


10 TALENT CAPITAL, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      10 TALENT CAPITAL, LP
                    

•   JACKSONVILLE, FL
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             10 Talent Capital is based out of Jacksonville.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-11. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from 10 TALENT CAPITAL, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




10 talent capital, lp


4314 PABLO OAKS COURT

JACKSONVILLE
FL
                                                        
                                                    32224


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      904-545-9259







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 10/11/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-11
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




GENERAL PARTNER   10 TALENT CAPITAL, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MATTHEW R.  O'STEEN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 







10 TALENT CAPITAL, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- 10 Talent Capital, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









10 TALENT CAPITAL, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4314 Pablo Oaks Court  
    Jacksonville, FL, 32224Phone: 904-545-9259 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-11


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 General Partner 10 Talent Capital, Llc 
 Executive 


 Matthew R. O'steen 
 Executive, Promoter 













Financial services - Wikipedia





















 






Financial services

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Financial Services)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Finance







Markets





Bond
Commodity
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
Money
Over-the-counter
Private equity
Real estate
Spot
Stock




Participants




Investor

institutional


Retail
Speculator











Instruments



Cash
Credit line
Deposit
Derivative
Futures contract
Loan



Option (call
exotic
put)



Security
Stock

Time deposit
(certificate of deposit)








Corporate





Accounting
Audit
Capital budgeting



Credit rating agency



Risk management
Financial statement



Leveraged buyout
Mergers and acquisitions



Structured finance
Venture capital











Personal


Credit / Debt
Employment contract
Financial planning



Retirement
Student loan











Public



Government spending




Final consumption expenditure



Operations
Redistribution



Transfer payment




Government revenue







Taxation
Deficit spending






Budget (balance)
Debt



Non-tax revenue
Warrant of payment











Banks and banking



Central bank
Deposit account
Fractional-reserve banking
Loan
Money supply



Lists of banks








Regulation · Standards





Bank regulation
Basel Accords
International Financial Reporting Standards
ISO 31000
Professional certification
Fund governance
Accounting scandals











Economic history


Private equity and venture capital
Recession
Stock market bubble
Stock market crash









v
t
e





Financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry, which encompasses a broad range of businesses that manage money, including credit unions, banks, credit-card companies, insurance companies, accountancy companies, consumer-finance companies, stock brokerages, investment funds and some government-sponsored enterprises.[1] Financial services companies are present in all economically developed geographic locations and tend to cluster in local, national, regional and international financial centers such as London, New York City, and Tokyo.



Contents


1 History
2 Banks

2.1 Commercial banking services
2.2 Investment banking services


3 Foreign exchange services
4 Investment services
5 Insurance
6 Other financial services
7 Financial exports
8 Financial crime
9 Market share

9.1 US


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]
See also: Global financial system § History of international financial architecture
The term "financial services" became more prevalent in the United States partly as a result of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of the late 1990s, which enabled different types of companies operating in the U.S. financial services industry at that time to merge.[2]
Companies usually have two distinct approaches to this new type of business. One approach would be a bank which simply buys an insurance company or an investment bank, keeps the original brands of the acquired firm, and adds the acquisition to its holding company simply to diversify its earnings. Outside the U.S. (e.g. Japan), non-financial services companies are permitted within the holding company. In this scenario, each company still looks independent, and has its own customers, etc. In the other style, a bank would simply create its own brokerage division or insurance division and attempt to sell those products to its own existing customers, with incentives for combining all things with one company.
Banks[edit]
Main article: Bank
Commercial banking services[edit]
Main article: Commercial bank
A commercial bank is what is commonly referred to as simply a bank. The term "commercial" is used to distinguish it from an investment bank, a type of financial services entity which instead of lending money directly to a business, helps businesses raise money from other firms in the form of bonds (debt) or stock (equity).
The primary operations of banks include:

Keeping money safe while also allowing withdrawals when needed
Issuance of chequebooks so that bills can be paid and other kinds of payments can be delivered by the post
Provide personal loans, commercial loans, and mortgage loans (typically loans to purchase a home, property or business)
Issuance of credit cards and processing of credit card transactions and billing
Issuance of debit cards for use as a substitute for cheques
Allow financial transactions at branches or by using Automatic Teller Machines (ATMs)
Provide wire transfers of funds and Electronic fund transfers between banks
Facilitation of standing orders and direct debits, so payments for bills can be made automatically
Provide overdraft agreements for the temporary advancement of the bank's own money to meet monthly spending commitments of a customer in their current account.
Provide internet banking system to facilitate the customers to view and operate their respective accounts through internet.
Provide charge card advances of the bank's own money for customers wishing to settle credit advances monthly.
Provide a check guaranteed by the bank itself and prepaid by the customer, such as a cashier's check or certified check.
Notary service for financial and other documents
Accepting the deposits from customer and provide the credit facilities to them.
Sell investment products like mutual funds Etc.

Investment banking services[edit]
Main article: Investment banking

Capital markets services - underwriting debt and equity, assist company deals (advisory services, underwriting, mergers and acquisitions and advisory fees), and restructure debt into structured finance products.
Private banking - Private banks provide banking services exclusively to high-net-worth individuals. Many financial services firms require a person or family to have a certain minimum net worth to qualify for private banking service.[3] Private banks often provide more personal services, such as wealth management and tax planning, than normal retail banks.[4]
Brokerage services - facilitating the buying and selling of financial securities between a buyer and a seller. In today's (2014) stock brokers, brokerages services are offered online to self trading investors throughout the world who have the option of trading with 'tied' online trading platforms offered by a banking institution or with online trading platforms sometimes offered in a group by so-called online trading portals.

Foreign exchange services[edit]
Foreign exchange services are provided by many banks and specialist foreign exchange brokers around the world. Foreign exchange services include:

Currency exchange - where clients can purchase and sell foreign currency banknotes.
Wire transfer - where clients can send funds to international banks abroad.
Remittance - where clients that are migrant workers send money back to their home country.

Investment services[edit]

Investment management - the term usually given to describe companies which run collective investment funds. Also refers to services provided by others, generally registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Registered Investment Advisors. Investment banking financial services focus on creating capital through client investments.
Hedge fund management - Hedge funds often employ the services of "prime brokerage" divisions at major investment banks to execute their trades.
Custody services - the safe-keeping and processing of the world's securities trades and servicing the associated portfolios. Assets under custody in the world are approximately US$100 trillion.[5]

Insurance[edit]
Main article: Insurance

Insurance brokerage - Insurance brokers shop for insurance (generally corporate property and casualty insurance) on behalf of customers. Recently a number of websites have been created to give consumers basic price comparisons for services such as insurance, causing controversy within the industry.[6]
Insurance underwriting - Personal lines insurance underwriters actually underwrite insurance for individuals, a service still offered primarily through agents, insurance brokers, and stock brokers. Underwriters may also offer similar commercial lines of coverage for businesses. Activities include insurance and annuities, life insurance, retirement insurance, health insurance, and property insurance and casualty insurance.
Finance & Insurance - a service still offered primarily at asset dealerships. The F&I manager encompasses the financing and insuring of the asset which is sold by the dealer. F&I is often called "the second gross" in dealerships who have adopted the model
Reinsurance - Reinsurance is insurance sold to insurers themselves, to protect them from catastrophic losses.

Other financial services[edit]

Bank cards - include both credit cards and debit cards. According to the Nilson Report, JP Morgan Chase is the largest issuer of bank cards.[7]
Credit card machine services and networks - Companies which provide credit card machine and payment networks call themselves "merchant card providers".
Intermediation or advisory services - These services involve stock brokers (private client services) and discount brokers. Stock brokers assist investors in buying or selling shares. Primarily internet-based companies are often referred to as discount brokerages, although many now have branch offices to assist clients. These brokerages primarily target individual investors. Full service and private client firms primarily assist and execute trades for clients with large amounts of capital to invest, such as large companies, wealthy individuals, and investment management funds.
Private equity - Private equity funds are typically closed-end funds, which usually take controlling equity stakes in businesses that are either private, or taken private once acquired. Private equity funds often use leveraged buyouts (LBOs) to acquire the firms in which they invest. The most successful private equity funds can generate returns significantly higher than provided by the equity markets
Venture capital is a type of private equity capital typically provided by professional, outside investors to new, high-growth-potential companies in the interest of taking the company to an IPO or trade sale of the business.
Angel investment - An angel investor or angel (known as a business angel or informal investor in Europe), is an affluent individual who provides capital for a business start-up, usually in exchange for convertible debt or ownership equity. A small but increasing number of angel investors organize themselves into angel groups or angel networks to share resources and pool their investment capital.
Conglomerates - A financial services company, such as a universal bank, that is active in more than one sector of the financial services market e.g. life insurance, general insurance, health insurance, asset management, retail banking, wholesale banking, investment banking, etc. A key rationale for the existence of such businesses is the existence of diversification benefits that are present when different types of businesses are aggregated i.e. bad things don't always happen at the same time. As a consequence, economic capital for a conglomerate is usually substantially less than economic capital is for the sum of its parts.
Financial market utilities - Organisations that are part of the infrastructure of financial services, such as stock exchanges, clearing houses, derivative and commodity exchanges and payment systems such as real-time gross settlement systems or interbank networks.
Debt resolution is a consumer service that assists individuals that have too much debt to pay off as requested, but do not want to file bankruptcy and wish to pay off their debts owed. This debt can be accrued in various ways including but not limited to personal loans, credit cards or in some cases merchant accounts.

Financial exports[edit]
 A financial export is a financial service provided by a domestic firm (regardless of ownership) to a foreign firm or individual. While financial services such as banking, insurance and investment management are often seen as a domestic service, an increasing proportion of financial services are now being handled abroad, in other financial centres, for a variety of reasons. Some smaller financial centres, such as Bermuda, Luxembourg, and the Cayman Islands, lack sufficient size for a domestic financial services sector and have developed a role providing services to non-residents as offshore financial centres. The increasing competitiveness of financial services has meant that some countries, such as Japan, which were self-sufficient have increasingly imported financial services.
The leading financial exporter, in terms of exports less imports, is the United Kingdom, which had $95 billion of financial exports in 2014.[8] The UK's position is helped by both unique institutions (such as Lloyd's of London for insurance, the Baltic Exchange for shipping etc.)[9] and an environment that attracts foreign firms;[10] many international corporations have global or regional headquarters in the London and are listed on the London Stock Exchange, and many banks and other financial institutions operate there or in Edinburgh.[11][12]
Financial crime[edit]
Fraud within the financial industry costs the UK (regulated by the FCA) an estimated £14bn a year and it is believed a further £25bn is laundered by British institutions.[13]
Market share[edit]
US[edit]
As of 2004[update] the financial services industry (finance industry) represented 20% of the market capitalization of the S&P 500 in the United States.[citation needed]
The U.S. finance industry comprised only 10% of total non-farm business profits in 1947, but it grew to 50% by 2010. Over the same period, finance industry income as a proportion of GDP rose from 2.5% to 7.5%, and the finance industry's proportion of all corporate income rose from 10% to 20%. The mean earnings per employee hour in finance relative to all other sectors has closely mirrored the share of total U.S. income earned by the top 1% income earners since 1930. The mean salary in New York City's finance industry rose from $80,000 in 1981 to $360,000 in 2011, while average New York City salaries rose from $40,000 to $70,000. In 1988, there were about 12,500 U.S. banks with less than $300 million in deposits, and about 900 with more deposits, but by 2012, there were only 4,200 banks with less than $300 million in deposits in the U.S., and over 1,801 with more.
The financial services industry constitutes the largest group of companies in the world in terms of earnings and equity market capitalization. However it is not the largest category in terms of revenue or number of employees. It is also a slow growing and extremely fragmented industry, with the largest company (Citigroup), only having a 3% US market share.[14] In contrast, the largest home improvement store in the US, Home Depot, has a 30% market share, and the largest coffee house Starbucks has a market share of 32%.
See also[edit]





Book: Finance






Alternative financial services
Financial analyst
Financial data vendors
Financial markets
Financial technology
Financialization
Insider threat
International Monetary Fund
List of banks
List of investment banks
List of largest financial services companies by revenue


References[edit]



^ "Financial Services: Getting the Goods". IMF. 28 March 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2015. 
^ "Bill Summary & Status 106th Congress (1999 - 2000) S.900 CRS Summary - Thomas (Library of Congress)". Retrieved 2011-02-08. 
^ "Private Banking definition". Investor Words.com. Retrieved 2009-02-06. 
^ "How Swiss Bank Accounts Work". How Stuff Works. Retrieved 2009-02-06. 
^ "Prudential: Securities Processing Primer" (PDF). cm1.prusec.com. 
^ "Price comparison sites face probe". BBC News. 2008-01-22. Retrieved 2009-02-06. 
^ "The Nilson Report - News and Statistics for Card and Mobile Payment Executives". 
^ "UK trade surplus in financial services highest ever". TheCityUK. 21 July 2015. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ Clark, David (2003). Urban world/global city. Routledge. pp. 174–176. ISBN 0415320976 ; Shubik, Martin (1999). The theory of money and financial institutions. MIT Press. p. 8. ISBN 0262693119. 
^ Roberts, Richard (2008). The City: A Guide to London's Global Financial Centre. Economist. pp. 1–22. 
^ "UK’s financial services trade surplus biggest in the world, dwarfing its nearest rivals". TheCityUK. 3 July 2014. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ "Special report on services exports" (PDF). EY Item Club. June 2014. Retrieved 8 September 2015. 
^ "Watchdog warns of criminal gangs inside banks". The Guardian. London. 2005-11-16. Retrieved 2007-11-30. 
^ The Opportunity: Small Global Market Share, Page 11, from the Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Strategic Decisions Conference – 6/02/04



Further reading[edit]

Porteous, Bruce T.; Pradip Tapadar (December 2005). Economic Capital and Financial Risk Management for Financial Services Firms and Conglomerates. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 1-4039-3608-0. 

External links[edit]

The role of the financial Services Sector in Expanding Economic Opportunity | A report by Christopher N. Sutton and Beth Jenkins | John F. Kennedy School of Government | Harvard University
Equipment Financing USA
Chase Personal Finance







v
t
e


Major industries






Heavy
Light








Activism
Advertising
Aerospace

Space


Aircraft

Aircraft tire


Agriculture
Audiovisual

Flowers
Horticulture
Coffee


Alcohol
Anime
Arms
Automotive
Bicycle
Biotechnology
Chemical
Computer
Construction

Dredging


Content
Creative
Cultural
Education
Electric power
Electronics

Semiconductor


Energy

Renewable energy


Entertainment
Fashion
Film
Financial services

Insurance industry


Fishing
Food

Bushfood


Fur
Gaming

Online gambling


Health care
Hospitality
Information
Language
Leisure
Manufacturing
Meat industry

Meat packing


Mineral
Motorsport
Music
Naval stores
Payment card
Personal care
Petroleum

Oil shale


Pharmaceutical
Plastics
Poverty
Professional services
Pulp and paper
Radio
Real estate

Housing


Online service
Security
Sex
Shipbuilding
Software
Sport
Textile
Tobacco
Tourism
Video game
Water










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Financial_services&oldid=788860648"					
Categories: Financial marketsFinancial servicesHidden categories: Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2004All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from August 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiРусскийShqipSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 22:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 










Homepage | Man Group























































Menu




Taiwan


Login


























Man Group. Always evolving.
Technology-empowered active investment management focused on delivering performance and client solutions.















An Overview of Man Group





   

 
 
 





Man Group. Founded 1783.

We are an active investment management firm focused on delivering attractive performance and client solutions, deploying the latest technology across our business to help ensure we stay at the forefront of our evolving industry.
Our five investment management businesses leverage our world-class infrastructure to provide a diverse range of strategies across investment approaches, styles and asset classes.
We continuously invest in talent, technology and research as we strive to deliver the best results for our clients.


Learn more about Man Group



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Our Strategies







Man AHL. Founded 1987.

Man AHL is a diversified quantitative investment manager that has been a pioneer in the application of systematic trading since 1987.
The firm applies innovative quantitative methods to locate potential opportunities in more than 600 markets worldwide.
Man AHL manages $18.8bn* in assets for institutional and private clients globally across a range of momentum and non-momentum driven strategies.


Learn more about Man AHL



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man AHL Strategies







Man Numeric. Founded 1989.

Man Numeric, established in 1989 and acquired by Man Group in 2014, is a Boston-based, quantitative equity manager that invests in almost every equity market in the world.
The firm employs disciplined, systematic investment processes that are underpinned by a robust fundamental approach.
Man Numeric manages $24.7bn* for institutional clients globally, including corporate and public pension plans, foundations, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.


Learn more about Man Numeric



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man Numeric Strategies







Man GLG. Founded 1995.

Founded in 1995 and acquired by Man Group in 2010, Man GLG is a discretionary fund manager that is active across alternative and long-only strategies, investing in equity and credit.
The firm fosters leading investment talent within a collaborative environment. Its portfolio managers are unconstrained by a house view.
Man GLG currently manages $28.8bn* for a range of institutional and private clients globally.


Learn more about Man GLG



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man GLG Strategies







Man FRM. Founded 1991.

Founded in 1991 and acquired by Man Group in 2012, Man FRM is a hedge fund investment specialist, providing investment and advisory services.
The firm offers commingled fund of hedge funds, customised and advisory solutions and outsourced research and consulting, all of which can be enhanced by Man FRM’s managed account platform.
Man FRM manages $14.5bn* for a predominantly institutional client base.


Learn more about Man FRM



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man FRM Strategies







Man GPM. Founded 2017.

Man Global Private Markets ('Man GPM') is Man Group’s investment engine for private markets. The firm aims to broaden Man Group’s offering into illiquid assets such as real estate, credit and infrastructure, in order to make our offering to clients as comprehensive as possible.
In a low yield environment private markets can offer truly differentiated return streams, and yields unavailable in the public sphere. We believe that Man Group’s infrastructural capacity can provide the platform to give our clients access to these areas.


Learn more about Man GPM



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man GPM Strategies





* as at 31 March 2017









News & Perspectives




 Environmental, Social and Corporate GovernanceAt Man Group, we believe that responsible investing is fundamental to fulfilling our fiduciary duty. Learn more about what we are doing in the area of responsible and ESG investing.
FRM Early View June 2017June was a mixed month for hedge fund returns, with Equity Long-Short and Relative Value strategies generally performing well on increased single security alpha, while Credit and Global Macro struggled.
Man Booker PrizesA Horse Walks Into a Bar by David Grossman is announced as the winner of the 2017 Man Booker International Prize. The novel was translated by Jessica Cohen and is published in Britain by Jonathan Cape.


Man GPM AaltoMan GPM Aalto (‘Aalto’) forms the real assets business of Man GPM. Aalto is a real asset investment manager offering differentiated debt and equity strategies in commercial and residential real estate. 
Join the Man Group teamWe pride ourselves on the quality of our people; joining Man Group means becoming part of a high calibre team.
PerspectivesAt Man Group, we believe that different investment styles and approaches can be effective and beneficial to each other as we challenge consensus and convention.
AHL ExplainsNarrated by Man AHL's Chief Scientist, Dr Anthony Ledford, the ‘AHL Explains’ video series explores key concepts in futures trend following programmes – bringing each concept to life by focusing on principles, not details.
























 Please select your country



Europe, Middle East, Africa

Austria
Belgium
Cyprus
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Portugal
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom


Select from Europe, Middle East, Africa
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Czech Republic
Djibouti
Ecuador
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
French Guiana
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Hungary
Iceland
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Isle of Man
Israel
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Lithuania
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Malta
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Oman
Palestine, State of
Poland
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Togo
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Americas

United States


Select from Americas
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Brazil
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Curaçao
Dominica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Martinique
Mexico
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles
Nicaragua
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Puerto Rico
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.



Asia-Pacific

Australia
Hong Kong
New Zealand
Singapore


Select from Asia-Pacific
Afghanistan
American Samoa
Antarctica
Bouvet Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Cook Islands
Fiji
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Guam
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Macao
Malaysia
Maldives
Marshall Islands
Micronesia, Federated States of
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Caledonia
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pitcairn
Samoa
San Marino
Solomon Islands
Sri Lanka
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna

















Please update your browser


Unfortunately we no longer support Internet Explorer 8, 7 and older for security reasons.
Please update your browser to a later version and try to access our site again.
Many thanks.







YouTube 
 







 

 








登入

關於
新聞中心
版權
創作者
廣告
開發人員
+YouTube


條款
隱私權
政策與安全性
測試新功能




© 2017 YouTube, LLC





 




































 






Medtronic Minimally Invasive Therapies


































































Covidien Products





                                 
                            











Ablation Systems






Acute Care Ventilation






Advanced Wound Care






Blood & Specimen Collection






Brain Monitoring






Capnography Monitoring






Capsule Endoscopy






Cardiology Electrodes






Cardiothoracic






Cerebral/Somatic Oximetry






Dental Care






Dialysis Catheters






Electrosurgical Hardware






Electrosurgical Instruments






Endoscopic Ultrasound






Enteral Feeding






Gastrointestinal Radiofrequency Ablation






Haemostasis






Hand Instruments & Ligation Devices






Hazardous Drug Protection






Health Informatics & Monitoring






Hernia Repair






Hysteroscopy Systems






Incontinence






Intubation






Medication Delivery






Motility Testing






Needles & Syringes






OEM Monitoring Solutions






OR Accessories






OR Safety






OR Suction 






Obstetric & Neonatal






Open Suction






Pain Therapy & Recovery






Patient Positioning






Patient Preparation






Portable Ventilation






Pulse Oximetry






Recording Chart Paper






Reflux Testing






Sharps Disposal






Smoke Evacuation Systems






Sports Surgery






Surgical Set-Up Kits






Surgical Stapling






Temperature Management






Thermometry






Tracheostomy






Traditional Wound Care






Trocars & Access Instruments






Ultrasonic Dissection






Urology






Vascular Compression






Ventilator Filters






Vessel Sealing






Wound Closure









Advanced Energy Products






Ablation Systems






Electrosurgical Hardware






Electrosurgical Instruments






Ultrasonic Dissection






Vessel Sealing








Gastrointestinal Products  






Capsule Endoscopy






Endoscopic Ultrasound






Gastrointestinal Radiofrequency Ablation






Motility Testing






Reflux Testing








Patient Care Products






Advanced Wound Care






Blood & Specimen Collection






Dental Care






Dialysis Catheters






Enteral Feeding






Hazardous Drug Protection






Incontinence






Medication Delivery






Needles & Syringes






Obstetric & Neonatal






Pain Therapy & Recovery






Sharps Disposal






Traditional Wound Care






Urology






Vascular Compression








Patient Monitoring Products






Brain Monitoring






Capnography Monitoring






Cardiology Electrodes






Cerebral/Somatic Oximetry






Health Informatics & Monitoring






OEM Monitoring Solutions






Pulse Oximetry






Recording Chart Paper






Temperature Management






Thermometry








Respiratory Products






Acute Care Ventilation






Intubation






Open Suction






Portable Ventilation






Tracheostomy






Ventilator Filters








Surgical Products






Cardiothoracic






Haemostasis






Hand Instruments & Ligation Devices






Hernia Repair






Hysteroscopy Systems






OR Accessories






OR Safety






OR Suction 






Patient Positioning






Patient Preparation






Smoke Evacuation Systems






Sports Surgery






Surgical Set-Up Kits






Surgical Stapling






Trocars & Access Instruments






Wound Closure














Clinical Solutions




Education



News Center




Support







Contact Us

|



Share














Covidien is now Medtronic Minimally Invasive Therapies











































DELIVERING
FAST
EFFICIENT
POSTPARTUM
 SPONGE
 DETECTION





The Situate™ delivery system is a powerful delivery room safety tool that detects missing sponges within seconds, minimizing the uncertainty of manual sponge counts with one simple and intuitive system.



Learn More





































The Same Endotracheal Tubes
You’ve Always
Relied On.
Will Soon Have
A New Name.





Mallinckrodt™ endotracheal tubes will soon be Shiley™ endotracheal tubes.



Learn More





































MANAGING
Neonatal Stressors





Working together to reduce infant stress in the NICU. Because today decides tomorrow.



Learn More



































Upcoming Events






American Neurogastroenterology and Motility Society (ANMS) Course


August 04, 2017






American Association of Nurse Anesthetists (AANA) Annual Congress


September 10, 2017






ELSO Conference


September 24, 2017






See More Events























PATIENT CARE
PRODUCTS





As a leading provider of essential medical products we focus on improving healthcare practices and providing a safer environment for the patient and the healthcare provider. Products engineered to help prevent needlestick injury, infection, cross contamination or medication errors, give you the peace of mind that you and your patients are protected.



Learn More



















ENTERAL 
FEEDING



The Kangaroo™ nutritional delivery portfolio offers enteral feeding pumps and sets, feeding and decompression tubes, and P.E.G. devices.





Learn More















MEDICATION 
DELIVERY



With a full range of needles and syringes, both standard and safety, Medtronic has you covered during medical procedures.





Learn More





































Featured Patient Care Products














Kangaroo™ Feeding Tube











Kendall SCD™ Compression System
" alt="Kendall SCD™ Compression System
">
    	

Kendall SCD™ Compression System














AMD Antimicrobial Dressings











Obstetric & Neonatal
">
    	

Obstetric & Neonatal












































Corporate Resources


Terms of Use



Privacy Statement



Medtronic.com



Operational Headquarters:710 Medtronic ParkwayMinneapolis, MN 55432-5604© 2017 Medtronic






Minimally Invasive Therapies


Covidien Products



Clinical Solutions



News Center



Education



Support



Sitemap







Patient Resources


Bariatrics



Crohn's Disease



Colon Disease



Barrett's Esophagus



Hernia Treatment



Lung Cancer



Gallbladder Treatment



Homecare Ventilation



Varicose Veins







Additional Resources


Animal Health



Product Catalog



Educational Grants









































Contact Us
























SAP SuccessFactors, the leader in HCM software for cloud-based HR







skip to content































Toggle navigation
















































Turn up the heat with the HR Live demo series
See how SAP SuccessFactors solutions can help you transform HR





                Register now
            





















HBR report: HR Analytics: Busting silos, delivering outcomes


                                Learn more
                            




Research Center: Using research to guide HCM strategy


                                Learn more
                            




Understand your HR digital maturity


                                Take Survey
                            




The importance of health and well-being


                                Learn more
                            




HR strategies for the digital economy


                                Learn more
                            




Driving diversity and inclusion


                                Find out how
                            




SAP Radio series: Health and wellness


                                Listen now
                            









New customers



Dolce & Gabbana S.r.l.
Italy
Industry: Retail



syncreon America Inc.
United States
Industry: Logistics Services



Lojas Marisa SA
Brazil
Industry: Retail



GF Securities Co., Ltd.
China
Industry: Securities

 
See more customers
 
 










Firing Line® with Bill Kutik

HR Research and Analytics Guru Stacey Harris talks to Firing Line with Bill Kutik® about the latest trends in Mid-Market HR, BYOD and competitor advantages.



                        Watch now
                    








Success is simply human.






                                        We can't play this video in your browser. Please download the video to watch it.






                                        We can't play this video in your browser. Please download the video to watch it.






                                        We can't play this video in your browser. Please download the video to watch it.






                                        We can't play this video in your browser. Please download the video to watch it.






                                        We can't play this video in your browser. Please download the video to watch it.






                                        We can't play this video in your browser. Please download the video to watch it.












Transform HR with HCM solutions
Chief Human Resource Officers are playing a critical role in driving HR digital transformation and helping business leaders understand the value of investing in Human Capital Management (HCM) solutions that bring out the power of the workforce and help drive business outcomes. With workforce analytics, learning management, HCM goal management solutions, and more, SAP SuccessFactors is here to help you with the journey.









Mobile solutions
SAP SuccessFactors Mobile takes HR beyond enterprise boundaries and creates a social and collaborative experience that boosts business effectiveness and makes HR processes available to all employees anywhere and anytime. Watch the video to see how SAP SuccessFactors can engage your employees. For more information visit https://www.successfactors.com/en_us/solutions/mobile.html









Jaguar Land Rover
Look under the hood at how Jaguar Land Rover is using SAP SuccessFactors solutions to offer first-class HR services and source the talent it needs to stay at the cutting edge of quality and innovation.









Compensation modeling
With the SAP SuccessFactors Compensation solution, you can improve planning accuracy and efficiency with modeling capabilities that help you intelligently align compensation guidelines with budgets.









Business beyond bias
Customers and thought leaders share the importance of having a diverse & inclusive workforce and how it is key to any company’s growth and success.









Performance management
Now you can have more meaningful one-on-one's with your manager so you get the feedback that you need to meet your goals, and the coaching you need to grow and develop your career.















In the news






















Twitter


Follow @successfactors












Blog















Events








JUN
28


SAP radio series
Tune in Thursdays at 11 AM Pacific / 2 PM Eastern on the VoiceAmerica Bu ...





JUL
26


SAP HANA Cloud Platform
SAP SuccessFactors is excited to relaunch the HR Live Demo series! Atten ...





AUG
29


SuccessConnect Las Vegas 2017Las Vegas, NV
Every business—and every business journey—is different. At S ...





SEP
25


SAP TechEd Las VegasLas Vegas, NV
SAP TechEd is the go-to conference for SAP technology, education, and ha ...





OCT
10


HR Tech Las VegasLas Vegas
Join your peers to learn more about industry trends from thought leaders ...





OCT
24


HR Tech World AmsterdamAmsterdam
At HR Tech World Amsterdam, you’ll get to network with your peers, ...





NOV
20


DGFP Jahrestagung // Digitale Trends & Innovationen in HR - zu Gast bei SAP.St. Leon Rot, Germany
 




See all events





























 


Vector Capital | Vector Capital
























										Vector Capital
										


Open sidebar























Product Leadership
“With multiple successes in Silicon Valley, Bob Chen understood that technology leadership is what builds great companies.   The ground-breaking products he developed at RAE enabled the company to lead its market.”

Learn More About RAE


















Reigniting Growth
"At LANDesk, and then again at WatchGuard, Joe Wang reinvigorated product development, broadened distribution channels, and inspired the teams to scale new heights.  He is one of the most capable growth CEOs in the technology business."

Learn More About LANDesk


















A Company Reborn
"Corporate spinouts are tough, but when you get them right, the rewards are fantastic.  We recruited Atul Bhatnagar to transform a collection of Motorola assets into Cambium Networks, turning it into a fast growing technology leader in the fixed wireless industry."

Learn More About Cambium


















Global Expansion
"Hagai Hartman and Josef Ahorner co-founded Emarsys in Vienna, Austria in 2000.  Without any venture capital, they built innovative SaaS marketing analytics products and drove 10x organic growth between 2009 and 2014, expanding across Europe and Asia.  Vector is proud to serve as their first institutional capital partner, in support of a successful launch into the U.S. and Latin American markets."

Learn More About Emarsys

















Innovative capital solutions for established technology businesses



Learn About Our History







Investment Solutions
We were one of the first private equity firms to focus exclusively on technology, and with over 175 years of collective experience in the sector, we see opportunities where others see obstacles.
Read More


Value Creation
Our value creation team is central to our investment approach. For more than 10 years, our portfolio companies have leveraged our deep operational capabilities to drive growth and profitability.
Read More








Investment Case Studies






































all investments





















