

1492 Capital Management - Investment Strategies

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 











Home > Investment Strategies

Investment Strategies
Multiple Products Meet Changing Market Conditions

At 1492 Capital Management, we believe a thorough understanding of a company’s financials and management is the key to measuring opportunity—and constructing a portfolio intended to help you meet your small cap investing goals.  

Fundamental research is the basis for our investment process and each of our two primary investment strategies:




Growth Strategy
Seeking companies benefiting from broad economic or industry specific forces
Small Cap Growth


learn more >





Value Strategy
Seeking underpriced up-and-comers
Small Cap Value


learn more >





Core Alpha Strategy
Seeking out the best ideas
Small Cap Core Alpha



learn more >





Dynamic Hedge Strategy
Combining Opportunity and Tactical Views
Small Cap Dynamic Hedge



learn more >




Investment Process:
 We believe that outperformance comes from good stock selection. For us, that starts with hundreds of company meetings annually to collect individual data points from many industries and sectors, which we weave into themes that we believe will provide a catalyst for revenue and earnings growth.
We identify all companies that might benefit from each theme within that industry and/or across market sectors, including competitors and supply chain participants, seeking opportunities to leverage a particular theme.
We perform in-depth fundamental research on each thematic target company, including discussions with management and stress testing financial statements.
Once a company has cleared the fundamental hurdle, we focus on valuation using a process we call “triangulation”. A company’s stock value is a moving target, so we use three valuation methodologies including earnings, industry and cash flow metrics to reach a price target that is reviewed and updated each day for new information. To the extent that the price target provides at least 35% upside the stock is considered for inclusion in the portfolio.
In order to ensure that portfolio companies maintain their attractiveness, we use a strict sell discipline, including two components that allow us to stop problem stocks early.
 

Learn more about the 1492 Sell Discipline >

  











© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements
 
 










1492 Capital Management - Home

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 












Discovery: 
The basis for our brand
and our approach 
  



1492 Capital Management, LLC, a multi-strategy, small cap investment manager located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, serves institutional and private clients. Our unique, bottom-up thematic approach to small cap investing and our focus on absolute returns aligns our goals with those of our clients. 
What differentiates 1492 is meticulous research. Face-to-face meetings with the management, competition and suppliers of prospective companies provide insight and direct us to economic, industry and market themes, which are then researched and evaluated for inclusion in our portfolio.
  







Video

Check out the latest 1492 Video Update > 
E-Newsletter 



Each quarter we provide current insights and our take on the previous quarter. 
           
View the latest >


The latest from our Blog...













  





 




NEWS
Streaming live from our Blog. Read More >
 
Market Trivia 
Each quarter we offer a piece of market trivia that we believe is interesting or timely, or both.  The U.S. Fed appears to be hell-bent on raising interest rates several times in 2017.  They just hiked for the third time this cycle in June and have indicated a fourth and fifth time are likely by […]
Read more »















 

© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements
 
 









1492 Capital Management - Start Investing

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 











Home > Start Investing

Invest with 1492
Let Us Help You Navigate the Market

1492 Capital Management, located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, is a registered investment advisor. We are interested in managing the portfolio assets of our clients using our bottom-up, thematic approach to small cap investing.

We are committed to offering you a positive customer experience with essential services like these:


State-of-the-art infrastructure, with an institutional-ready platform that handles multiple custodians and
    makes it easy to monitor accounting and investment performance


Access to the portfolio management team


Communication on the market and our approach, through monthly newsletters, webcasts


To establish an account with 1492, it is necessary to have a third-party custodial relationship to take custody (i.e. control) of client assets. This division of responsibility offers our clients a high degree of comfort knowing that an independent third party is holding assets.

We will work with a custodian of your choice, or we can recommend a custodian with which we have a relationship and/or with which we have negotiated pricing.The following are custodians with which we currently work:
 
BMO Global Asset Management/Trust 
U.S. Bancorp
Millennium Trust
 
To establish a custody relationship, you will need one or more of the following:


A completed custody agreement


A transfer form if securities are being transferred to create the account


If the account is an IRA, an IRA adoption form for your current provider



Understanding the Custodian-Investment Firm Relationship
The three-party relationship between 1492 Capital Management, our client and the client’s custodian provides an effective method for delivering results.


Because we do not provide custody, our clients need to have a relationship with a custodian that is a bank trust company or broker/dealer who can hold assets and collect income. Our investment advisory agreement gives us the discretion to make the investment decisions we believe are prudent and our electronic trading platform allows us to communicate those decisions to the brokers who are executing trades on our clients’ behalf and the custodians who are caring for their assets.
 
 
 




 
  





Start Investing  


To start the investment process, you must also sign an Investment Advisory Agreement with 1492 Capital Management. Click on the links below to learn more about our strategies or to obtain an agreement for the appropriate strategy:    

- Small Cap Growth Strategy
Learn more about this strategy > 
Download Sample Advisory Agreement > 

 
- Small Cap Value Strategy 
Learn more about this strategy > 
Download Sample Advisory Agreement > 

Because we are registered with the Securities Exchange Commission as an Investment Advisory firm we are required to provide you with a copy of our ADV Part II. 

Please review this document to learn more about our firm, principals and portfolio management team, as well as the services we provide. Also, please review our Privacy Policy, which provides an understanding of the confidentiality with which we will treat the information regarding your account.

Should you have any questions about this process, please contact us.









 













© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements


 









1492 Capital Management - 1492 Approach

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 











Home > 1492 Approach

A Hands-On Approach to Thematic Investing
At 1492 Capital Management, we use a consistent, hands-on approach to select the small cap stocks we believe will provide capital appreciation. The fundamentals of our approach are:


Intensive company research used to assess which companies will be the major beneficiaries of an industry or sector theme.


Face-to-face interviews with companies, their competition and suppliers to accurately analyze finances and understand managements’ plans and motivations.


Our investment approach is based on four key beliefs:

Opportunity is ours to find. We believe every market cycle offers opportunity, stocks that have the wind at their back and can be purchased at reasonable valuations—no excuses. We search for small cap companies whose stocks we believe can appreciate regardless of the market environment.

Research gives us the edge. When investing in small cap stocks, there’s no substitute for exhaustive fundamental research. We meet with hundreds of companies each year. These face-to-face meetings allow us to discern management’s ability to execute their business plans. We also learn more about their competitors and supply chain, gaining insight into economic forces or new technologies that may propel growth.

Triangulation reveals the target. Drawing on our research, we use our proprietary valuation technique to derive a price target based on cash flow, earnings and industry-specific metrics. Then, we triangulate these results to create solid target values for entering and exiting a portfolio position.

Our goals are aligned with yours. 1492 Capital Management is performance-driven. We strive to consistently outperform our benchmarks, and we’ve created incentives for our portfolio team aligned with that goal.

Company meetings and the subsequent in-depth research gives us insight into the broader economic forces that enable companies to grow and compete. It is the key to measuring opportunity—and constructing a portfolio intended to help you meet your goals.
 
 
 
 
 
 
  





                      It Starts with Extensive, Face-to-Face Research

We meet with hundreds of companies each year representing a broad spectrum of market sectors. These meetings provide insight that leads us to pinpoint themes and leverage them to construct a portfolio that performs. 
 





Our portfolio managers explain our Thematic Investing approach >


  










© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements
 
 










1492 Capital Management - Contact

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 













Home > Contact Us

Contact Us 
Discover Opportunity with 1492 Capital Management, LLC 

  



Talk with 1492 Capital Management today to see how we can help you meet your small cap investment goals.
1492 Capital Management, LLC
309 North Water Street, Suite 505
Milwaukee, WI 53202

Investor Relations
Tim Stracka
414-224-9160
tstracka@1492cm.com



Media Relations
Nancy Frohna, CFA
414-224-9175
nfrohna@1492cm.com

 
 
 
 
 
  

  


  




 












© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements
 
 










1492 Capital Management - Legal Statement

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 











Home > Legal Statement

Legal Statement


1492 Capital Management, LLC is a SEC-registered investment adviser located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  Our Form ADV and other information can be viewed at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.  All information contained herein is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or an offer to sell investment advisory services in any jurisdiction.  The investment strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for everyone.  Investors need to review an investment strategy for their own particular situation before making any investment decision. 

Comments and opinions expressed in this website regarding individual securities, markets, strategies and case studies, are not recommendations or predictions, and thus should not be acted upon.  They are based only upon the judgments and opinions of 1492’s professional staff, which are subject to change without notice at any time in reaction to shifting market conditions and other factors.  The use of any investment strategy does not guarantee that an investment return will be achieved, or that a loss will not occur from the advice provided.  1492 does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy or timeliness of any information prepared by any third parties, whether linked to this web site or incorporated herein.  You are encouraged to contact us with your questions. CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by the CFA Institute. 

Indexes are unmanaged, do not incur management fees, costs and expenses, and cannot be invested in directly. 

The Russell 2000 Index measures the performance of the small-cap segment of the U.S. equity universe.  The Russell 2000 Index is a subset of the Russell 3000 Index representing approximately 10% of the total market capitalization of that index.  It includes approximately 2,000 of the smallest securities based on a combination of their market cap and current index membership. 

The Russell 2000 Growth Index measures the performance of the small-cap growth segment of the U.S. equity universe.  It includes those Russell 2000 companies with higher price-to-value ratios and higher forecasted growth values. 

The Russell 2000 Value Index measures the performance of the small-cap value segment of the U.S. equity universe.  It includes those Russell 2000 companies with lower price-to-book ratios and lower forecasted growth values.
   

  

  




 













© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements
 
 










1492 Capital Management - Videos

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 










 





videos |  newsletter  |  books  |  white papers  |  supporting research


 


Small Cap Value Methodology 



Small cap value portfolio manager Rodney Hathaway describes the process for valuing stocks at 1492 Capital Management.

Additional Videos


Small Cap Growth Valuation Overview, Small cap growth portfolio manager Joe Frohna describes the process for determining the valuation of stocks at 1492 Capital Management.
 

July 2009 Small-Cap Update, The portfolio management team of 1492 Capital updates their outlook for small-caps for the remainder of 2009.
 





Thematic Investing Explained, Featuring 1492 Portfolio Managers, Joe Frohna, Rob Damron, Rodney Hathaway








Small-Cap Value Strategy, Featuring 1492 Value Strategy Portfolio Manager, Rodney Hathaway



 

  







White Papers 


No White Papers are currently available. 


 


Newsletters see all > 




1492's Discovering Opportunity Newsletter for the 1st Quarter of 2011
1492's Discovering Opportunity Newsletter for the 4th Quarter of 2010
1492's Discovering Opportunity Newsletter for the 3rd Quarter of 2010

1492's Discovering Opportunity Newsletter for the 2nd Quarter of 2010
1492's Discovering Opportunity Newsletter for the 1st Quarter of 2010



 


Books see all > 


The Theory and Practice of Investment Management.  Fabozzi, Frank, and Harry Markowitz.
 
Valuation Methods and Shareholder Value Creation.  Fernandez, Pablo.






















© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements


 









1492 Capital Management - Policies and Terms

















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 











Home > Policies and Terms

Policies & Terms


Preserving trust is a core value. 1492 Capital Management, LLC ("1492") recognizes that clients expect us to protect the information they provide us and to use it responsibly. We are strongly committed to fulfilling the trust that is the foundation of our clients' expectations. For that reason we have adopted and adhere to the following policy regarding the privacy of client information. 

Why We Collect And How We Use Information. 
When we evaluate your request for our services, provide investment advice to you and place transactions for your account, you typically provide us with certain personal information necessary for us to provide these services. We may also use that information to offer you other services we or an affiliate may provide which may meet your investment needs. 

What Information We Collect. 
The information we collect may include: name and address; employer; Social Security number or tax payer identification number; assets; income; account transactions; investment and other financial product positions and balances; investment objectives; accounts at other institutions; transactions at other institutions, including affiliates; the identities of consultants, accountants, attorneys and other professionals you engage. Information we receive from third parties, including credit bureaus; and information we obtain to verify your representations to us, such as your identity and assets. 

We Limit How, and With Whom We Share Your Information 
We do not sell your personal information to anyone. We may disclose information about you with your consent to our employees, affiliates, representatives and their affiliated businesses. We may disclose information to nonaffiliated third parties when providing services to you. Nonaffiliated third parties may include retirement plan sponsors or third party administrators, custodial banks, mutual fund companies, insurance companies and agencies, third party advisory firms, banks, brokerdealers, transaction clearing firms, accountants, lawyers, securities professionals, companies that assist us with the maintenance of required records, and others to assist us, or them, in providing services to you. 

We may also share information with companies that perform services on our behalf, such as the companies that we hire to perform marketing or administrative services. Companies we may hire to provide support services are not allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes. We may also make additional disclosures as permitted by law. 

We will also share the information we received from you as required by laws and rules applicable to you, client account service providers, 1492 or 1492's representatives. 

If you close your account, in the process of transferring your accounts we may share your information with the new broker-dealer, investment adviser or custodian that you or your 1492 representative selects. Your 1492 representative may use the personal information about you in his or her files to provide you with information regarding the new firm, account transfer procedures and documents. 

If you prefer that we not share your nonpublic personal information (except in those circumstances described above that are permitted or required by law), you may opt out at any time by notifying us not to share information. To notify us, please call us at 414/276-1492. You will be asked to provide identifying client information at that time, including your Social Security Number. 

For accounts that are held jointly by more than one client, any of the account holders may opt out on behalf of the other account holders. Any opt out instructions received from one owner of a joint account will apply also to individual accounts in that person's name, as well as other accounts held jointly by that person, based on the account information we have. 

How We Protect Information. 
Employees and our advisory representatives are required to comply with our established information confidentiality procedures. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information. For example, our computer systems utilize password protection to prevent access by unauthorized personnel. 1492 ensures service providers provide assurances that they will restrict their use of the information provided about you. 

Access to and Correction of Your Information.
Upon your written request, we will make available your information for review. Information collected in connection with, or in anticipation of, any claim or legal proceeding will not be made available. If your personal information with us becomes inaccurate, or if you need to make a change to that information, please contact us at the number shown below so we can update our records. Also, if you believe someone has accessed your account without authorization, please contact us as soon as possible. 

Further Information. 
For additional information regarding our privacy policy, or if you have any questions and/or concerns about your account or about our services, please contact Nancy Frohna by writing to her at 309 North Water Street, Suite 505, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 53202.
   

  

  




 













© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements
 
 







1492 Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 5:10 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of 1492 Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
1492 Capital Management, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals and high net worth individuals. It also caters to investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios for its clients. It also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in growth and value stocks of small cap companies. The firm employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the Russ...
1492 Capital Management, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals and high net worth individuals. It also caters to investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios for its clients. It also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in growth and value stocks of small cap companies. The firm employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the Russell 2000 Growth and Russell 2000 Value Indices. 1492 Capital Management, LLC is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Detailed Description


309 North Water StreetSuite 505Milwaukee, WI 53202United States



Phone: 414-276-1492

Fax: 414-224-9158

www.1492capitalmanagement.com







Key Executives for 1492 Capital Management, LLC




Mr. Joseph Anthony Frohna CPA


      	Founding Partner, Founding Principal, Portfolio Mngr of Growth Strategies & Core Alpha Strategy
      








Mr. Timothy Terrill Stracka


      	Founding Principal and Director of Institutional Sales
      








Ms. Nancy Elain Frohna CFA


      	Chief Operating Officer and Research Analyst
      








Mr. Duc Rodney Hathaway CFA


      	Portfolio Manager of Value Strategies and Co-Portfolio Manager of Core Alpha Strategy
      








Mr. Adam M. France CFA


      	Co-Portfolio Manager of Value Strategies
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact 1492 Capital Management, LLC, please visit www.1492capitalmanagement.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































1492 Capital Management - Value
















Contact Us  I  Legal Statement  I  ADV II




 











Home > Investment Strategies > Value Strategy

Value Strategy
Discovering Opportunities; 
Seeking Underpriced Up-and-Comers

The 1492 Capital Management value strategy starts with systematic, bottom-up research. 

Face-to-Face Meetings
We meet with many companies each week, gathering information about companies’ prospects for future growth, competitive positioning of their products, new product initiatives, cash flow generation to self-fund growth and changes in their cost structure. These meetings give us "real-time" data points we can use to develop themes that will provide companies a tailwind for growth.

Screening
Each week we run a screen of the small cap universe (for example, $300 million to $3 billion market capitalization).  We look for dividend paying companies with a strong balance sheet emphasizing tangible book value. We focus on their cash flow generation, dividend payout policy and ability to self-fund future growth. The screens include debt levels, insider ownership and financial ratios incorporating balance sheet oriented enterprise value. We are seeking companies that are trading below their intrinsic value, looking at both absolute and relative valuation. Finally, looking beyond the "headline" theme, we look for derivative themes that will benefit from the same economic tailwind with better valuation. 

The small cap value team is led by Rodney Hathaway. Rodney has been following small cap stocks for over 18 years as an analyst and portfolio manager.

 Small Cap Value Strategy Brochure - pdf     View the Small Cap Value Fact Sheet - pdf 


Thematic Investing From A Value Strategy Perspective 
Through individual company research and screening we develop “real-time” themes, which we believe will provide a catalyst for future revenue and earnings growth. As we look horizontally at competitors and vertically at the supply chain, we identify others positioned to capitalize on a given theme. 

Our thematic approach enables us to…

Focus our research efforts quickly
Identify companies meeting our valuation criteria and also have a catalyst for future growth and the realization of full value
More nimbly enter and exit positions due to the diversification it provides

Generally, we will buy a number of companies across a specific theme so as to diversify single company risk. Over time, we envision that the stocks related to a theme will outperform their industry peers due to superior valuation and that the theme will outperform the broader market. 

We are index aware but do not use an index to determine our sector weightings. Weightings are arrived at as a result of the individual stock selection that takes place due to our bottom-up research process. 

Security Selection 
Our process informs our selections. The goal is to select stocks that are trading below their intrinsic value, on a relative and absolute basis. 

We focus on companies with:

strong cash flow
paying a dividend
balance sheet strength supporting earnings growth
shareholder-friendly management
distinct competitive advantage in pricing or product(s)
a 40% margin of safety
a present catalyst to realize full valuation (e.g., change in management, product introduction, technology paradigm shift, M&A)

Only the companies that we believe have the best management, business model and valuation are chosen to go into the portfolio. Since we are taking advantage of owning a number of companies within a theme, individual stock position size generally does not exceed 3% of a diversified portfolio. 

We take a private market valuation approach to the public companies in which we wish to invest. The valuation process can be described by looking at the key aspects of each of the three important financial statements: income; balance sheet; cash flow.

Income Statement: 

normalized earnings – we consider a company’s peak/trough profitability throughout an entire market cycle and measure the current level’s distance from that level
a low enterprise value to sales ratio indicating downside protection when earnings are less predictable
enterprise value to ebitda indicating the true value of a company

Balance Sheet:

price to tangible book value – discount intangible assets such as goodwill
high cash balances and low debt

Statement of Cash Flow:

self funding growth
improving asset utilization to maximize earnings

Data from these three statements is used to “triangulate” a target price. This price then must be at least 40% below where we believe fair value for the stock is before a company is considered for inclusion in the portfolio.



Product
            1492 Small Cap Value
Market Cap
            In line with the Russell 2000 Index



 

Learn about our Growth Strategy >
Learn about our Core Alpha Strategy >


Learn about our Dynamic Hedge Strategy >
Learn about our Sell Discipline >


 

 
  














© 2017 1492 Capital Management, LLC   |   Policies & Terms   |   Site Requirements
 
 







1492 Capital Management LLC                                                                                              - Milwaukee                                         , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Milwaukee



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            1492 Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















1 


1492 Capital Management LLC                                                                                             



309 N WATER ST STE 505 MILWAUKEE, WI 53202
Get Directions



(414) 224-9160
www.1492capitalmanagement.com                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $580,000.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Joseph Frohna                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


1492 Capital Management, LLC is an independent investment advisory firm. 1492 Capital Management manages equity portfolios focused on small and micro stocks.









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







1

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















1492 Capital Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































1492 Capital Management, LLC


1492 Capital Management, LLC
(CRD# 148566) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Milwaukee, WI.
They
manage $148,266,423 in 106 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 3 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



1492 Capital Management, LLC




309 North Water Street, Suite 505,
Milwaukee,
WI
53202
414-276-1492









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

148
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

106
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,398,740







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




MA, PA, WI






Financial Advisors at 1492 Capital Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 4 of 4 top financial advisors.





1















Adam M. France



CRD#:
2921403



309 North Water Street, Suite 505,
Milwaukee,
WI
53202




96

Wealthminder
score








Adam France (CRD# 2921403) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
1492 Capital Management, LLC in Milwaukee, WI and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Duc R. Hathaway



CRD#:
2441358



309 North Water Street, Suite 505,
Milwaukee,
WI
53202




93

Wealthminder
score








Duc Hathaway (CRD# 2441358) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
1492 Capital Management, LLC in Milwaukee, WI and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Timothy T. Stracka



CRD#:
1241682



309 North Water Street, Suite 505,
Milwaukee,
WI
53202




93

Wealthminder
score








Timothy Stracka (CRD# 1241682) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
1492 Capital Management, LLC in Milwaukee, WI and has 
over 31 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Joseph A. Frohna



CRD#:
2545291



309 North Water Street, Suite 505,
Milwaukee,
WI
53202




31

Wealthminder
score








Joseph Frohna (CRD# 2545291) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
1492 Capital Management, LLC in Milwaukee, WI and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now




















1492 Capital Management, LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for 1492 Capital Management, LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about 1492 Capital Management, LLC

Company Information:Name:1492 Capital Management, LLCAddress:309 North Water StreetSuite 505Milwaukee, WI 53202Phone:(414) 276-1492Website:www.1492capitalmanagement.comCompany Products:Small Cap GrowthSmall Cap ValueSmall Cap CoreSmall Cap Dynamic Hedge


1492 Capital Management, LLC Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets



































 



Formation of 1492 Capital Management, LLC | Business Wire


























































Formation of 1492 Capital Management, LLC






November 07, 2008 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



MILWAUKEE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--A team of Milwaukee area investment professionals have joined together 
      to form 1492 Capital Management, LLC. The founding principals are Joseph 
      Frohna and Tim Stracka. The Hawthorne Group has partnered with 1492 
      Capital Management and has taken a minority equity ownership position.
    


      1492 Capital Management will provide investment advisory services to 
      institutional and private clients and initially intends to manage 
      investment products in the small capitalization sector of the public 
      equity market. There will be two primary investment strategies – 
      growth and value. The products include: Microcap, Small Cap Growth, SMID 
      Cap Growth, and Small Cap Value.
    

“We are very excited about the creation of 
      1492 Capital Management," said Joseph Frohna, Founding Principal. “We 
      have assembled a fabulous team of investment professionals with 
      extensive experience and success in small cap investing. Furthermore, we 
      are thrilled to be partnering with Hawthorne Group in launching our new 
      firm.”


“We are delighted to partner with 1492 Capital 
      Management,” stated John Hensler, Executive 
      Vice President, Hawthorne Group. "We have a long favorable investment 
      history with the principals of the firm. Their business acumen in the 
      money management industry is well demonstrated and they have a strong 
      track record of outperformance throughout an entire market cycle.”


      Rodney Hathaway will be leading the value portfolio management team. 
      Rodney’s unique dividend approach to small cap 
      value investing is well recognized for its consistency. Rodney stated, “Setting 
      sail with the team of investment professionals at 1492 Capital 
      Management is a spectacular opportunity. Our group of dedicated analysts 
      and portfolio managers possess the skills and experience that will 
      benefit our clients through both bull and bear markets.”


      The team of investment professionals includes:
    

      Joe Frohna is a Founding Principal of 1492 Capital Management and 
      Portfolio Manager of the Growth Strategy. Most recently, Joe was founder 
      and CEO of Cortina Asset Management and lead portfolio manager of the 
      Cortina Small Cap Growth Strategy.
    

      Tim Stracka is a Founding Principal of 1492 Capital Management and 
      Director of Institutional Sales. Tim’s career 
      covers over 20 years of institutional sales experience.
    

      Brian Andrew comes to 1492 as Chief Operating and Compliance Officer. 
      Brian has 20 years of experience managing money and investment advisory 
      businesses. Most recently, Brian served as President of Ziegler Company’s 
      money management subsidiary and mutual fund company.
    

      Rodney Hathaway joins 1492 as Portfolio Manager of the 1492 Small Cap 
      Value product. From 2001 to 2007, Rodney managed Heartland Advisors’ 
      Value Plus Fund.
    

      Rob Damron comes to 1492 as Co-Portfolio Manager of the 1492 Growth 
      Strategy. Rob most recently was owner and President of 21st 
      Century Equities, an independent equity research firm.
    

      Kevin Foll joins 1492 as Sr. Equity Analyst. Most recently, Kevin was a 
      long/short portfolio manager with Magnetar Capital, an $11 billion 
      global hedge fund.
    

About 1492 Capital Management, LLC


Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 1492 Capital Management, LLC 
      is a world-class, multi-strategy investment firm providing investment 
      advisory services to institutional and private clients. Currently, 
      the firm’s two investment strategies are 
      growth and value in the small capitalization sector of the public equity 
      market.


About Hawthorne Group


The Hawthorne Group, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has 
      generally focused its private company activities on controlling 
      investments in start-up and turn around businesses. Hawthorne 
      distinguishes itself from other venture capital firms in that they view 
      themselves as co-owners and partners rather than investors.





Contacts

      1492 Capital ManagementTim Stracka414-224-9160
    












Contacts

      1492 Capital ManagementTim Stracka414-224-9160
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 



1492 Capital Management Launches the 1492 Funds Mutual Fund Family 
































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




1492 Capital Management Launches the 1492 Funds Mutual Fund Family



Share Article


















1492 Capital Management, as investment adviser, today announced that it has launched a no-load family of mutual funds, the 1492 Funds, consisting of the 1492 Small Cap Growth Fund and the 1492 Small Cap Value Fund. The funds trade under the NASDAQ symbols of FNTGX and FNTVX, respectively.










Past News ReleasesRSS



Milwaukee, Wis. (PRWEB)
February 10, 2012
 1492 Capital Management, as investment adviser, today announced that it has launched a no-load family of mutual funds, the 1492 Funds, consisting of the 1492 Small Cap Growth fund and the 1492 Small Cap Value fund.  The funds trade under the NASDAQ symbols of FNTGX and FNTVX, respectively.
“We're really excited about launching these products.  These are institutional-style products with low minimum initial investment requirements that should appeal to many audiences,” said Joseph Frohna, Principal of and portfolio manager at 1492 Capital Management, LLC.  “We will be using our time-tested thematic approach to managing these funds as we've been doing for the majority of our investment careers,” he continued.  “Investors and advisers have been asking us for years for these products and we believe it’s a great time to be coming to market with these funds,” added Tim Stracka, Principal and Director of Institutional Sales.
Investments in the Small Cap Growth Fund are selected using a bottom-up fundamental process in conjunction with theme-based investing. Theme-based investing is used to emphasize industries and/or sectors of the economy that are believed to have better growth prospects than others.  Once a theme is identified and additional fundamental analysis is employed, the Adviser attempts to find individual stocks that will benefit from the theme. 
Investments in the Small Cap Value Fund are the result of a bottom-up thematic approach focusing on dividend paying small-cap companies with strong fundamentals and management teams.  Investments in the fund are selected by applying fundamental research including our proprietary valuation process referred to as “triangulation,” which incorporates financial criteria and ratios from three sources:   the balance sheet; income statement; and cash flow statement.   
The 1492 Small Cap Growth and Small Cap Value Funds are now available for new investments.  The minimum initial investment for each fund is $10,000 with subsequent minimums of $250.  The funds’ management fee is 1.00% with overall net expenses capped at 1.10% (1).  For more information, or to access the prospectus, SAI and an application to open an account, please visit http://www.1492Funds.com.
About 1492 Capital Management, LLC 
1492 Capital Management, LLC, headquartered in Milwaukee, is an investment advisor to a no-load family of mutual funds, the 1492 Funds, as well as to separately managed account clients. 1492 Capital Management, LLC employs a bottom-up thematic approach to investing. 
Additional Information
Nothing in this press release shall be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security to any person in any jurisdiction where such offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful prior to registration under the applicable securities laws. 
(1) Total annual fund operating expenses are estimated to be 1.93% before waivers/reimbursement. The Funds’ adviser contractually has agreed to waive its management fee and/or to reimburse expenses through March 31, 2013, as described in the funds’ prospectus.  This arrangement may not be terminated prior to this date except by the Board of Trustees.  The net expense ratio of 1.10% reflects this fee waiver/expense reimbursement.
You should carefully consider the investment objectives, potential risks, management fees, and charges and expenses of the Funds before investing. The Funds’ prospectus contains this and other information about the Funds, and should be read carefully before investing. You may obtain a current copy of the Funds’ prospectus by calling 1-877-571-1492. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Funds will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Generally, nano-cap, micro-cap, small-cap and less seasoned companies have more potential for rapid growth. They also often involve greater risk than large- or mid-cap companies, and these risks are passed on to the Funds.
Distributed by Unified Financial Securities, Inc., 2960 North Meridian Street, Suite 300,
Indianapolis, IN 46208. (Member FINRA)
###



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Tim Stracka
1492 Capital Management, LLC 877-571-1492
				Email >
			Mike Micciche
1492 Capital Management, LLC 877-571-1492
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center


