8tracks, Inc. Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > 8tracks, Inc.8tracks, Inc.cbEDITcbLocationSan Francisco, CARevenue$7mTotal Funding$9.06mFounded2008Employees40StageprivateCompany Website8tracks.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/8tracks, Inc.8tracks Radio provides the best music for any taste, time & place.Keywordsmedia and entertainment,music,internet radio,consumer internet,mobile8tracks, Inc.'s Executive TeamNameTitle Remi GabilletCTO, Co-FounderDavid PorterFounder & Chief Executive OfficerStephen ValentaDirector of Operations & FinanceLooking to contact 8tracks, Inc.?Request free trial for DataFox8tracks, Inc.'s Private Funding Rounds$9.06m TotalDateAmountInvestorsOct 2016$2mUnknownMay 2016$69.94kUnknownMar 2016UndisclosedUnknownWant to view and download all of 8tracks, Inc.'s funding rounds?VIEW FINANCIAL DATARecent Videos for 8tracks, Inc.Millionaire By 25 - David Porter Interview (Founder of 8tracks)I reached out to David for an interview via Twitter and he was kind enough to take some time and share some insightful information with the Mill By 25 commun...8tracks, Inc. CompetitorsPandora MediaPandora is free, personalized radio that plays music you'll love. Discover...SpotifySpotify is all the music you’ll ever need.TuneInTuneIn lets people listen to the world's sports, new, talk, and music with...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from 8tracks, Inc.No recent news on 8tracks, Inc. could be found.Submit recent news for 8tracks, Inc.Business Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

8TRACKS, INC. - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            8TRACKS, INC.
                                    



 





















8 


8TRACKS, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



192 ORCHARD ST APT 7B NEW YORK, NY 10002
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $110,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







8

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















8tracks Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























8tracks inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Media
8tracks Inc. provides Internet music services. The Company creates an Internet radio website that allows users to creates and listens to mix music playlist from other users. 8tracks serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

51 Sharon Street
San Francisco, CA 94114
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.8tracks.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	8TRACKS Trademark of 8tracks, Inc.. Serial Number: 77392831 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
8TRACKS










 
Get FREE email alerts













8TRACKS  Trademark Information
 8tracks, Inc.
Computer services in the nature of customized web pages featuring user-defined information, personal profiles and information; Hosting an online community web site featuring multimedia content, music, play lists, social networking in the field of music and information in the field of music; Providing temporary use of on-line non-downloadable software for users to share audio and multimedia content




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
services   nature   customized   web   pages   featuring   userdefined   information      personal   profiles   information   hosting   online   community   web   site   featuring   multimedia   content      music      play   lists       
                                    




This is a brand page for the 8TRACKS trademark by 8tracks, Inc. 
                                in San Francisco, CA, 94114.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this 8TRACKS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner 8tracks, Inc. of the 8TRACKS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the 8TRACKS trademark.
                           






On Friday, February 8, 2008,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        8TRACKS by 
                        8tracks, Inc., San Francisco, CA  94114.
                        The USPTO has given the 8TRACKS 
                        trademark serial  number of  77392831.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for 8TRACKS is 
                        
                        
                                            Diana M. Rutowski and Eileen Z. Aghnami of 
                                            Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP,  IP Prosecution Department, 2050 Main Street, Suite 1100 Irvine CA 92614-8255
                                .
                            The 8TRACKS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for 8TRACKS 
                            is Computer services in the nature of customized web pages featuring user-defined information, personal profiles and information; Hosting an online community web site featuring multimedia content, music, play lists, social networking in the field of music and information in the field of music; Providing temporary use of on-line non-downloadable software for users to share audio and multimedia content. 
                            





Word mark:
 8TRACKS


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

2/26/2015



  Serial Number:  
77392831


  Filing Date:  
2/8/2008


 Registration Number:  
3734754 


 Registration Date:  
1/5/2010


 Goods and Services: 
Computer services in the nature of customized web pages featuring user-defined information, personal profiles and information; Hosting an online community web site featuring multimedia content, music, play lists, social networking in the field of music and information in the field of music; Providing temporary use of on-line non-downloadable software for users to share audio and multimedia content


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/8/2008


Last Applicant/Owner:

8tracks, Inc.San Francisco, CA  94114
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Diana M. Rutowski and Eileen Z. Aghnami
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP
IP Prosecution Department
2050 Main Street, Suite 1100
Irvine CA 92614-8255





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
7/14/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
8/8/2008





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your 8TRACKS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/26/2015
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Diana M. Rutowski and Eileen Z. Aghnami


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of 8TRACKS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search 8tracks on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for 8TRACKS 




8TRACKS is providing Computer services in the nature of customized web pages featuring user-defined information, personal profiles and information; Hosting an online community web site featuring multimedia content, music, play lists, social networking in the field of music and information in the field of music; Providing temporary use of on-line non-downloadable software for users to share audio and multimedia content.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


























About | 8tracks radio





























































•••
Sign up
Log in







 













About
Team
Jobs

Media


Discovering music through people
Explore millions of playlists lovingly handcrafted by people like you.
8tracks was founded in 2006 by David Porter and launched on 8/8/08 by a small team working nights and weekends in New York, California, and France.
Team


About
Team
Jobs

Media








David Porter
David Porter is the CEO and founder of 8tracks.  Until 2006, he helped lead Live365, the pioneer of "social" internet radio, achieving profitability in 2005.  David wrote the plan for what's now 8tracks during business school at Berkeley, informed in large part by the DJ scene in London of the late 1990s.  His favorite band remains New Order.
  		

http://sampledandsorted.com/
http://8tracks.com/dp








Rémi Gabillet
Rémi Gabillet is the CTO and co-founder of 8tracks. After growing up and attending engineering school in Paris, Rémi moved to the Silicon Valley in 2003 to work with Live365, where he met David. Remi holds down 8tracks' infrastructure and keeps the team's wild product ideas in check.

http://8tracks.com/remi








Matthew Cieplak
Matthew is 8tracks' product architect for the website. He is also a music producer and DJ in Los Angeles in the year 2033.

http://soundcloud.com/extralifedisco
http://8tracks.com/datadebt








Michael Lovelady
Michael is a veteran in site optimization and is responsible for SEO and analytics at 8tracks. He is in love with music and spends his free time making beats and standing on his hands. His favorite band is The Roots.
http://8tracks.com/ml







Ann Sandoval
Ann has had travel, work and life experiences all over the world and has found her home at the 8tracks loft in San Francisco. As our People & Culture Manager, she leads all HR-related business, keeps daily operations running smoothly and strives to be 8tracks' Happiness Hero! She's solar powered and swears she can't burn, so she prefers to work from her sunlit workstation in the backyard and spend her summers in Ibiza. She's a risk-taker, but is deathly afraid of clowns, cockroaches and life without music.
8tracks.com/Bonanza







Samuel Peterson
Sam is a longtime user whose fanaticism for 8tracks borders on pathological but earned him a spot on the team as our Community Manager.
8tracks.com/sam_peterson







Maximillian Piras
Maximillian Piras is 8tracks' Senior Designer and an artist, & illustrator from New York City. He is a lifelong lover of all kinds of music & always searching for something new. He loves skateboarding & cinema. He also runs an experimental clothing brand called Lost Cat.
MXMLLN.com
8tracks.com/maximillian







Allison Li
Allison is Manager, Programmatic & Ad Partnerships at 8tracks, raised in SoCal but now residing in NYC. She enjoys traveling, iPhone photography, and food for pleasure. Volleyball is her lifelong passion. She would make it a full time job but unfortunately can't stack up to the Kerry Walshes of the world. Instead she'll stick to trafficking ads and helping grow the company's ad sales business.
8tracks.com/li-allison







Alan Poyer
Alan is the product marketing manager at 8tracks. Hailing from a music background, he’s passionate about the digital media ecosystem and bringing new ideas to life. To feed a voracious appetite for music, you’ll find him concocting mix sets, slow-roasting blog posts, and musicking long after dessert.
8tracks.com/awakingdream







Sam Filer
Sam is 8tracks' Director of Finance and Operations and resident Brit. He started out in the industry with Warner Music then worked in London as a CPA then private equity investor before moving to San Francisco to study for his MBA at UC Berkeley. He later worked in product at Zynga and led finance at Life360. Sam is a DJ hobbyist, loves a good kick drum, and has found his spiritual home at 8tracks!
http://8tracks.com/samfiler







Jesse Haw
Jesse is a Senior Account Executive in Toronto. He helps brands north of the border learn the ins and outs of 8tracks. After finishing art school, he jumped into advertising where he has helped luxury CPG and fashion clients. His taste in music ranges from Nirvana to Nas, Miles Davis to Thievery Corporation. On weekends, you can find him at a local cafe vicariously living through his spirit animal, the sloth.
8tracks.com/jessehaw







Orest Nazarewycz
Orest Nazarewycz is a software engineer from Alberta Canada. He lives to build software and absolutely loves every aspect of it. He has a deep appreciation for cinematography and cheesy 80’s action flicks. His music taste is about as random as his last name, you can typically find him listening to anything from 50’s swing to power metal and everything in between.
8tracks.com/samuelljackson




Advisors






Thomas Ryan
Tom Ryan is the CEO of skinnyCorp, a company that creates online communities and has helped popularize the phenomenon of crowdsourcing. SkinnyCorp's largest community is Threadless, a community-based t-shirt company with an ongoing open-call for design submissions. Prior to SkinnyCorp, Tom served as senior vice president of digital strategy globally at EMI Music. Previously, Tom held roles at Virgin Mobile USA, eMusic, and Cductive (an early digital music retailer that he co-founded and sold to eMusic).

http://thomasryan.typepad.com/
http://8tracks.com/whitechocolate








Rags Gupta
Based in London, Raghav "Rags" Gupta is Brightcove's VP of International Partnerships where he handles a number of Brightcove's sales and business development priorities focused on ramping the company's efforts in the UK and EU. He has also been responsible for the Company's music industry relationships. Rags advises investors and startups such as Mocospace and has worked with NPR, kSolo and others in the past. Prior to Brightcove, Rags served as the COO of Live365, the internet radio network.

http://www.ragsgupta.com/
http://8tracks.com/ragsgupta








Kate Imbach
Kate Imbach is the founder/organizer of Mobile Monday Boston, New York and Silicon Valley, and previously worked as VP of Marketing at Skyhook. She had a brief and disenchanting career in government affairs and incidentally holds a MPA from Suffolk University. Her favorite band is Portishead. 
http://8tracks.com/kate8







Ken Parks
Ken Parks is Chief Content Officer of Spotify and Managing Director of Spotify USA. He's previously served as Senior VP of Strategy and Business Development at EMI and as a senior manager at GetMusic and Reuters Group PLC. Ken earned his law degree from Columbia, and holds a bachelor's in electrical engineering from Lafayette College and a master's in electrical engineering from Lehigh University. He's a Sinatra man.







Kevin Arnold
Founder and CEO of IODA, Kevin guides the growth of one of the largest digital distributors of independent music in the world, combining his dedication to independents and his unique understanding of the digital music world to benefit IODA's global client base.  Kevin founded IODA in 2003 after spending time learning about databases at Oracle and guiding the growth and development of online music startup Listen.com. Kevin also directs Noise Pop Industries, which produces San Francisco's internationally renowned Noise Pop Festival, which he founded in 1993, as well as the Treasure Island Music Festival and other Bay Area cultural events.








Tony Zeoli
Tony Zeoli pioneered the broadcasting of DJ mix shows online through his long running, Netmix.com web site. He's managed the development of Internet products for the Epic Records division of Sony Music, 1-800 Flowers, Cablevision Systems Corp., the Associated Press and Entertainment Media Works. In his spare time, Tony rains 3-pointers from the top of the key on his opponents or uses his crossover dribble to drive to the hoop for a left handed lay-up off the glass. When he's not holding court on the hardwood, you can find him anchored to his MacBook Pro, sequencing the latest and greatest tech-house tracks with Ableton Live for his long running Netmix Global House Mix Show.

http://www.netmix.com/
http://8tracks.com/djtonyz








Dick Huey
Dick launched and led the New Media department at the Beggars Group (XL Recordings, 4AD, Matador Records, Rough Trade) from 1997 to 2001. He  licensed the Group’s groundbreaking digital catalog, and set the Group’s strategic direction. 
Toolshed, founded by Huey in 2001 in NYC, provides digital strategy, content licensing, and content acquisition consulting for major consumer brands, technology and entertainment companies, and digital music services. Toolshed also provides social media strategy, growth, and grassroots marketing services to an elite client base of over 350 entertainment clients, including The Civil Wars, MNDR, Ani DiFranco, Sufjan Stevens, The Arcade Fire, and Aimee Mann. 
He is a founding new media committee member of A2IM, a Future of Music board member, and a nine-year past board member representing Matador Records at Soundexchange. He has held advisory board roles at CASH Music, Tunecore, and RoyaltyShare and has managed the careers of music artists signed to Kill Rock Stars, Simple Machines, Beggars Banquet, and Glitterhouse Records. 







Fred McIntyre
Fred McIntyre is a seasoned digital media executive and advisor to startups.  McIntyre is currently the Head of Digital [Interim] at Fender Musical Instruments Corporation and the former CEO of awe.sm.  McIntyre has built his career working as a Senior Executive at CBS, AOL, Last.fm, Winamp, Spinner.com, VIBE & SPIN.  McIntyre is also currently an active Advisor to 8tracks, Mixcloud, SoundHound, Unified Social & Union Metrics.  McIntyre has done pioneering work in digital content distribution that has helped create and expand the markets for licensed music and video services.  McIntyre is a graduate of Duke University. 

http://8tracks.com/phredspin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/fredmcintyre








James Drake
James was the Director of Sales and responsible for monetizing 8tracks for years, and is now an advisor. He is a former ferry captain, mediocre Wikipedia contributor and appreciates a well timed one-liner. He has seen the Strokes six times live and his favorite show was LCD Soundsystem’s last performance before their faux retirement.
http://8tracks.com/jrake



Alumni






Gordon Cieplak
Gordon acted as 8tracks' Creative Director and a founding team member. He is an itinerant interactive designer, developer, and cognitive science enthusiast. During odd moments of focus, he and Tyler work on Views.fm. His favorite band is The Radio Dept.

http://grdn.cc
http://8tracks.com/gc








RJ Ciccaglione
RJ worked on product and branding at 8tracks. He has a bike, wants a dog and likes to drink champagne on the airplane.
http://rjcisme.com
http://8tracks.com/rjcisme







Garth Poitras
Garth was Director of Mobile at 8tracks. He has development experience on a wide range of platforms and works in user interface design and UX. Garth currently lives in San Francisco and enjoys sports, screen printing, and grilling.
http://8tracks.com/gdub22
http://garthpoitras.com







Stephan Florquin
Since picking up HTML at the age of 13, Stephan has acquired experience in a wide variety of domains such as web development, graphics programming, and compilers. Nowadays he spends most of his time doing ActionScript and Flex work, when he's not playing fretless bass or snowboarding that is. Oh yeah, he's also French.
http://8tracks.com/stephan







Rich Caetano
Richard Caetano is an international programming gun for hire, presently living in Paris. He led the mobile application development of 8tracks and has been instrumental in both interface design and back-end initiatives.

http://arsy.org/
http://8tracks.com/arsy








Juliet Kellogg
Juliet worked as 8tracks' Community Manager. After a couple of years managing social media for an enterprise software company, she realized she would love her job so much more if she could work for a product she was passionate about; luckily she found 8tracks. She spends her days making sure listeners and DJs are as happy as possible, and enjoys finding great clothes at thrift stores, cooking Instagram-worthy food, and brushing up on her Portuguese by listening to Brazilian music (rap when she's up for a challenge). 
http://8tracks.com/julesndiamonds







Corinne Rockoff

        Corinne answers email, manages social media, and does other odd jobs for 8tracks. She will eventually have graduated from Carnegie Mellon University, and when she's not working on that she enjoys playing with kittens and listening to indie rock.
      
http://8tracks.com/pocketrock







Jason Shellen
After leaving Google's New Business Development team in August 2007, Shellen founded Plinky, a seed-stage startup building a social media content encouragement system. As an employee of Pyra Labs, Shellen was part of Google's acquisition of Blogger in 2003. During his tenure at Google, Shellen became the founding product manager of Google Reader and holds patents on feed and social media technologies. Jason Shellen is a member of the RSS Advisory Board and advises a handful of start-ups.

http://shellen.com/
http://8tracks.com/jasonshellen








Nathan Jones
Nathan Jones has been active in the fields of interactive branding and UI design since before the Googles. He's overseen the creative implementation of one of the largest dating sites on the internet, the largest newspaper in Denmark, the largest failed cellular provider in the US, and the largest envelope-selling website in the history of mankind (among many, many other projects). You can find him in the club.
http://8tracks.com/nathanjones







Ed Samour
Ed is technology lead in charge of building award-winning Web sites for clients such as Vanity Fair, Ivanka Trump, and Continental Airlines. He brings over ten years of experience building Web applications that emphasize design and modern features to provide a great user experience.
  		
http://8tracks.com/es







Tyler Love
Tyler lives in Brooklyn with his wife and cat. He is a developer at Tumblr, co-founder of Views.fm with Gordon, and plays guitar and synth in French Miami.
tylr.org
http://8tracks.com/tylr







Philip McAllister
Philip McAllister is a mobile developer for 8tracks.  Since 1998 he has been building products for Internet based startups.  Philip is native Oklahoman, a CS graduate of the University of Tulsa and a recent transplant to Austin, TX.  For the past few years his favorite band has been LCD Soundsystem.
  		
http://mcalliph.com/
http://8tracks.com/mcalliph







Janine Cheviot
Janine handled Client Services for the 8tracks sales team. She lives in Brooklyn, loves music, pizza and California, and wishes she was best friends with Stevie Nicks.
http://8tracks.com/jneen







Martin Marconcini
Martin has been developing software for a very long time, from insurance companies to healthcare, where he had to learn the dark arts of dentistry in his own company. After seeing way too many pictures of teeth, and with the launch of the first iPhone SDK, he decided to turn to the mobile side of the force. He lived in Europe for over twelve years in the sunny Spain and now resides in San Francisco where he tries to play guitar and venture into the flight simulation world without much success. Martin worked on the Android application.
http://8tracks.com/neurus







Tyrel Williams
Tyrel runs the Customer Support side of things at 8tracks. When he's not helping 8tracks users, he enjoys practicing Kundalini Yoga, DJing out and about, and producing Acid House. 
http://8tracks.com/tyrel-williams







Chris O'Neil
Chris is an iOS engineer hailing from the rubber capital of the world.  He enjoys the simple things in life — watching sports with friends, local beer, and spending time with family.
8tracks.com/cconeil







Monica Semergiu
8tracks.com/romonika







Netto Farah
Netto is the brazilian groove at 8tracks codebase. After a few years fighting architects, managers and some other mystical creatures of the enterprise world, he decided it was about time to write code for something he's really passionate about. The music beats from 8tracks come in handy...
When not working on creative ways to integrate with the latest and greatest partner for 8tracks, Netto will be playing whack-a-mole with bugs on the website so you can always get the music magic. Still working out if he prefers working from San Fran HQ or a glorious South American beach.
http://8tracks.com/nettofarah







Dan Mohler
Dan is a media veteran from LA who built out sales teams for The Weather Channel, Launch/Yahoo and Fandango among others.  He is currently consulting for 8tracks, fostering relationships with studios, autos and tech companies.  In his spare time Dan is consumed by Lacrosse as a player, a coach, a parent of two boys who play and as President of the LA Chapter of US Lacrosse.   In high school Dan was a DJ for parties when Parliament, Brass Construction and the Isley Brothers ruled the dance floor.







Elizabeth Moody
Elizabeth is a digital media executive with years of experience advising large and small digital music and video services. Elizabeth is the Vice President of Content for StreamNation, Inc. Prior to that, Elizabeth was the Director of Content Strategy and Business Development for digital channels at OnCue, an innovative television service funded by Intel and sold to Verizon, and the Head of Music Partnerships at YouTube. Elizabeth serves as a member of the Board of the Grammy Foundation and is a member of the Digital Advisory Board of Jazz at Lincoln Center.







Chris Grant
Chris is a designer at 8tracks. He's a bit of a polymath, who likes to learn and juggle a variety of disciplines. Chris bikes around San Francisco and does photography around the city in his spare time.
http://8tracks.com/cgsofly







Drew Banin
Drew is a software developer interning with us for a few months. He recently moved to SF from Philly and doesn't really get microclimates. If he started a band, he would either call it "A Tribe Called ?uestlove" or "Fleetwood Mac Miller."
http://8tracks.com/DoctorRobert







Ian Lozinski
Ian is a full stack engineer at 8tracks. As a New Jersey native, he likes pizza, motorcycles, and laying down funky grooves on bass.
http://8tracks.com/snerddogg







Michelle Wu
Michelle spends her days delighting folks on email, Tumbling, writing social media posts, and working on 8tracks' college program. She is an avid fan of electronic music- mainly deep house and future garage. In her free time, she enjoys going to music shows, watching Adventure Time, and exploring the city.
http://8tracks.com/mmwu







Jason Waters
Jason has been given a number of unofficial titles by the team, his favorites being "Super Intern" and "Playlist Guru". He does various odd jobs in the realms of marketing, social media, and customer support at 8tracks and also occasionally attends Creative Writing courses at San Francisco State University. He plays drums in whatever band will have him. He likes electronic music and 90s indie rock and probably some other stuff too. His favorite artist is David Bowie.
http://8tracks.com/jasonwaterfalls







Bhuvan Teja
Bhuvan is a software developer who moved from India to San Francisco. He loves coding, food and beer.
8tracks.com/bhuvan-t







Josh Isenstein
Josh is a software developer interning with 8tracks before starting his senior year of college. Originally from Evanston, IL, he is a big fan of Chicago rappers, sports teams, pizza and hot dogs.
8tracks.com/jdi7







Stephen Valenta
Stephen drums up advertising revenue and organizes the finances. He studied music business and accounting at Belmont and Vanderbilt U's, then was a CPA at Deloitte for two years. After three months in Berlin, he speaks enough German to have fun, and he loves that so many weird Portland bands play in San Francisco.
      
http://8tracks.com/stepvale







Rory Smith
Rory does this and that, no one really knows. Then every so often he spurts out an Android update for everyone and people cheer. When he's not adding slick new features to the droids he likes playing his saxophone around midnight, in tune with the local alley cats. If you live in Bristol and listen veeery closely you might hear him one night, or catch a glimpse of his silhouette as he plays on the rooftops. 
8tracks.com/rory-smith-332







Annie Vainshtein
Annie is a journalism student from San Luis Obispo interning for the Marketing department over the summer. At any given time, you can find her wearing an egregiously oversized jacket her friends assured her "wasn't worth it". She will tell you what Myers-Briggs type you are whether you want to know or not, and she's spent more hours than she can count watching anime vaporwave skate videos. One day, she'd love to meet Kevin Drew. She has an outdoorsy complex and does not drink nearly enough water. She plans on planning to play drums sometime in the future.
8tracks.com/annievain







David Johnson-Igra
Before penning a music blog, David made cassette mixtapes for friends. When he's not consuming music, he's trying to satiate his burrito hunger. Today, he helps grow 8tracks' music community.
8tracks.com/thesfcritic







Michel Pigassou

      Michel moved from Paris, France, to work at 8tracks as a back-end developer. He used to play guitar a long time ago. Now he enjoys cooking and discovering new places in San Francisco.

      8tracks.com/dagnan







Monika Tesiorowski
Monika was born in Poland, raised in Vancouver, and is currently in her last year of uni at Concordia University in Montreal while helping support the 8tracks community as our Customer Support Intern. She speaks, reads, and writes four languages (Polish, English, French and Spanish), so feel free to send her any questions you may have! When she's not working hard for 8tracks or school, she can be found traveling the world.
http://8tracks.com/monikatski







Chris Tung
Chris is a UX consultant focused on growth and experimentation. He comes to San Francisco from Malaysia via the Midwest and East Coast. He likes R&B and soul, systems thinking, economics, creativity, Liverpool FC, trying new food and watching his kids grow up.
8tracks.com/noodlebot







Jonathan Barnes
Jonathan leads business development and partnership opportunities at 8tracks.  A former jazz and rock and roll musician, he fell in love with underground house and techno during a fateful trip to a small island in the Mediterranean over a decade ago.  After that he spent time in London as a DJ, and in New York as a management consultant, picking up a law degree in between.  He co-hosts a weekly dance radio show in the Bay Area, and spends most of his free time plotting how to locate and gain entrance to the afterhours for Cocoon's closing party in Ibiza each year.
      
http://8tracks.com/JonBarnes







Dominic Militello
Dominic is an Account Executive in the New York 8tracks loft. Armed with a gregarious personality and a creative edge, Dominic builds strong partnerships with leading brands. He has a passion for hip-hop, coffee. and anything related to his hometown of Buffalo, New York. On any given Sunday, you can find Dom tailgating before his beloved Bills take to the gridiron.
8tracks.com/dmilitello







Troy Keel
Troy is a Senior Account Executive in Los Angeles.  He brings top national brands and 8tracks together so we can continue to deliver 8tracks to you. When he's not working, you'll usually find him playing beach volleyball, at a live concert, or at a bar complaining about the fact that LA still doesn't have a pro football team.
8tracks.com/troykeel







Peter Bui
A herder of the ones and zeros, a Texas Longhorn, and a blisters on my fingers guitar player (because he doesn't practice enough). Peter likes to spend his time in the dark corner of backend coding and server operations while poking his head out every now and then to wrangle some Javascript. He loves rock and roll, with two servings of americana sunny side up, a side of hip hop, and a dash of indie.
      
http://paydrotalks.com
http://8tracks.com/paydro







Greg Korn
Greg is a designer and illustrator living in San Francisco. He does design and copywriting at 8tracks and pursues high-functioning dilettantism in his off-time.
      
http://8tracks.com/or2or3or4







Randy Khalil
Randy is a data analyst at 8tracks. An East Bay native, he studied international relations at a college somewhere in New Jersey, and is glad to be back in San Francisco. When he's not in the office, he can be found learning a dead language, enjoying samples at high-end grocery stores, or liking pictures of cats on Instagram.
http://8tracks.com/rkhalil







Neil Shankar
Neil is a designer/developer who works on frontend at 8tracks. He is currently a student at UC Berkeley, and is raising a kitten in his fraternity.
http://8tracks.com/neilshankar







Jono Kane
Jono Kane is a San Francisco-based User Experience Design nerd. He enjoys all forms of design/UI/UX/FEE, webdev, synthesizers, bikes, music production, photography, and his awesome dog.
8tracks.com/jonokane







Peter Buettner
Music and Audio have always been Peter's passion and he's thrilled to get back to his roots. Peter spent 10 years working for radio stations and recording studios in Germany, where he's originally from, and even had his own studio for a while. Since moving to San Francisco, he's dedicated his time to developing all kinds of audio codecs and surround sound technology (good times) and is 8tracks' VP of Engineering. In his free time, he enjoys spending time on the water (sailing, rowing, swimming), skiing in the winter, and making music of all sorts.
http://8tracks.com/oarheiljer







Andrea Slobodien
Andrea is a musician and recent college graduate. Hopeless romantic and lover of all things music, traveling, and languages. And pizza. .
http://8tracks.com/andreaslobodien







Jon Maples
Jon Maples is VP of Product for 8tracks. Previously he spent nearly a decade building product and audience at the streaming music service Rhapsody, and helped build several digital media services, including stints at extinct companies like Red Herring and Netscape. 
8tracks.com/jmaples42







Dustin Stansbury
Dustin hails from Asheville NC, the land of mountains, waterfalls, and beer. He recently received his PhD from UC Berkeley in something to do with neurons and statistics. He is now the primary Data Scientist for 8tracks. When not crunching numbers for the team, he's running, contributing to his nerdtastic blogs, or eating tacos in the Mission.
theclevermachine.wordpress.com
dustinstansbury.net
corrcoef.net
8tracks.com/boynameddustin







Duncan Smith
Duncan is a human experience engineer from Birmingham. He enjoys solving problems, and to his delight has discovered that people will pay him to do so under the pretense of writing code. He hopes to one day automate himself out of a job. His non-working hours are spent with his partner and son. Duncan is happier outside than in, unless it's cold.
8tracks.com/notduncansmith







Evan Falciani
Evan is an Account Executive for the New York office, and comes from the Jersey Shore (yes, that Jersey Shore). Just like every Jersey resident, he believes Bruce Springsteen is the chosen one. While he is not eating up every word the Boss writes, you can find him listenings to any kind of Folk, from Dawes to Dylan.
8tracks.com/efalcia







Matt Mayers
Matt is an Android Engineer from Indiana. His free time is spent learning as much as possible and jumping out of airplanes. He likes to find ways technology can augment his life, not dominate it.
8tracks.com/mmayers-523







Michael Todd
Michael is our Social Media Manager who had never had guacamole until this year despite growing up in NYC. In his free time he enjoys being a video game developer, pretending he is good at pool, and petting dogs even though he is allergic.
8tracks.com/mtodd2016







Doug Hoenig
Doug is a Senior Account Executive in Chicago. He was born and raised in Davenport, IA and ventured off to Iowa City to attend Univ of Iowa and majored in Journalism and Art. #GOHAWKEYES. Chicago has been his home ever since, where he's worked in the digital media industry for 10+ years, at such places as E! Online, CBSi Music/Last.fm, Crisp Mobile and most recently, SFX Entertainment. Music is a huge passion of his, bringing him to at least three festivals a year and many more shows. ACL/Austin City Limits is his favorite festival thus far and he's attended it the past 8 years. He's happy to be joining 8tracks and keep his passion for music and digital media combined as he's done in the past.
      
8tracks.com/doughoenig







Dave Smith
David Smith is the VP of Sales of 8tracks.  David has held leadership positions with One Mobile, a Media General Company, Amobee, ThinkNear, InMobi, and Millennial Media where he’s lead revenue, strategy, product, and team development duties.  As a veteran of digital media he has served key roles in successful early stage startups developing go-to-market sales strategy and driving revenue.  David’s day to day revolves around helping brands construct engaging programs on 8tracks, and scaling the efforts of the sales team.
8tracks.com/david2smith







Ethan Jud
Ethan is an iOS engineer who moved from Maine to San Francisco. He loves playing the fiddle, swing dancing, and local craft beer.
http://8tracks.com/ethan8j







Kelley Scanlon
Kelley is a software engineer who grew up in NH on her goat farm.  She loves cheese, craft beer, and model train set enthusiasts.
http://8tracks.com/kscandalous







Anders Newman
Anders is a designer working out of the New York office. He previously designed collateral for aspiring musicians as well as for the publishing industry. Born and raised in Kansas City, he consequently has a deep appreciation for jazz, fountains and barbecue. Besides his keen interest in history and exploring what makes people tick, Anders is especially passionate about all kinds of music, art and skateboarding.
8tracks.com/andersnewman







Katelyn Stone
Katelyn is 8tracks' Senior Account Manager in the New York office and hails from Brooklyn. All things Halloween, yoga, and discovering new music on 8tracks are some of her favorite pastimes. Some artists she could listen to at any moment include Jay-Z, A Tribe Called Quest, and The Roots.
http://8tracks.com/KateStone







Take 8tracks to-go with our mobile apps
Don't see your platform? Check out our apps page for even more ways to listen.



Keep up with 8tracks across the web:

   Read our Blog
   Like us Facebook
   Follow us on Twitter

   Check out our Tumblr
   View us on Instagram
   Follow us on Pinterest



Press

TIME names 8tracks one of the best websites of 2011 


When it comes to finding new music, 8tracks has long been one of the cooler methods


8tracks has slowly and steadily emerged as the industry's reigning Internet mixtape startup


8tracks takes a fun approach to creating custom mixes with the idea being that user-crafted music programming is more entertaining than algorithm-generated lists 


Playlists could be free music's killer app


Remember the old mixtape days where you would draw a picture or write a witty note inside? It's gone digital.


8tracks can take the human intelligence that is contained in all of those playlists and do something interesting

— Fred Wilson (A VC)

A free, legal music service we love



8tracks has also been featured in TechCrunch, Lifehacker, and The Inquisitr.





























 








































 













 


Top 5 8tracks, Inc. competitors in the music and radio IndustryCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > By Competitor > 8tracks, Inc.8tracks, Inc.cbcbLocationSan Francisco, CARevenue$7mTotal Funding$9.06mFounded2008Employees40StageprivateCompany Website8tracks.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/8tracks, Inc.8tracks Radio provides the best music for any taste, time & place.Top 5 8tracks, Inc. CompetitorsPandora MediaEstimated Revenue$1.2bEmployees2,500LocationOakland, CAbroadcasting,video streaming,navigation,musicPandora is free, personalized radio that plays music you'll love. Discover new
music and enjoy old favorites. Start with your favorite artist, song or composer
and Pandora will...  read more create a custom station that plays similar tracksSpotifyEstimated Revenue$600mEmployees1,600LocationStockholm, Swedencloud computing,video streaming,music,music servicesSpotify is all the music you’ll ever need.TuneInEstimated Revenue$35mEmployees190LocationSan Francisco, CAmusic,news,internet radio,mobileTuneIn lets people listen to the world's sports, new, talk, and music with over
100,000 real radio stations and four million on-demand programs streaming from
every continent...  read more. TuneIn has over 50 million monthly active users, and is
available on over 200 different connected devices, including all smartphone and
tablet operating systems and 55 vehicle models. To date, TuneIn has raised
venture funding from Institutional Venture Partners (IVP), Sequoia Capital,
Google Ventures, General Catalyst Partners, and Jafco Ventures, and is
headquartered in Palo Alto, CaliforniaSongzaEstimated Revenue$6mEmployees40LocationNew York, NYmusic,digital media,social media,streamingSongza predicts what you're doing or feeling and then serves an expertly-curated
playlist designed to make it better. Songza offers playlists for improving
activities such as...  read more waking up, working out, commuting, concentrating, unwinding,
entertaining, and sleeping. Songza’s team of music experts is comprised of
journalists, critics, DJs, ethnomusicologists and musicians. Songza has been
named one of the App Store Best of 2012 by Apple, one of Time's Best Android
Apps of 2013, and one of Fast Company's 2013 Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in
MusicSoundCloudPrivate funding raised$299.32mEmployees550LocationBerlin, Germanyart,applications,music,independent musicSoundCloud is an audio platform that lets you listen to what you love and share
the sounds you create.Sign up to search and download lists of companies like 8tracks, Inc.Request DemoSignals from 8tracks, Inc.Start trial to view news on 8tracks, Inc..Start tracking companiesBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service