


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights










































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.34
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.08
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								6.82%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1082,
1082,
935
and 
677
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Tue Jul 25 08:08:18 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 












Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 

 









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 


























































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.75					
as of 07/24/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/24/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/24/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.

















































































































































Investments | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 





















































































 









































Products | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 













































Closex
 


























 









































The Capital Advantage | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 























Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                  MY ACCOUNTS 
                 See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                  INVESTMENTS 
                 See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                  INSIGHTS 
                 See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                  PRODUCTS 
                 See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                  PLANNING 
                 See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                  SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                 See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  






























The Capital Advantage










The Capital Advantage℠ Can Help You Pursue Greater Wealth 
























The difference between financial success and shortfall can hinge on the selection of an investment manager. The evidence shows American Funds equity funds have a long history of outpacing the market and helping investors achieve their objectives.








Don’t Settle for Average














  





American Funds has a track record of superior returns. Our equity-focused funds have consistently added value over a variety of market cycles and have outpaced their indexes the majority of the time.







READ















 The Equity-Focused American Funds Have a Long History of Outpacing the Market  Our Investment Management Has Provided Investors With an Advantage  





    





Data from published sources were calculated internally.1 


















 Related Insights 























Q&A: Why We Believe You Can Beat the Index
Results: Beating the First Index Fund Over Its Lifetime













Think it’s a Matter of Luck? Think Again
Video: Why Settle for Average?





















Be Selective














  





The selection of funds that meet key criteria can be crucial in portfolio construction. Look for low fees and high manager ownership. Together, those traits can be a powerful combination for investors. 







READ















 Characteristics of Core Funds That Added Value  Two Screens Can Help Sharpen Your Search  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.2



















Why It Matters 














  






The selection of an investment manager with a proven track record of consistently outpacing the broad market is crucial. The right decision can transform long-term investment outcomes and make the difference between financial success and shortfall. 







READ















 The Capital Advantage Can Be the Difference Between Success and Shortfall  Equity-Focused American Funds Provided a Significant Advantage for Investors  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.3



















1Numbers of periods are based on rolling monthly data for all funds — reducing entry- and exit-point bias and better reflecting the range of entry points experienced by investors. American Funds represents 17 equity-focused funds, in aggregate: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Mutual Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, EuroPacific Growth Fund, Fundamental Investors, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, SMALLCAP World Fund and Washington Mutual Investors Fund. For each fund’s comparable index/index blend, see Methodology. Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.
2Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data. Based on monthly returns from January 1996 to December 2015. U.S. funds are those in the Morningstar Large Value, Large Blend and Large Growth categories. U.S. index is S&P 500. International funds are those in the Morningstar Foreign Large Value, Foreign Large Blend and Foreign Large Growth categories. International index is MSCI ACWI ex USA. The indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. Unless otherwise indicated, all distributions were reinvested.
3Based on monthly returns net of fees. Average annualized returns include withdrawals. See Appendix for methodology.










































 Replace Myths With Facts 










Take a second look at some common misperceptions about index investing.
Myth 1: You Can’t Beat the Index
Myth 2: Index Funds Are Safer










  The Select Investment Scorecard  





  





Use this scorecard to see how a group of Select Equity funds has, on average, outpaced the index over one-, three-, five-, and 10-year rolling periods.










About American Funds




 The Capital SystemSM: Our Proven, Decades-Long Approach We believe in a smarter way of investing — one that combines individuality and teamwork to help investors meet their goals. 
 


























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 


Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.











































Closex
 
































Mutual Funds: Equity Income Fund | AB




































































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  












 
AB Equity Income Fund 
								 









Daily Price
as of










share


Email


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn










 




overview


performance


peer comparison


holdings


characteristics


distribution




 

 

RISKS TO CONSIDER

Market Risk: The market values of the portfolio’s holdings rise and fall from day to day, so investments may lose value.
Foreign (Non-US) Risk: Non-US securities may be more volatile because of political, regulatory, market and economic uncertainties associated with such securities. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect the value of the investment or reduce returns. These risks are magnified in emerging or developing markets.
Derivatives Risk: Investing in derivative instruments such as options, futures, forwards or swaps can be riskier than traditional investments, and may be more volatile, especially in a down market.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund/Portfolio carefully before investing. For copies of our prospectus or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, click here or contact your AB representative. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 
The [A/B] logo is a registered service mark of AllianceBernstein and AllianceBernstein® is a registered service mark used by permission of the owner, AllianceBernstein L.P.
Investment Products Offered: 
Are Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value | Are Not Bank Guaranteed
Check the background of AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck
 
















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 


























AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:08 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as financial, company's ability to perform in the future, including earnings growth, prospective cash flows, dividend growth and growth in book value, intrinsic economic values, and their current stock prices to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the perfo...
AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as financial, company's ability to perform in the future, including earnings growth, prospective cash flows, dividend growth and growth in book value, intrinsic economic values, and their current stock prices to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Value Index. It conducts in-house research to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Growth and Income Fund. AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund was formed on July 1, 1932 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105United StatesFounded in 1932



Phone: 212 486 5800

Fax: 212-969-2293

www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Core/Growth_and_Income.htm?sharec







Key Executives for AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund




Mr. Robert M. Keith


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Joseph J. Mantineo


      	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Funds
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Philip L. Kirstein


      	Senior Vice President and Independent Compliance Officer
      


Age: 71
        







Ms. Emilie D. Wrapp


      	Secretary
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Stephen Woetzel


      	Controller
      


Age: 45
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund, please visit www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Core/Growth_and_Income.htm?sharec.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Mutual Funds: Growth & Income Fund | AB




































































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  












 
AB Relative Value Fund 
								 


									(Formerly Growth & Income Fund)
								








Daily Price
as of










share


Email


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn










 




overview


performance


peer comparison


holdings


characteristics


distribution




 

 

RISKS TO CONSIDER

Market Risk: The market values of the portfolio’s holdings rise and fall from day to day, so investments may lose value.
Foreign (Non-US) Risk: Non-US securities may be more volatile because of political, regulatory, market and economic uncertainties associated with such securities. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect the value of the investment or reduce returns. These risks are magnified in emerging or developing markets.
Sector/Industry Risk: Investing a substantial amount of assets in fewer economic sectors may be more volatile than more diversified strategies. Economic or market conditions affecting a particular sector could have a major impact on the portfolio’s value.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund/Portfolio carefully before investing. For copies of our prospectus or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, click here or contact your AB representative. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 
The [A/B] logo is a registered service mark of AllianceBernstein and AllianceBernstein® is a registered service mark used by permission of the owner, AllianceBernstein L.P.
Investment Products Offered: 
Are Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value | Are Not Bank Guaranteed
Check the background of AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck
 
















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 
























AUIYX Profile | AB Equity Income Fund, Inc. - A Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 1 hr 22 minsS&P Futures2,474.25+5.75 (+0.23%)Dow Futures21,581.00+82.00 (+0.38%)AB Equity Income Advisor (AUIYX)Nasdaq - Nasdaq Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist28.52-0.05 (-0.18%)At close:  8:00PM EDTPeople also watchMYHAXAUIAXLSSCXCBBYXCHCYXSummaryConversationsProfileHoldingsHistorical DataPerformanceRiskPurchase infoAB Equity Income AdvisorAllianceBernstein L.P.1345 Avenue Of The AmericasNew York NY 10105800-227-4618Management InformationJoseph Gerard Paul,Lead Manager since August 31, 2010Chief Investment OfficerUS Value Equities
Joseph Gerard Paul was appointed Chief Investment Officer for US Value Equities in 2009. Paul was previously CIO of Small & Mid-Cap Value (20022008) and co-CIO of Real Estate Investments (20042008). Paul joined the firm in 1987 as a research analyst covering the automotive industry, and was named to the Institutional Investor All-America Research Team every year from 1991 through 1996. Before joining the firm, he worked at General Motors in marketing and product planning. Paul holds a BS from the University of Arizona and an MS from the Massachusetts Institute of Technologys Sloan School of Management. Location: New YorkMorningstar Style BoxYahoo partners with Morningstar a leading market research and investment data group to help investors rate and compare funds on Yahoo Finance. The Morningstar Category is shown next to the Morningstar Style Box which identifies a fund's investment focus, based on the underlying securities in the fund.Morningstar CategoryWhile the investment objective stated in a fund's prospectus may or may not reflect how the fund actually invests, the Morningstar category is assigned based on the underlying securities in each portfolio. Morningstar categories help investors and investment professionals make meaningful comparisons between funds. The categories make it easier to build well-diversified portfolios, assess potential risk, and identify top-performing funds. We place funds in a given category based on their portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. If the fund is new and has no portfolio history, we estimate where it will fall before giving it a more permanent category assignment. When necessary, we may change a category assignment based on recent changes to the portfolio.Fund OverviewCategoryLarge ValueFund FamilyAllianceBernsteinNet Assets712.48MYTD Return6.97%Yield2.49%Morningstar Rating★★Inception DateSep 30, 1996Fund OperationsLast Dividend0.20Last Cap Gain0.00Holdings Turnover81.00%Average for CategoryN/AFees & ExpensesExpenseAUIYXCategory AverageAnnual Report Expense Ratio (net)0.76%1.06%Prospectus Net Expense Ratio0.76%N/AProspectus Gross Expense Ratio0.76%N/AMax 12b1 FeeN/AN/AMax Front End Sales LoadN/A5.25%Max Deferred Sales LoadN/A1.88%3 Yr Expense Projection243N/A5 Yr Expense Projection422N/A10 Yr Expense Projection942N/AYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)









AB Equity Income Fund Advisor Class (AUIYX) Fund Performance and Returns








































Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 












AB Equity Income Fund Advisor Class
 AUIYX


Fund Family DataAdd to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData DefinitionData QuestionQuoteChartFund AnalysisPerformanceRatings & RiskManagementStewardshipPortfolioExpenseTaxPurchaseFilingsTotal ReturnsInvestor Returns










Collapsed View
Expanded View



Compare







Enter Tickers




Add








Add Benchmark


Morningstar Indices


U.S. Market TR



					Value
				



							U.S. Value TR
						



							Small Value TR
						



							Mid Value TR
						



							Large Value TR
						





					Core
				



							U.S. Core TR
						



							Small Core TR
						



							Mid Core TR
						



							Large Core TR
						





					Growth
				



							U.S. Growth TR
						



							Small Growth TR
						


Mid Growth TR


Large Growth TR





					U.S. Small Cap TR
				



					U.S. Mid Cap TR
				


U.S. Large Cap TR


Dividend Leaders TR


Wide Moat Focus 20 TR



					Information Sup. Sector TR
				


Manufacturing Sup. Sector TR


Service Sup. Sector TR





			US Indices
		



					DJ Industrial Avg. TR
				



					S&P 500 TR
				



					S&P MidCap 400 TR
				



					NASDAQ Composite TR
				



					Russell 2000 TR
				





			Canada
		



					S&P/TSX Composite TR
				



					S&P/TSX 60 PR
				



					S&P/TSX Venture Composite PR
				





			Europe
		


DJ Stoxx 50 TR EUR



					Euronext BEL 20 PR (BEL)
				



					Euronext Paris CAC 40 TR (FRA)
				



					FTSE 100 TR (GBR)
				



					FTSE 250 TR (GBR)
				



					FSE DAX TR (DEU)
				





			Asia
		



					Nikkei 225 PR (JPN)
				



					Shanghai SE Composite PR (CHN)
				



					CSI 300 CNY
				



					Hang Seng HSI PR HKD
				


S&P/ASX 200 TR





			South Africa
		



					FTSE/JSE All Share Capped TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE All Share SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 NR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE All Africa Ex South Africa ZAR



					FTSE/JSE All Share TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE SA Listed Property TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Small Cap TR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE Financials&Indl TR ZAR


FTSE/JSE SA Industrials TR ZAR



					FTSE/JSE SA Resources TR ZAR
				





			Primary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					S&P 500 TR USD
				





			Secondary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					N/A
				





			Analyst Assigned Benchmark
		



					Russell 1000 Value TR USD
				



 

Add Morningstar Category

Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Allocation--85%+ Equity
Bank Loan
Bear Market
China Region
Commodities Agriculture
Commodities Broad Basket
Commodities Energy
Commodities Industrial Metals
Commodities Precious Metals
Communications
Consumer Cyclical
Consumer Defensive
Convertibles
Corporate Bond
Diversified Emerging Mkts
Diversified Pacific/Asia
Emerging Markets Bond
Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond
Energy Limited Partnership
Equity Energy
Equity Precious Metals
Europe Stock
Financial
Foreign Large Blend
Foreign Large Growth
Foreign Large Value
Foreign Small/Mid Blend
Foreign Small/Mid Growth
Foreign Small/Mid Value
Global Real Estate
Health
High Yield Bond
High Yield Muni
India Equity
Industrials
Inflation-Protected Bond
Infrastructure
Intermediate Government
Intermediate-Term Bond
Japan Stock
Large Blend
Large Growth
Large Value
Latin America Stock
Leveraged Net Long
Long Government
Long-Short Credit
Long-Short Equity
Long-Term Bond
Managed Futures
Market Neutral
Mid-Cap Blend
Mid-Cap Growth
Mid-Cap Value
Miscellaneous Region
Miscellaneous Sector
Money Market - Tax-Free
Money Market - Taxable
Multialternative
Multicurrency
Multisector Bond
Muni California Intermediate
Muni California Long
Muni Florida
Muni Massachusetts
Muni Minnesota
Muni National Interm
Muni National Long
Muni National Short
Muni New Jersey
Muni New York Intermediate
Muni New York Long
Muni Ohio
Muni Pennsylvania
Muni Single State Interm
Muni Single State Long
Muni Single State Short
Natural Resources
Nontraditional Bond
Option Writing
Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk
Preferred Stock
Real Estate
Short Government
Short-Term Bond
Single Currency
Small Blend
Small Growth
Small Value
Stable Value
Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Static Allocation--85%+ Equity
Static Intermediate Bond
Static Large Blend
Static Large Growth
Static Large Value
Static Mid-Cap Equity
Static Non US Equity
Static Short-Term Bond
Static Small-Cap Equity
Static US Government
Tactical Allocation
Target-Date 2000-2010
Target-Date 2015
Target-Date 2020
Target-Date 2025
Target-Date 2030
Target-Date 2035
Target-Date 2040
Target-Date 2045
Target-Date 2050
Target-Date 2055
Target-Date 2060+
Target-Date Retirement
Technology
Trading--Inverse Commodities
Trading--Inverse Debt
Trading--Inverse Equity
Trading--Leveraged Commodities
Trading--Leveraged Debt
Trading--Leveraged Equity
Trading--Miscellaneous
Ultrashort Bond
Utilities
Volatility
World Allocation
World Bond
World Large Stock
World Small/Mid Stock
 



Clear All

									Recent Securities & Benchmarks (max. active = 5)








Customize Interactive Chart
Growth of 10,000



 
 















							Trailing Total Returns
 AUIYX



							Daily

							Monthly

							Quarterly



















Quarterly & Monthly Total Returns
 AUIYX



							Quarterly

							Monthly










										S&P 500 index data: S&P 500 Copyright © 2017Currency is displayed in USD.
Italics indicate Extended Performance. Extended performance is an estimate based on the performance of the fund's oldest share class, adjusted for fees.
        			




							Trailing Investor Returns
 AUIYX



							Monthly

							Quarterly






						Currency is displayed in USD.


 

  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.












 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 




  AUICX Quote - AB Equity Income Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  AB Equity Income Fund Inc   AUICX:US   NASDAQ GM        27.89USD   0.05   0.18%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   24.22 - 27.94    1 Yr Return   10.97%    YTD Return   8.25%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   27.94    52Wk Range   24.22 - 27.94    1 Yr Return   10.71%    YTD Return   8.25%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Value Broad Market    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   27.89    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/24/2017)   707.958    Inception Date   10/27/1993    Last Dividend (on 06/06/2017)   0.1213    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   1.74%    Fund Managers   CHRISTOPHER W MARX "CHRIS" / JOSEPH GERARD PAUL    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   1.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   1.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.55%    Expense Ratio   1.73%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        INTC:US   Intel Corp    784.55 k 28.33 m 3.99      MO:US   Altria Group Inc    369.84 k 27.90 m 3.93      HPQ:US   HP Inc    1.44 m 27.03 m 3.80      ETN:US   Eaton Corp PLC    330.24 k 25.55 m 3.60      JNJ:US   Johnson & Johnson    194.90 k 25.00 m 3.52      MSFT:US   Microsoft Corp    343.86 k 24.02 m 3.38      PM:US   Philip Morris International In    189.99 k 22.76 m 3.20      PFE:US   Pfizer Inc    641.50 k 20.94 m 2.95      WFC:US   Wells Fargo & Co    385.83 k 19.73 m 2.78      MCD:US   McDonald's Corp    122.73 k 18.52 m 2.61           Profile   AB Equity Income Fund Inc is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is current income and long-term growth. The Fund pursues current income and capital appreciation from all industry sectors.    Address  Alliance Funds1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105   Phone  1-800-227-4618   Website   www.alliancebernstein.com              AUIAX Profile | AB Equity Income Fund, Inc. - C Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 1 hr 22 minsS&P Futures2,474.25+5.75 (+0.23%)Dow Futures21,581.00+82.00 (+0.38%)AB Equity Income A (AUIAX)Nasdaq - Nasdaq Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist28.26-0.05 (-0.18%)At close:  8:00PM EDTPeople also watchABASXAWPAXCABDXCABNXAGDAXSummaryConversationsProfileHoldingsHistorical DataPerformanceRiskPurchase infoAB Equity Income AAllianceBernstein L.P.1345 Avenue Of The AmericasNew York NY 10105800-227-4618Management InformationJoseph Gerard Paul,Lead Manager since August 31, 2010Chief Investment OfficerUS Value Equities
Joseph Gerard Paul was appointed Chief Investment Officer for US Value Equities in 2009. Paul was previously CIO of Small & Mid-Cap Value (20022008) and co-CIO of Real Estate Investments (20042008). Paul joined the firm in 1987 as a research analyst covering the automotive industry, and was named to the Institutional Investor All-America Research Team every year from 1991 through 1996. Before joining the firm, he worked at General Motors in marketing and product planning. Paul holds a BS from the University of Arizona and an MS from the Massachusetts Institute of Technologys Sloan School of Management. Location: New YorkMorningstar Style BoxYahoo partners with Morningstar a leading market research and investment data group to help investors rate and compare funds on Yahoo Finance. The Morningstar Category is shown next to the Morningstar Style Box which identifies a fund's investment focus, based on the underlying securities in the fund.Morningstar CategoryWhile the investment objective stated in a fund's prospectus may or may not reflect how the fund actually invests, the Morningstar category is assigned based on the underlying securities in each portfolio. Morningstar categories help investors and investment professionals make meaningful comparisons between funds. The categories make it easier to build well-diversified portfolios, assess potential risk, and identify top-performing funds. We place funds in a given category based on their portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. If the fund is new and has no portfolio history, we estimate where it will fall before giving it a more permanent category assignment. When necessary, we may change a category assignment based on recent changes to the portfolio.Fund OverviewCategoryLarge ValueFund FamilyAllianceBernsteinNet Assets712.48MYTD Return6.87%Yield2.28%Morningstar Rating★★Inception DateOct 17, 1993Fund OperationsLast Dividend0.18Last Cap Gain0.00Holdings Turnover81.00%Average for CategoryN/AFees & ExpensesExpenseAUIAXCategory AverageAnnual Report Expense Ratio (net)1.02%1.06%Prospectus Net Expense Ratio1.01%N/AProspectus Gross Expense Ratio1.01%N/AMax 12b1 Fee0.25%N/AMax Front End Sales Load4.25%5.25%Max Deferred Sales LoadN/A1.88%3 Yr Expense Projection733N/A5 Yr Expense Projection959N/A10 Yr Expense Projection1,609N/AYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights










































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.34
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.08
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								6.82%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1082,
1082,
935
and 
677
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Stock mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard stock funds


93% of our low-cost stock mutual funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Give your money a chance to grow over the long term
Get higher potential for investment growth



Stock mutual funds aim to provide long-term growth, unlike bond funds, which focus on income. In exchange for more growth, however, you're likely to experience more ups and downs in the value of your investment.

Increase diversification in your portfolio



A stock fund could give you access to hundreds—sometimes thousands—of stocks, which spreads out risk more than owning individual stocks.

Get broad exposure to the stock markets



You can use just a few funds to complete the stock portion of your portfolio. Each of these index funds gives you access to a wide variety of stocks in a single, diversified fund.

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund holds more than 3,000 domestic stocks.

Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund holds more than 5,500 non-U.S. stocks.


Get details on Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund

Get details on Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund


How to choose a stock fund



Here are a few questions to ask yourself while you're considering the right Vanguard stock fund for your portfolio:

How do stock mutual funds differ from one another?



When looking for a stock fund, consider these two characteristics:

Investing style. In general, stock funds invest in value stocks, growth stocks, or a blend of the two.

Capitalization. Stock funds also choose investments based on the size, or capitalization, of a company. Companies are considered either small-, mid-, or large-cap.


See a complete list of Vanguard stock funds


Do I want domestic or international stocks?








Investing in both U.S. and international stock funds can add another level of diversification to an already well-balanced portfolio.

Would I prefer index or active funds?



Do you feel more comfortable tracking the market, or would you rather try to beat it?

Index funds try to track the performance of a specific market benchmark.

Actively managed funds are steered by our expert portfolio managers who select specific securities for the fund. While actively managed funds give you a chance to beat the benchmark, they can also underperform.


Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds


Should I focus on a specific industry?



You can choose a fund that invests solely in a specific sector of the market, like health care, technology, or telecommunications.But remember, these funds have a very narrow focus and expose you to more risk. Sector and specialty funds should only be used to supplement an already diversified portfolio.
See a list of Vanguard sector & specialty funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Bond funds

Balanced funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Stock mutual funds







Stock mutual funds invest in securities that represent part ownership in publicly traded companies.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Value stock fund







A mutual fund that focuses on stocks from companies that are typically found in low-growth or mature industries, often produce higher and more regular dividend income, and sell at discounted prices.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Growth stock fund







A mutual fund that focuses on stocks from companies that are expected to experience higher-than-average profitable growth because of their strong earnings and revenue potential.Growth stocks typically produce lower dividend yields because they prefer to reinvest those earnings into research and development to help grow these companies and increase their profitability.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 99 of 107 Vanguard stock funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Funds that concentrate on a relatively narrow market sector face the risk of higher share-price volatility. Investments in stocks issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk, which is the chance that political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions; and currency risk, which is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01


































SGQI - SG Global Quality Income ETF | Janus Henderson Investors


























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsSGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF        










SGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF
Seeks quality, high-yielding global equities designed to deliver consistent dividend income



NAV
As of 07/24/17
$27.78





Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




Pricing Data
(As of Market Close 07/24/17)


Yields and Expenses


Fund Details







$27.94
Closing Market Price


$27.93
Bid/Ask Midpoint


$27.94
Day High


$27.94
Day Low


1,500
Trading Volume (Shares)


0.54%
Premium/Discount


1.70M
Shares Outstanding




4.71%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)


30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)
3.77%


Quarterly
Distribution Frequency


$47.23M
Total Net Assets
(As of 07/24/17)




GROSS
0.45%


NET
0.45%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)


Performance
(As of 07/24/17)


$27.78
NAV
(As of 07/24/17)


-0.50%
NAV 1 Day Return


10.64%
NAV Year To Date




12/07/16
Inception Date


47103U878
CUSIP



Category

						Morningstar						(As of 06/30/2017)					

World Large Stock


SGQIIV
Intraday Value (IOPV)


NASDAQ
Exchange


SGQINTRD
Index Ticker


Primary Benchmark
SGI Global Quality Income Index


Index Provider
Société Générale Index








							Overview						


ETF Objective
Janus SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) seeks investment results that correspond generally, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the SGI Global Quality Income Index.
Client Commitment
An Equity ETF seeking to provide investors with a consistent income stream by selecting quality, high-yielding companies across the globe. In today’s low-yielding environment, this may serve as an important complement to fixed income, offering both a diversified source of income and growth potential.
Why Invest in the Fund


Equity Income Potential

The strategy seeks to invest in dividend-paying companies with yields above 4%, pursuing the best opportunities in global developed market equities.

Quality Counts

The strategy aims to provide a consistent income stream by selecting quality companies with the potential to sustain or grow dividend payouts by evaluating balance sheet strength, profitability and price stability.

Core Income Complement

This may serve as a diversifier in an income portfolio providing both a differentiated stream of income and growth potential – especially important given the scarcity of yield in today’s market.






						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												








Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
									Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply and will reduce returns.






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.





Q2 2017
Q1 2017
Q4 2016

FREQUENCY DISTRIBUTION OF PREMIUMS AND DISCOUNTS







Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
0
0
11
49
3
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
17.46%
77.78%
4.76%
0.00%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
8
0
44
5
4
1


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
12.90%
0.00%
70.97%
8.06%
6.45%
1.61%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
1
0
1
14
0
0
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
6.25%
0.00%
6.25%
87.50%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
















DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW





EX-DATE
RECORD DATE
PAYABLE DATE
ORDINARY INCOME
SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
TOTAL DISTRIBUTION




06/30/2017

07/05/2017

07/07/2017

$0.332327

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.332327


03/31/2017

04/04/2017

04/06/2017

$0.284946

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.284946


12/23/2016

12/28/2016

12/30/2016

$0.114199

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.114199







							Characteristics						

Index represents the SGI Global Quality Income Index.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 07/21/2017)


% of Fund






																							Power Assets Holdings Ltd																					

																							1.44																					



																							Kuehne + Nagel International AG																					

																							1.40																					



																							TransCanada Corp																					

																							1.38																					



																							NorthWestern Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Pembina Pipeline Corp																					

																							1.36																					



																							TELUS Corp																					

																							1.36																					



																							Abertis Infraestructuras SA																					

																							1.36																					



																							Fortis Inc/Canada																					

																							1.36																					



																							Elisa OYJ																					

																							1.35																					



																							Red Electrica Corp SA																					

																							1.35																					







								View Full Holdings							

								Download							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 07/21/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





75






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$50.08B






Market Capitalization
Median





$20.61B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





28.67%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





18.05






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.57






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





5.08%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 07/21/17)


% OF FUND






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							73.38																					



																							U.S.																					

																							26.62																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 07/21/17)


% OF FUND






																							Europe																					

																							38.66																					



																							North America																					

																							37.44																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							21.25																					



																							Japan																					

																							2.65																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 07/21/17)


% OF FUND






																							Utilities																					

																							24.24																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							17.38																					



																							Energy																					

																							14.64																					



																							Industrials																					

																							13.28																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							13.25																					



																							Health Care																					

																							7.97																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							7.93																					



																							Materials																					

																							1.31																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 07/21/2017)


% OF FUND






																							Over $100B																					

																							17.22																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							5.31																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							49.62																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							19.82																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							8.03																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Sai
Semi-annual Report
Annual Report
Prospectus





























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































