


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Global Allocation Fund (RPGAX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Global Allocation Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPGAX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$12.27
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								11.34%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$10.95
							
							-
							
								$12.28
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$251.94

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Global Allocation Fund among 
389,
389,
N/A
and 
N/A
World Allocation
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						03/31/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek long-term capital appreciation and income.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.13%
				
			

				
					14.13%
				
			


3 Years

				
					4.77%
				
			

				
					4.77%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 6.42%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							6.42%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							May 28, 2013
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.24%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						1.15%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							February 28, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

^ The fund's net expense ratio excludes expenses permanently waived as a result 
of investments in other T. Rowe Price mutual funds and expenses that were waived 
or borne by T. Rowe Price pursuant to the fund's expense limitation, but includes 
expenses associated with investments in non-T. Rowe Price investment companies.
		

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.

































Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Mon Jul 24 23:04:59 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Tue Jul 25 08:10:39 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 































Columbia Threadneedle Investments


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home







































Share

Share



























Subscribe 












Overview



Overview


Performance


Capital Gains & Dividends


Portfolio
                                            Details


News


Literature
                                            & Resources


Perspectives


Disclosures



















Overview



























Strategy & Benefits

















Performance






Capital Gains & Dividends




Portfolio Details




















                                                Full Holdings (Unaudited)
                                            

View holdings as of



 













News



Literature & Resources

 






Disclosures





Performance
Performance for different share classes varies based on differences in sales charges and fees associated with each class. Not all Funds offer every class of shares.
Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include sales charges or contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC). If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class A and T: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class B: Class B shares are closed to new investors. Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).
Class C: Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a CDSC.
Class V: POP returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class R, R4, R5, Y and Z: Shares are sold only at NAV. Only eligible investors may purchase these shares. See the prospectus for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year.
†† For Columbia Adaptive Alternatives Fund, effective March 4, 2015, the investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually agreed (for at least twelve months after the date of the fund prospectus), in addition to an existing arrangement, to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the fund. The capped expense ratio consists of the gross expense ratio, as reflected in the fund's prospectus adjusted to reflect any fee waiver/expense reimbursement and excluding dividends and interest expense on securities sold short at the fund and underlying fund levels.
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund's share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
**Portfolio characteristics are subject to change periodically and may not be representative of current characteristics.

Morningstar Rating
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ used to rank the fund against other funds in the same category. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, without any adjustments for loads (front-end, deferred, or redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star (each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages).

Morningstar Percentile Rankings are based on the average annual total returns of the funds in the category for the periods stated and do not include any sales charges or redemption fees, but do not include 12b-1 fees and the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions. The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. Rankings for each share class will vary due to different expenses. Had sales charges or redemption fees been included, total returns would be lower.
Morningstar Style Box 
The Morningstar Style BoxTM is based on the Fund's portfolio holdings as of period end. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned, and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Information shown is based on the most recent data provided by Morningstar. The Morningstar style box data is updated on the 10th business day after every month end.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Definitions
Alpha measures the relationship between the Fund's performance and its beta over a three-year period. Alpha greater than 0.0 means an investment has performed better than the compared index given its level of risk. It can be viewed as a measure of the value added by the Fund manager.
Annual Distribution Rate at NAV: is based on the Fund's most recent distribution per share (annualized) divided by the Fund's NAV.
Average effective duration provides a measure of the fund's interest-rate sensitivity.
Beta measures a fund's risk relative to its benchmark The index is equivalent to 1.0. A fund with a beta greater than 1.0 has been more volatile than the index while a fund with a beta less than 1.0 has been less volatile.
Price-to-Book Ratio is a stock's price divided by its book value, and may help determine if the stock is valued fairly.
Price-to-Earnings Ratio is a stock's price divided by after-tax earnings over a trailing 12-month period, which serves as an indicator of value based on earnings.
R-Squared ranges from 0.00 to 100 and measures how closely the Fund's performance matches (or doesn't match) the performance of its benchmark index.
30-day SEC Yield: The SEC yield should be regarded as an estimate of the fund's rate of investment income reflecting an estimated yield to maturity (assuming all current portfolio holdings are held to maturity), and it may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate or the income paid to a shareholder's account. The yield shown reflects fee waivers in effect, if any. In the absence of such waivers, yields would be reduced. The fund may own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. If so, the yield will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these securities. This adjustment and the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown.
Unsubsidized 30-day SEC Yield: The unsubsidized yield shown is the SEC yield adjusted to reflect the gross expense ratio applicable to the class of shares shown and without regard to the contractual reimbursements and fee waivers required of the fund's investment manager and affiliates.
The 30-day yields may appear to be the same due to rounding.
The Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund and certain other funds own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. For a fund that owns TIPS or other inflation indexed securities, the SEC Yield, when shown, will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these types of securities. This adjustment as well as the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown. Absent the inflation adjustment, the yield shown may be materially different and may vary significantly from month to month, especially for a fund such as Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund which invests substantially in TIPS and other inflation indexed securities. In periods when the SEC yield is exceptionally high due to a rise in the inflation rate, it is important to bear in mind that the adjustment in the yield from the inflation rate may not be repeated.
Sharpe Ratio divides a fund's return in excess of the 90-day Treasury bill by the investment's standard deviation to measure risk-adjusted performance.
Standard Deviation is a statistical measure of the degree to which an individual value in a probability distribution tends to vary from the mean of the distribution.
Turnover Rate (fiscal year end%) measures the percentage of holdings that has been "turned over" or replaced, in the past year.
Average Coupon is a calculation of the total interest cost for a bond issue expressed as a percentage. The average coupon is equal to the total interest payments of an issue divided by bond year dollars.
Duration to Worst is the duration of a bond computed using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first. This measure ignores future cash flow fluctuations due to embedded optionality.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.


Performance
Returns shown do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges imposed by your Contract or Qualified Plan, or imposed on Accounts that may own shares directly. Inclusion of these charges would reduce total returns for all periods shown.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year. 
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund’s share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
The Columbia Variable Portfolios and Wanger Funds (the "Variable Funds") are available only through variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies issued by participating insurance companies or certain eligible retirement plans. The Variable Funds are not offered to the public. Not all Variable Funds and classes are available in all contracts, policies or plans. Please contact your financial advisor or insurance representative for more information.
Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Columbia Variable Portfolios. Columbia Wanger Asset Management, LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Wanger Funds. The variable funds are distributed by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA.


Performance
Effective 09/01/2016, performance reporting for Class A and Class AG with all sales charges reflects a maximum sales charge of 3.75% , except for the Columbia Conservative 529 Portfolio, FA Strategic Income 529 Portfolio, Columbia Income Opportunities 529 Portfolio, Columbia Total Return Bond 529 Portfolio, JP Morgan Core Bond 529 Portfolio, iShares TIPS Bond ETF 529 Portfolio, Templeton Global Bond 529 Portfolio and Columbia US Government Mortgage 529 Portfolio, which reflect a maximum sales charge of 3%. The Columbia College 529 Portfolio, Columbia Short Term Bond 529 Portfolio, Columbia Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio have no initial sales charges for Pricing Alternative A, but the Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio has a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) for Pricing Alternative C.
Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. Contact your financial advisor or visit columbiathreadneedle.com/us for a Program Description, which contains this and other important information about the Future Scholar College Savings Plan. Read it carefully before investing. You should also consider, before investing, whether the investor’s or designated beneficiary’s home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in such state’s qualified tuition program.
Expense ratios are as of the plan's most recent Program Brochure & Tuition Savings Agreement. Performance may reflect waivers or reimbursements of fund expenses by the adviser or its affiliates. Absent these waivers, or reimbursement arrangements, performance results may be lower. The net and gross expense ratios shown are updated on the first day of each month.
Total returns assume the reinvestment of all underlying fund distributions at NAV. Portfolio unit value (PUV) returns do not include sales charges or contingent deferred sales charges (CDSCs). If they were included, returns would have been lower.
Pricing Alternative B: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the applicable CDSC for the holding period after an initial purchase as follows: through the first year, 5%; second year, 4%; third year, 3%; fourth year, 3%; fifth year, 2%; sixth year, 1% and thereafter, 0%. These shares convert to Pricing Alternative A units in the eighth year after purchase. Effective December 1, 2010, Class B of each portfolio was closed to both new accounts and additional contributions to existing accounts.
Pricing Alternative C: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of a 1% CDSC for the first year after purchase except for the Conservative 529 and College 529 Portfolios as well as the single-fund fixed-income portfolios and the Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio, which have a 0.75% CDSC.
Pricing Alternative E: Units are sold only at portfolio unit value (PUV). Only eligible investors may purchase these units. See the program description for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Pricing Alternative Z: Units are sold only at portfolio unit value (PUV). Only eligible investors may purchase these units. See the program description for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Contributions initially invested directly into the Columbia Bank Deposit 529 Portfolio are not subject to the imposition of an initial or deferred sales charge under any Pricing Alternative.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA, is the distributor and underwriter for the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan Financial Advisor Program. The Office of State Treasurer of South Carolina (the State Treasurer) administers the Program, and has selected Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (Columbia Management) as Program Manager. Columbia Management and its affiliates are responsible for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and investment services, and for the marketing of the Program. Columbia Management is not affiliated with the State Treasurer.
Investments made in the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan:

The Advisor Plan is sold exclusively through financial advisors, while the Direct Plan is sold directly by the Program. Participation in the Direct Plan is limited to a select group of investors, as described in the Program Description. The Direct Plan offers a more limited selection of investment choices than the Advisor Plan, and the fees and expenses are lower. Please refer to the Program Description for more information.











































































































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help






































Mutual Funds | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home






























View capital gains  |  View distribution calendar


Mutual Funds


Subscribe   Export to .csv   Export to .tsv 





Subscribe Export to .csv  Export to .tsv




View capital gains  |  View distribution calendar







Hidden url for search

















Filter Funds








Filter by:


Featured Mutual Funds



4 & 5 Star Funds









                                Investment Category 


Domestic
                                        Equity 


International
                                        Equity 


Asset
                                        Allocation / Alternative



Taxable
                                        Fixed Income 


Tax-Exempt
                                        Fixed Income 


Money
                                        Market 









                                Investor Goals 


Generate
                                        an appropriate stream of income in retirement



Grow
                                        assets to achieve financial goals



Navigate
                                        a changing interest rate environment



Ease
                                        the impact of volatile markets



Maximize
                                        after-tax returns










                        Apply Filters
                    



                        Clear
                    








Title







                                    CLEAR ALL
                                



[Message explaining that funds have been filtered to
                                the user's firm.]
                            

                                SHOW ALL FUNDS
                            














Class
                                        

 




                                            Performance
                                        




NAV
POP or W/CDSC






Monthly
Quarterly
                                                        






Display
                                        




 Primary
                                                        Benchmark 





 Morningstar
                                                        Category Average 














Average Annual Total Returns (%) at NAV
                                            as of 

Expense Ratio as of
                                            


 

Fund Name

YTD % as of  
YTD % as of  
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
Since Incept*
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
Since Incept*
Incept Date
Gross
Net













Class
                                        


 











Prices as of
                                            
30-day SEC Yield as of
                                            





Fund
                                            Name

NAV $

POP $

NAV chg($)

NAV chg(%)

SEC Yield (%)

Unsubsidized SEC Yield
                                            (%)














Class
                                        






Display


 Group by Morningstar
                                                Category 











Morningstar RatingAs of
                                            




Fund Name
                                        
Overall
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
Morningstar Category
                                        



















































View the XBRL version of the prospectus and supplements.

Risk
Please see the Fund's prospectus in the Literature section of the page for a description of risks associated with the Fund.

Performance
Performance data shown represents past performance and is not a guarantee of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data shown. Returns shown assume reinvestment of distributions and do not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder would pay on fund distributions or the redemption of fund shares.
Performance for different share classes varies based on differences in sales charges and fees associated with each class. Not all Funds offer every class of shares.
Class A: Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include sales charges. If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class A and T: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class B: Class B shares are closed to new investors. Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC). If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class B: Class B shares are closed to new investors. Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).
Class C: Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC). If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class C: Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).
Class V: Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include sales charges. If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class V: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class R, R4, R5, Y and Z: Shares are sold only at Net asset value (NAV). Only eligible investors may purchase these shares. See the prospectus for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year.
†† For Columbia Adaptive Alternatives Fund, effective March 4, 2015, the investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually agreed (for at least twelve months after the date of the fund prospectus), in addition to an existing arrangement, to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the fund. The capped expense ratio consists of the gross expense ratio, as reflected in the fund's prospectus adjusted to reflect any fee waiver/expense reimbursement and excluding dividends and interest expense on securities sold short at the fund and underlying fund levels.
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund's share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
**Portfolio characteristics are subject to change periodically and may not be representative of current characteristics.
Morningstar Rating
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ used to rank the fund against other funds in the same category. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, without any adjustments for loads (front-end, deferred, or redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star (each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages).
Morningstar Percentile Rankings are based on the average annual total returns of the funds in the category for the periods stated. They do not include sales charges or redemption fees but do include operating expenses and the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions. The highest (most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (least favorable) percentile rank is 100. Share class rankings vary due to different expenses. If sales charges or redemption fees were included, total returns would be lower.
Morningstar Style Box 
The Morningstar Style BoxTM is based on the Fund's portfolio holdings as of period end. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned, and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Information shown is based on the most recent data provided by Morningstar. The Morningstar style box data is updated on the 10th business day after every month end.
© 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Definitions
Alpha measures the relationship between the Fund's performance and its beta over a three-year period. Alpha greater than 0.0 means an investment has performed better than the compared index given its level of risk. It can be viewed as a measure of the value added by the Fund manager.
Average effective duration provides a measure of the fund's interest-rate sensitivity.
Beta measures a fund's risk relative to its benchmark The index is equivalent to 1.0. A fund with a beta greater than 1.0 has been more volatile than the index while a fund with a beta less than 1.0 has been less volatile.
Annual Distribution Rate at NAV: is based on the Fund’s most recent distribution per share (annualized) divided by the Fund’s NAV.
Price-to-Book Ratio is a stock's price divided by its book value, and may help determine if the stock is valued fairly.
Price-to-Earnings Ratio is a stock's price divided by after-tax earnings over a trailing 12-month period, which serves as an indicator of value based on earnings.
R-Squared ranges from 0.00 to 100 and measures how closely the Fund's performance matches (or doesn't match) the performance of its benchmark index.
30-day SEC Yield: The SEC yield should be regarded as an estimate of the fund's rate of investment income reflecting an estimated yield to maturity (assuming all current portfolio holdings are held to maturity), and it may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate or the income paid to a shareholder's account. The yield shown reflects fee waivers in effect, if any. In the absence of such waivers, yields would be reduced. The fund may own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. If so, the yield will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these securities. This adjustment and the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown.
Unsubsidized 30-day SEC Yield: The unsubsidized yield shown is the SEC yield adjusted to reflect the gross expense ratio applicable to the class of shares shown and without regard to the contractual reimbursements and fee waivers required of the fund's investment manager and affiliates.
The 30-day yields may appear to be the same due to rounding.
The Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund and certain other funds own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. For a fund that owns TIPS or other inflation indexed securities, the SEC Yield, when shown, will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these types of securities. This adjustment as well as the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown. Absent the inflation adjustment, the yield shown may be materially different and may vary significantly from month to month, especially for a fund such as Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund which invests substantially in TIPS and other inflation indexed securities. In periods when the SEC yield is exceptionally high due to a rise in the inflation rate, it is important to bear in mind that the adjustment in the yield from the inflation rate may not be repeated.
Sharpe Ratio divides a fund's return in excess of the 90-day Treasury bill by the investment's standard deviation to measure risk-adjusted performance.
Standard Deviation is a statistical measure of the degree to which an individual value in a probability distribution tends to vary from the mean of the distribution.
Turnover Rate (fiscal year end%) measures the percentage of holdings that has been "turned over" or replaced, in the past year.
Average Coupon is a calculation of the total interest cost for a bond issue expressed as a percentage. The average coupon is equal to the total interest payments of an issue divided by bond year dollars.
Duration to Worst is the duration of a bond computed using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first. This measure ignores future cash flow fluctuations due to embedded optionality.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
























                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help







































Financial Professionals | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home























Solutions you can trust, in markets you can’t.
Because consistency is a beautiful thing.
Why it matters

Find a Mutual Fund








Which events could move markets in 2017?

VIEW TOP 6








 











Filter by:
View all



Domestic Equity



International
                            Equity 


Asset
                            Allocation / Alternative



Taxable Fixed
                            Income 


Tax-Exempt
                            Fixed Income 


Money Market



Share:

 















INVESTOR GOALS

View all






 
Generate Income





 

Generate Income
Give your clients the opportunity to retire with confidence.








 
Interest Rates





 

Navigate Rates
Position your clients for success with strategies that can navigate changing interest rates.








 
Tax Efficiency





 

Tax Efficiency
Help your clients keep more of what they earn.








 
Asset Growth





 

Grow Assets
Find smarter, faster ways to grow your clients' assets.








 
Manage Volatility





featured
 

Manage Volatility
Help protect your clients' savings and withstand market volatility.
























MY FUNDS


Edit my fund list







Select funds to display





Cancel


Save





Create a customized list so you can track and watch your funds.
Choose Funds

            NOTE: Your fund selections will be automatically saved for you using browser cookies. If you clear your
            cookies or use a different computer or browser to access this page, you will not see your saved fund
            selections.
        










Perspectives



 | 
View more



Stay informed on industry news and trends with insights from our thought leaders.

















New & Noteworthy
View capital gains View distribution calendar































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help






































529 Plans Information for Financial Professionals  | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home























 










The Future Scholar 529 Plan











With a 529 plan, parents, relatives and friends can help fund a significant portion of a loved one's future college expenses and at the same time enjoy many added benefits as a 529 plan account owner. A knowledgeable advisor who understands how these benefits work can help maximize the power of a 529 plan.

The Future Scholar 529 Plan can provide you with the knowledge and resources you need to tailor an education funding plan to each family’s needs and develop rewarding and lasting, multi-generational relationships.
Advantages for account owners

Ability to remove assets from a taxable estate. Annual gift tax exclusion limits per beneficiary for 2016: $14,000/individual and $28,000/married couples.
Five-year accelerated gifting option allows up to five times the annual limit to be gifted in a single year. Five-year forward gifting limits: $70,000/individual and $140,000/married couples.
	
Learn more about the gifting benefits of a 529 plan with our Advanced Gifting article 


Maintain complete control of the account (including ability to revoke gifts), even though contributions are considered completed gifts and are excluded from the account owner’s taxable estate.
Grow account free of federal taxes (and in many states, also state income tax free).
"Max fund" a 529 plan. With many 529 plans allowing balances over $300,000, account owners may consider giving above their annual gifting limit to "max fund" a plan up to the maximum account balance and remove more assets from their taxable estate. This involves using some of your Unified Credit (your lifetime gift/estimate tax exclusion), currently $5.45 million for 2016.
Possibly avoid new taxes

Beginning in 2013, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 imposed a new 3.8% net investment income tax on certain unearned income of high-income individuals, estates and certain trusts
Contributing to a 529 plan could help high-net-worth investors mitigate or avoid this tax
Growth in a 529, as well as distributions, are not subject to the 3.8% tax



Prepare your clients for future college costs
Saving for college may seem overwhelming, but the sooner your clients start planning the better off they will be. Columbia Threadneedle Investments offers a variety of tools you can use with clients to help estimate their personal circumstances.

Our College Savings Projector calculator can provide a personalized, realistic estimate of what college will cost and what it will take to save for it.
The Expected Family Contribution (EFC) calculator can provide an estimate of how much a family may be expected to contribute out-of-pocket when it comes time to pay for college.

Call your Columbia Threadneedle Investments representative to take advantage of our education funding resources.
Offering all of the benefits provided by the Internal Revenue Code Section 529, plus:

A multi-managed investment lineup with leading money managers View options 
23 single fund options and seven asset allocation portfolios.
Strategic and tactical management of asset allocation portfolios
Age-based risk tracks, which take into consideration a family's risk tolerance in addition to their child's age








































529 Contact
Have a question? Contact us at:
888.244.5674
Monday through Friday
8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. Eastern
























Disclosures

Asset allocation does not assure a profit or protect against loss.
Your clients should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses associated with 529 plans before investing. Contact Columbia Threadneedle Investments for a Program Description, which provides this and other important information about the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan. The Program Description should be read carefully before investing. Your clients should also consider, before investing, whether their or the designated beneficiary’s home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in such state’s qualified tuition program.
Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA, is the distributor and underwriter for the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan Financial Advisor Program. The Office of State Treasurer of South Carolina (the State Treasurer) administers the Program and has selected Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC and Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (Columbia Management) as Program Manager. Columbia Management and its affiliates are responsible for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and investment services, and for the marketing of the Program. Columbia Management is not affiliated with the State Treasurer.
Any tax information given on this site is general in nature and does not constitute tax advice on the part of Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. or its affiliates. The information cannot be used for the purposes of avoiding penalties and taxes. Consult with your tax advisor regarding how aspects of a 529 plan relate to your own specific circumstances.

























                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help

















	VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund | Responsive Allocation - Rooted in Evidence- VanEck





















































 




 Corporate Home    



VanEck 



Home 

Choose Your ETF 

About VanEck   
   

















   



Responsive Allocation, Rooted in Evidence.
Access institutional-quality data through an objective asset allocation approach that dynamically responds to changing markets. 


 Print   





























 
   













VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund (NDRMX) (the "Fund") was developed by VanEck in partnership with Ned Davis Research           (NDR), one of the world's leading researchers of the indicators that drive financial markets. It tactically adjusts its asset class exposures each month across global stocks, U.S. fixed income, and cash with the flexibility to adapt to market conditions.
Utilizing an objective, data-driven process based on macroeconomic, fundamental, and technical indicators           developed by NDR, the Fund invests based on the weight-of-the-evidence of its objective indicators, removing human emotion and decision making from the investment process.
















Fund Allocations as of July 5, 2017

 

The neutral position, which is provided by Ned Davis Research, Inc., represents the starting point of the VE NDR Model absent an alternative recommendation once the model takes into considerations the indicators that yield the global tactical allocation model. These are not recommendations to buy or sell any security.
Visit the                                                                                                                                                                         
                    VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund's (NDRMX)  page for more information, including the most recent Fund performance.   

















Videos



    
 VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund Celebrates Anniversary (5:01) 
            David Schassler, Portfolio Manager, VanEck and Associated Director



    
 VanEck and Ned Davis Research Offer a New Approach to Asset Allocation (6:20) 
            Jan van Eck, CEO



 


 



    
 VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund: Investing Beyond the Traditional 60/40 (4:54) 
            David Schassler, Portfolio Manager, VanEck, and Lisa Michalski, Associate Director, Ned Davis Research, Custom Research Solutions



 























Subscribe to Blog Updates
Portfolio Manager David Schassler provides monthly updates on the portfolio's asset allocation as well as insightful commentary on NDR's vast array of indicators.

Read the latest allocation blog.   










































Fund Details



Ticker
NDRMX/NDRUX/NDRYX 

Inception Date
05/11/2016 

Benchmark
60% MSCI AGWI/40% Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate 

Morningstar Category
Tactical Allocation 

Distribution Frequency
Annual 

Expense Ratios




Class
Gross
Net 

A
3.60%
1.38% 

I
3.21%
1.08% 

Y
4.38%
1.13%      

Expenses are capped contractually until 05/01/18 at 1.15% for Class A, 0.85% for Class I, 0.90% for Class Y. Caps exclude certain expenses, such as interest.


























Fund Materials

 
 Fact Sheet 
 
 Invest, Just Don't Behave Like An Investor Flyer 
 
 Let's Mingle - Get to Know the Fund's Combination of Indicators 
 
 1 Year Anniversary Press Release  


















 Important Disclosure
The Fund's benchmark is a blended index consisting of 60% MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) and 40% Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index. The MSCI ACWI captures large and mid cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) and 23 Emerging Markets (EM) countries and covers approximately 85% of the global investable equity opportunity set. The MSCI benchmark is a gross return index which reinvests as much as possible of a company's gross dividend distributions. The Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index is a broad-based benchmark that measures the investment grade, U.S. dollar-denominated, fixed-rate taxable bond market. This includes treasuries, government-related and corporate securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and collateralized mortgage-backed securities.
Portfolio facts and statistics are shown for Class A shares only unless otherwise noted; other classes may have different characteristics.
You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Any investment in the Fund should be part of an overall investment program rather than a complete program. All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal. Because the Fund is a "fund-of-funds," an investor will indirectly bear the principal risks of the exchange traded products in which it invests, including but not limited to, risks associated with smaller companies, foreign securities, emerging markets, debt securities, commodities, and derivatives. The Fund will bear its share of the fees and expenses of the exchange-traded products. Consequently, an investment in the Fund entails more direct and indirect expenses than a direct investment in an exchange-traded product. Because the Fund invests in exchange-traded products, it is subject to additional risks that do not apply to conventional mutual funds, including the risks that the market price of an exchange-traded product's shares may be higher or lower than the value of its underlying assets, there may be a lackof liquidity in the shares of the exchange-traded product, or trading may be halted by the exchange on which they trade. Principal risks of investing in foreign securities include changes in currency rates, foreign taxation and differences in auditing and other financial standards. Debt securities may be subject to credit risk and interest rate risk. Investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. Because Van Eck Associates Corporation relies heavily on third party quantitative models, the Fund is also subject to model and data risk. For a description of these and other risk considerations, please refer to the Fund's prospectus and summary prospectus, which should be read carefully before you invest.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Please call 800.826.2333 or visit www.vaneck.com for performance information current to the most recent month end and for a prospectus and summary prospectus. An investor should consider the Fund's investment objective, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this as well as other information. Please read them carefully before investing.

              Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor 
              666 Third Avenue 
              New York, NY 10017 800.826.2333©  VanEck.




  

















































Contact Details
Corporate Home Offices
(212) 293-2000  
 666 Third Avenue 
          New York, NY 10017 


Follow Us
 LinkedIn  
 Twitter  
 YouTube  






 ©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.  


  


































×

















Mutual Funds: Global Risk Allocation | AB




































































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  












 
AB Global Risk Allocation Fund 
								 









Daily Price
as of










share


Email


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn










 




overview


performance


peer comparison


holdings


characteristics


distribution




 

 

RISKS TO CONSIDER

Market Risk: The market values of the portfolio’s holdings rise and fall from day to day, so investments may lose value.
Interest Rate Risk: As interest rates rise, bond prices fall and vice versa―long-term securities tend to rise and fall more than short-term securities. The values of mortgage-related and asset-backed securities are particularly sensitive to changes in interest rates due to prepayment risk.
Credit Risk: A bond’s credit rating reflects the issuer’s ability to make timely payments of interest or principal―the lower the rating, the higher the risk of default. If the issuer’s financial strength deteriorates, the issuer’s rating may be lowered and the bond’s value may decline.
Allocation Risk: Allocating to different types of assets may have a large impact on returns if one of these asset classes significantly underperforms the others.
Foreign (Non-US) Risk: Non-US securities may be more volatile because of political, regulatory, market and economic uncertainties associated with such securities. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect the value of the investment or reduce returns. These risks are magnified in emerging or developing markets.
Derivatives Risk: Investing in derivative instruments such as options, futures, forwards or swaps can be riskier than traditional investments, and may be more volatile, especially in a down market.
Leverage Risk: Trying to enhance investment returns by borrowing money or using other leverage tools―magnify both gains and losses, resulting in greater volatility.
Below Investment Grade Securities Risk: Investments in fixed-income securities with lower ratings (commonly known as “junk bonds”) tend to have a higher probability that an issuer will default or fail to meet its payment obligations.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund/Portfolio carefully before investing. For copies of our prospectus or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, click here or contact your AB representative. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 
The [A/B] logo is a registered service mark of AllianceBernstein and AllianceBernstein® is a registered service mark used by permission of the owner, AllianceBernstein L.P.
Investment Products Offered: 
Are Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value | Are Not Bank Guaranteed
Check the background of AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck
 
















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 

























  CBSRX Quote - AB Global Risk Allocation Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  AB Global Risk Allocation Fund Inc   CBSRX:US   NASDAQ GM        15.94USD   0.04   0.25%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   14.92 - 16.11    1 Yr Return   7.46%    YTD Return   5.84%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   15.98    52Wk Range   14.92 - 16.11    1 Yr Return   7.12%    YTD Return   5.84%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Global Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   15.94    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/24/2017)   281.882    Inception Date   11/03/2003    Last Dividend (on 12/15/2016)   0.7518    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   4.72%    Fund Managers   MICHAEL DEPALMA / LEON ZHU    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.50%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.56%    Expense Ratio   1.61%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        912828XL:GOV   TII 0 ⅜ 07/15/25    100.61 k 104.46 m 39.08      JK771361:COR   JGBI 0.1 03/10/26    2.95 m 28.07 m 10.50      912828V4:GOV   TII 0 ⅜ 01/15/27    26.02 k 26.35 m 9.86      MYMXX:US   AB Government Money Market Por    16.00 m 16.00 m 5.99      !!029LRF:MTG   CAS 2015-C03 2M2    8.74 k 9.71 m 3.63      912796LP:GOV   B 0 08/10/17    7.50 k 7.49 m 2.80      912796LD:GOV   B 0 06/08/17    3.00 k 3.00 m 1.12      !!029LR9:MTG   CAS 2015-C03 1M2    1.43 k 1.56 m 0.58      EP043884:PFD   HT 6 ⅞ PERP    60.00 k 1.52 m 0.57      EP043935:PFD   PEB 6 ½ PERP    58.53 k 1.47 m 0.55           Profile   AB Global Risk Allocation Fund Inc is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks total return consisent with resonable risks through a combination of income and long-term growth of capital. The Fund invests in a number of global asset classes, including equity/credit, fixed-income and inflation linked instruments.    Address  Alliance Funds1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105   Phone  1-800-227-4618   Website   www.alliancebernstein.com              

AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB Global Risk Allocation Moderate Portfolio: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:10 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB Global Risk Allocation Moderate Portfolio



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB Global Risk Allocation Moderate Portfolio is an open ended variable annuity balanced mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of countries across the globe. For the equity portion, the fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in government securities. It seeks to benchmark the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index (net) and a composite index comprising of 60% MSCI World Index (U.S. Dollar hedged) and ...
AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB Global Risk Allocation Moderate Portfolio is an open ended variable annuity balanced mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of countries across the globe. For the equity portion, the fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in government securities. It seeks to benchmark the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index (net) and a composite index comprising of 60% MSCI World Index (U.S. Dollar hedged) and 40% Bloomberg Barclays Global G7 Treasury Index (U.S. Dollar hedged). AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB Global Risk Allocation Moderate Portfolio was formed on April 28, 2015 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 212 486 5800

Fax: 212-969-2293

www.abglobal.com/abcom/product_center/3_vehicle/mf/vps/asstalloc_multiasst/VPS_Global_Risk_Allocatio







Key Executives for AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB Global Risk Allocation Moderate Portfolio




Mr. Leon Zhu CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Daniel J. Loewy CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB Global Risk Allocation Moderate Portfolio, please visit www.abglobal.com/abcom/product_center/3_vehicle/mf/vps/asstalloc_multiasst/VPS_Global_Risk_Allocatio.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































CBACX - AB Global Risk Allocation Fund Class C | Fidelity Investments
























Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 





























Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 









	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.















































CABNX Fund - AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,590


91


0.42%











S&P F

2,474.25


5.75


0.23%











NASDAQ F

5,937.00


3.00


0.05%











Gold

1,256.60


-4.10


-0.33%











Silver

16.31


-0.133


-0.81%











Crude Oil

47.15


0.81


1.75%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



XRX 
3.8




WYNN 
3.3




NRG 
3.2




INCY 
3.0






HAS
-9.4




FL
-4.6




HAL
-4.2




MAT
-3.8














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








8:08a

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale



8:05a

Wells Fargo released client data, company discloses



8:05a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne



8:04a

Freeport McMoRan shares up 2.2% premarket



8:03a

McDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results



8:02a

Breaking
Caterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials



8:02a

McDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%



8:01a

McDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


CABNX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



CABNX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A

Watchlist 
CreateCABNXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 EDT



$
16.08



-0.03
-0.19%






Previous Close




$16.11





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



15.02
52 Week Low/High
16.24


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
15.02 - 16.24



YTD
6.07%



5 Year
28.24%



Total Net Assets
$244.2M



Yield
5.27%



Net Expense Ratio
1.28%



Turnover %
79.00%



52 Week Avg Return
7.45




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 4 (69th percentile)
        


2
Total Returns


2
Consistent Return


3
Preservation


2
Tax Efficiency


3
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Flexible Portfolio


Portfolio Style
Flexible Portfolio


Fund Family
AB Funds - A


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
June 8, 1932


Managers

Zhu
Loewy








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks high return through a combination of current income and capital appreciation. The Fund will not purchase a security if, as a result of such a purchase, less than 25% of its total assets will be in fixed-income senior securities.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
4.25%


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
1.28%


12 b-1
0.25%


Turnover
79.00%






Risk Measures




Alpha
-0.17


Beta
0.45


Standard deviation
1.85


R. squared
0.49






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
$2,500


IRA
n/a




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (S&P 500)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
6.07%
7.48%
11.56%
69%
4


1yr
7.45%
8.87%
15.95%
63%
4


3yr2
2.18%
2.43%
9.80%
63%
4


5yr2
5.10%
6.55%
15.47%
75%
4


10yr2
3.13%
4.10%
7.33%
75%
4





1Flexible Portfolio Funds
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News






Tough Choices: Alternative Funds In 2015


Jun. 29, 2015 at 1:23 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Top 5 Zacks #1 Ranked Balanced Funds - Best of Funds


Nov. 21, 2012 at 4:51 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 Zacks #1 Ranked Balanced Funds - Best of Funds


Oct. 17, 2012 at 2:28 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 Balanced Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Dec. 19, 2011 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com










Top 10 Holdings




Company
Symbol
Total Net Assets





AB Government Money Market Portfolio AB

MYMXX
8.67%



Hersha Hospitality Trust 6.875% Cum. Redeem. Pfd. Series C

HT/PC
0.52%



Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 6.5% Cum. Redeem. Pfd. Series C

PEB/PC
0.51%



Apartment Investment & Management Co. 6.875% Cum. Pfd. Cl A

AIV/PA
0.39%



China Shenhua Energy Co. Ltd.

IKF
0.14%



China Minsheng Banking Corp. Ltd.

GHFH
0.14%



Agricultural Bank of China Ltd.

EK7
0.13%



China Construction Bank Corp.

C6T
0.13%



China Petroleum & Chemical Corp.

CHU
0.12%



New China Life Insurance Co. Ltd.

NCL
0.12%




View more holdings
As of 02/28/2017


  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.84


Dividend frequency
Annually


Capital gain (2016)
n/a


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
-
-


2016
$0.84
-


2015
$0.01
-


2014
$1.12
$0.70


2013
$0.06
$0.26


2012
$0.24
$1.18


2011
$0.27
-


2010
$0.25
-


2009
$0.29
-


2008
$0.35
-


2007
$0.40
$1.35




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

-2.74%








CAT

1.49%








GM

-0.69%








FIT

0.36%








BIIB

0.63%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








Investing according to your values can also make you money
              
              These socially conscious funds can do good and do well, writes Conrad de Aenlle.              
              
            

10:56 a.m. July 24, 2017






How the OPEC committee’s meeting could make or break oil prices
              
              A joint OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial monitoring committee meets Monday in Russia as the global oil market continues to struggle to reach balance in the face rising crude output from the U.S. and wavering commitment to pledged production curbs.              
              
            

4:54 a.m. July 24, 2017






Here’s a poorly kept secret about beating the market
              
              Indexing is best for those without access and special information.              
              
            

6:18 p.m. July 20, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
119.02
+0.38
+0.32%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.26
-0.24
-0.11%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.23
+0.42
+0.86%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
195.72
-0.26
-0.13%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
19.95
+0.51
+2.62%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.34
-0.08
-0.24%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.60
-0.18
-1.41%








Exchange Traded Funds »








Argentina ETF sees steep outflows amid strong gains
              
              The largest exchange-traded fund to track the Argentina equity market, a strong performer throughout 2017, saw sharp outflows last week, including its biggest one-day redemption in its history.              
              
            

4:22 p.m. July 24, 2017






2 Ways To Trade This Week's Healthcare Earnings
              
              2 Ways To Trade This Week's Healthcare Earnings              
              
            

10:51 a.m. July 24, 2017
(Benzinga.com)












SPY



							7/24/2017 6:30pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

246.82


-0.06
-0.02%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
144.77
+0.66
+0.46%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
142.75
+0.20
+0.14%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.91
+0.11
+0.44%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
64.99
-0.12
-0.18%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
43.76
+0.13
+0.30%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Investing lessons from Edward Thorp, quant pioneer and card counter
              
              Ed Thorp reminds Tren Griffin of that other ultra-rational decision-maker, Charlie Munger.              
              
            

5:32 a.m.  Today5:32 a.m. July 25, 2017






Donald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
              
              U.S. equities, the greatest predictor of presidential elections, might peter out at the wrong time for the incumbent, says Avi Gilburt.              
              
            

5:11 a.m.  Today5:11 a.m. July 25, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
23.91
+0.11
+0.46%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
66.10
+0.10
+0.15%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
73.60
-0.19
-0.26%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.50
-0.23
-0.66%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.86
+0.02
+0.06%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.29
-0.24
-2.08%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.27
+0.10
+0.18%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.28
+0.39
+0.43%








Bonds »








Verde AgriTech closes oversubscribed private placement for proceeds of C$1.8 million, including C$800,000 investment from Palisade Global Investments Ltd.
              
              Verde AgriTech closes oversubscribed private placement for proceeds of C$1.8 million, including C$800,000 investment from Palisade Global Investments Ltd.              
              
            

1 min ago8:09 a.m. July 25, 2017






From Grass to Grace - An Inspiring Story of a Once Struggling Single Mother Now a Millionaire Entrepreneur
              
              From Grass to Grace - An Inspiring Story of a Once Struggling Single Mother Now a Millionaire Entrepreneur              
              
            

6 min ago8:05 a.m. July 25, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/25/2017 8:09am
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1924


-0.0051
-0.43%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.15
+0.02
+2.06%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.39
+0.03
+2.14%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.86
+0.03
+1.83%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.28
+0.03
+1.26%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.86
+0.03
+0.98%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/25/2017 6:55am
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

9.15


-0.28
-2.97%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91
-2.63
-0.11%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17
-66.90
-0.31%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81
+23.05
+0.36%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,438.05
+2.22
+0.15%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,776.80
+2.88
+0.16%








Currencies »








Dollar stabilizes near its lowest in over a year as Fed meets
              
              The dollar was narrowly mixed against major rivals in Tuesday trading, leaving a broad index tracking the greenback little changed ahead of a two-day Federal Reserve meeting that could reveal policymaker thinking on a batch of fuzzy economic readings of late.              
              
            

7:00 a.m.  Today7:00 a.m. July 25, 2017






Dollar edges higher ahead of Fed meeting, but remains lower for July
              
              The U.S. dollar stepped moderately higher against its main rivals on Monday, regaining a little of the ground that it lost last week.              
              
            

1:58 p.m. July 24, 2017












USDJPY



							7/25/2017 8:10am
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.448


+0.3440
+0.3096%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3072
+0.0043
+0.3300%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1423
-0.0049
-0.1557%








Commodities »






Growth Continues for Guidepoint: Expert Network Firm Expands Presence in Boston
              
              Growth Continues for Guidepoint: Expert Network Firm Expands Presence in Boston              
              
            

4 min ago8:07 a.m. July 25, 2017










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
49.45
+0.85
+1.75%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.54
+0.02
+1.43%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.92
+0.04
+1.21%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,256.80
-3.90
-0.31%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.33
-0.11
-0.69%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
928.60
-3.70
-0.40%


Corn /quotes/zigman/42750879/delayed
372.75
-4.50
-1.19%

















Most Popular





1.






The biggest dog in the Dow might soon break free






2.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






3.






Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Alphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark






5.






A History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:11 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:11aMcDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates
8:11aSeagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition
8:09aBarnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale
8:05aWells Fargo released client data, company discloses
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne
8:05aFreeport McMoRan shares up 2.2% premarket
8:03aMcDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:03aBREAKINGCaterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials
8:02aMcDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 revenue $6.05 bln vs. $6.27 bln; FactSet consensus $5.96 bln
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.62
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 EPS $1.70 vs. $1.25 a year ago
7:58aShares of 3M fall nearly 3% after company reports Q2 earnings
7:57aKimberly-Clark beats profit expectations, sees 2017 earnings at low end of guidance range
7:54aWhy some older investors might invest in a long-term time horizon
7:53aWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
7:53aGood news if you love coffee
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:11 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:11aMcDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates
8:11aSeagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition
8:09aBarnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale
8:05aWells Fargo released client data, company discloses
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne
8:05aFreeport McMoRan shares up 2.2% premarket
8:03aMcDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:03aBREAKINGCaterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials
8:02aMcDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 revenue $6.05 bln vs. $6.27 bln; FactSet consensus $5.96 bln
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.62
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 EPS $1.70 vs. $1.25 a year ago
7:58aShares of 3M fall nearly 3% after company reports Q2 earnings
7:57aKimberly-Clark beats profit expectations, sees 2017 earnings at low end of guidance range
7:54aWhy some older investors might invest in a long-term time horizon
7:53aWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
7:53aGood news if you love coffee
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




8:11 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:11aMcDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates
8:11aSeagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition
8:09aBarnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale
8:05aWells Fargo released client data, company discloses
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne
8:05aFreeport McMoRan shares up 2.2% premarket
8:03aMcDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:03aBREAKINGCaterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials
8:02aMcDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 revenue $6.05 bln vs. $6.27 bln; FactSet consensus $5.96 bln
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.62
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 EPS $1.70 vs. $1.25 a year ago
7:58aShares of 3M fall nearly 3% after company reports Q2 earnings
7:57aKimberly-Clark beats profit expectations, sees 2017 earnings at low end of guidance range
7:54aWhy some older investors might invest in a long-term time horizon
7:53aWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
7:53aGood news if you love coffee
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































CABNX Fund - AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,592


93


0.43%











S&P F

2,474.25


5.75


0.23%











NASDAQ F

5,937.25


3.25


0.05%











Gold

1,256.60


-4.10


-0.33%











Silver

16.315


-0.128


-0.78%











Crude Oil

47.14


0.80


1.73%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



XRX 
3.8




WYNN 
3.3




NRG 
3.2




INCY 
3.0






HAS
-9.4




FL
-4.6




HAL
-4.2




MAT
-3.8














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








8:08a

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale



8:05a

Wells Fargo released client data, company discloses



8:05a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne



8:04a

Freeport McMoRan shares up 2.2% premarket



8:03a

McDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results



8:02a

Breaking
Caterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials



8:02a

McDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%



8:01a

McDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


CABNX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



CABNX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A

Watchlist 
CreateCABNXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 EDT



$
16.08



-0.03
-0.19%






Previous Close




$16.11





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



15.02
52 Week Low/High
16.24


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
15.02 - 16.24



YTD
6.07%



5 Year
28.24%



Total Net Assets
$244.2M



Yield
5.27%



Net Expense Ratio
1.28%



Turnover %
79.00%



52 Week Avg Return
7.45




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 4 (69th percentile)
        


2
Total Returns


2
Consistent Return


3
Preservation


2
Tax Efficiency


3
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Flexible Portfolio


Portfolio Style
Flexible Portfolio


Fund Family
AB Funds - A


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
June 8, 1932


Managers

Zhu
Loewy








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks high return through a combination of current income and capital appreciation. The Fund will not purchase a security if, as a result of such a purchase, less than 25% of its total assets will be in fixed-income senior securities.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
4.25%


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
1.28%


12 b-1
0.25%


Turnover
79.00%






Risk Measures




Alpha
-0.17


Beta
0.45


Standard deviation
1.85


R. squared
0.49






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
$2,500


IRA
n/a




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (S&P 500)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
6.07%
7.48%
11.56%
69%
4


1yr
7.45%
8.87%
15.95%
63%
4


3yr2
2.18%
2.43%
9.80%
63%
4


5yr2
5.10%
6.55%
15.47%
75%
4


10yr2
3.13%
4.10%
7.33%
75%
4





1Flexible Portfolio Funds
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News






Tough Choices: Alternative Funds In 2015


Jun. 29, 2015 at 1:23 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Top 5 Zacks #1 Ranked Balanced Funds - Best of Funds


Nov. 21, 2012 at 4:51 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 Zacks #1 Ranked Balanced Funds - Best of Funds


Oct. 17, 2012 at 2:28 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 Balanced Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Dec. 19, 2011 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com










Top 10 Holdings




Company
Symbol
Total Net Assets





AB Government Money Market Portfolio AB

MYMXX
8.67%



Hersha Hospitality Trust 6.875% Cum. Redeem. Pfd. Series C

HT/PC
0.52%



Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 6.5% Cum. Redeem. Pfd. Series C

PEB/PC
0.51%



Apartment Investment & Management Co. 6.875% Cum. Pfd. Cl A

AIV/PA
0.39%



China Shenhua Energy Co. Ltd.

IKF
0.14%



China Minsheng Banking Corp. Ltd.

GHFH
0.14%



Agricultural Bank of China Ltd.

EK7
0.13%



China Construction Bank Corp.

C6T
0.13%



China Petroleum & Chemical Corp.

CHU
0.12%



New China Life Insurance Co. Ltd.

NCL
0.12%




View more holdings
As of 02/28/2017


  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.84


Dividend frequency
Annually


Capital gain (2016)
n/a


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
-
-


2016
$0.84
-


2015
$0.01
-


2014
$1.12
$0.70


2013
$0.06
$0.26


2012
$0.24
$1.18


2011
$0.27
-


2010
$0.25
-


2009
$0.29
-


2008
$0.35
-


2007
$0.40
$1.35




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

-2.74%








CAT

1.49%








GM

-0.69%








FIT

0.36%








BIIB

0.63%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Global Allocation Fund (RPGAX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Global Allocation Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPGAX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$12.27
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								11.34%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$10.95
							
							-
							
								$12.28
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$251.94

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Global Allocation Fund among 
389,
389,
N/A
and 
N/A
World Allocation
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						03/31/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek long-term capital appreciation and income.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.13%
				
			

				
					14.13%
				
			


3 Years

				
					4.77%
				
			

				
					4.77%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 6.42%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							6.42%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							May 28, 2013
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.24%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						1.15%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							February 28, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

^ The fund's net expense ratio excludes expenses permanently waived as a result 
of investments in other T. Rowe Price mutual funds and expenses that were waived 
or borne by T. Rowe Price pursuant to the fund's expense limitation, but includes 
expenses associated with investments in non-T. Rowe Price investment companies.
		

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.

































Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Mon Jul 24 23:04:59 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari


































Columbia Threadneedle Investments


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home







































Share

Share



























Subscribe 












Overview



Overview


Performance


Capital Gains & Dividends


Portfolio
                                            Details


News


Literature
                                            & Resources


Perspectives


Disclosures



















Overview



























Strategy & Benefits

















Performance






Capital Gains & Dividends




Portfolio Details




















                                                Full Holdings (Unaudited)
                                            

View holdings as of



 













News



Literature & Resources

 






Disclosures





Performance
Performance for different share classes varies based on differences in sales charges and fees associated with each class. Not all Funds offer every class of shares.
Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include sales charges or contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC). If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class A and T: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class B: Class B shares are closed to new investors. Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).
Class C: Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a CDSC.
Class V: POP returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class R, R4, R5, Y and Z: Shares are sold only at NAV. Only eligible investors may purchase these shares. See the prospectus for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year.
†† For Columbia Adaptive Alternatives Fund, effective March 4, 2015, the investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually agreed (for at least twelve months after the date of the fund prospectus), in addition to an existing arrangement, to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the fund. The capped expense ratio consists of the gross expense ratio, as reflected in the fund's prospectus adjusted to reflect any fee waiver/expense reimbursement and excluding dividends and interest expense on securities sold short at the fund and underlying fund levels.
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund's share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
**Portfolio characteristics are subject to change periodically and may not be representative of current characteristics.

Morningstar Rating
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ used to rank the fund against other funds in the same category. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, without any adjustments for loads (front-end, deferred, or redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star (each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages).

Morningstar Percentile Rankings are based on the average annual total returns of the funds in the category for the periods stated and do not include any sales charges or redemption fees, but do not include 12b-1 fees and the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions. The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. Rankings for each share class will vary due to different expenses. Had sales charges or redemption fees been included, total returns would be lower.
Morningstar Style Box 
The Morningstar Style BoxTM is based on the Fund's portfolio holdings as of period end. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned, and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Information shown is based on the most recent data provided by Morningstar. The Morningstar style box data is updated on the 10th business day after every month end.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Definitions
Alpha measures the relationship between the Fund's performance and its beta over a three-year period. Alpha greater than 0.0 means an investment has performed better than the compared index given its level of risk. It can be viewed as a measure of the value added by the Fund manager.
Annual Distribution Rate at NAV: is based on the Fund's most recent distribution per share (annualized) divided by the Fund's NAV.
Average effective duration provides a measure of the fund's interest-rate sensitivity.
Beta measures a fund's risk relative to its benchmark The index is equivalent to 1.0. A fund with a beta greater than 1.0 has been more volatile than the index while a fund with a beta less than 1.0 has been less volatile.
Price-to-Book Ratio is a stock's price divided by its book value, and may help determine if the stock is valued fairly.
Price-to-Earnings Ratio is a stock's price divided by after-tax earnings over a trailing 12-month period, which serves as an indicator of value based on earnings.
R-Squared ranges from 0.00 to 100 and measures how closely the Fund's performance matches (or doesn't match) the performance of its benchmark index.
30-day SEC Yield: The SEC yield should be regarded as an estimate of the fund's rate of investment income reflecting an estimated yield to maturity (assuming all current portfolio holdings are held to maturity), and it may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate or the income paid to a shareholder's account. The yield shown reflects fee waivers in effect, if any. In the absence of such waivers, yields would be reduced. The fund may own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. If so, the yield will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these securities. This adjustment and the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown.
Unsubsidized 30-day SEC Yield: The unsubsidized yield shown is the SEC yield adjusted to reflect the gross expense ratio applicable to the class of shares shown and without regard to the contractual reimbursements and fee waivers required of the fund's investment manager and affiliates.
The 30-day yields may appear to be the same due to rounding.
The Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund and certain other funds own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. For a fund that owns TIPS or other inflation indexed securities, the SEC Yield, when shown, will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these types of securities. This adjustment as well as the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown. Absent the inflation adjustment, the yield shown may be materially different and may vary significantly from month to month, especially for a fund such as Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund which invests substantially in TIPS and other inflation indexed securities. In periods when the SEC yield is exceptionally high due to a rise in the inflation rate, it is important to bear in mind that the adjustment in the yield from the inflation rate may not be repeated.
Sharpe Ratio divides a fund's return in excess of the 90-day Treasury bill by the investment's standard deviation to measure risk-adjusted performance.
Standard Deviation is a statistical measure of the degree to which an individual value in a probability distribution tends to vary from the mean of the distribution.
Turnover Rate (fiscal year end%) measures the percentage of holdings that has been "turned over" or replaced, in the past year.
Average Coupon is a calculation of the total interest cost for a bond issue expressed as a percentage. The average coupon is equal to the total interest payments of an issue divided by bond year dollars.
Duration to Worst is the duration of a bond computed using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first. This measure ignores future cash flow fluctuations due to embedded optionality.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.


Performance
Returns shown do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges imposed by your Contract or Qualified Plan, or imposed on Accounts that may own shares directly. Inclusion of these charges would reduce total returns for all periods shown.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year. 
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund’s share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
The Columbia Variable Portfolios and Wanger Funds (the "Variable Funds") are available only through variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies issued by participating insurance companies or certain eligible retirement plans. The Variable Funds are not offered to the public. Not all Variable Funds and classes are available in all contracts, policies or plans. Please contact your financial advisor or insurance representative for more information.
Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Columbia Variable Portfolios. Columbia Wanger Asset Management, LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Wanger Funds. The variable funds are distributed by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA.


Performance
Effective 09/01/2016, performance reporting for Class A and Class AG with all sales charges reflects a maximum sales charge of 3.75% , except for the Columbia Conservative 529 Portfolio, FA Strategic Income 529 Portfolio, Columbia Income Opportunities 529 Portfolio, Columbia Total Return Bond 529 Portfolio, JP Morgan Core Bond 529 Portfolio, iShares TIPS Bond ETF 529 Portfolio, Templeton Global Bond 529 Portfolio and Columbia US Government Mortgage 529 Portfolio, which reflect a maximum sales charge of 3%. The Columbia College 529 Portfolio, Columbia Short Term Bond 529 Portfolio, Columbia Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio have no initial sales charges for Pricing Alternative A, but the Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio has a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) for Pricing Alternative C.
Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. Contact your financial advisor or visit columbiathreadneedle.com/us for a Program Description, which contains this and other important information about the Future Scholar College Savings Plan. Read it carefully before investing. You should also consider, before investing, whether the investor’s or designated beneficiary’s home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in such state’s qualified tuition program.
Expense ratios are as of the plan's most recent Program Brochure & Tuition Savings Agreement. Performance may reflect waivers or reimbursements of fund expenses by the adviser or its affiliates. Absent these waivers, or reimbursement arrangements, performance results may be lower. The net and gross expense ratios shown are updated on the first day of each month.
Total returns assume the reinvestment of all underlying fund distributions at NAV. Portfolio unit value (PUV) returns do not include sales charges or contingent deferred sales charges (CDSCs). If they were included, returns would have been lower.
Pricing Alternative B: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the applicable CDSC for the holding period after an initial purchase as follows: through the first year, 5%; second year, 4%; third year, 3%; fourth year, 3%; fifth year, 2%; sixth year, 1% and thereafter, 0%. These shares convert to Pricing Alternative A units in the eighth year after purchase. Effective December 1, 2010, Class B of each portfolio was closed to both new accounts and additional contributions to existing accounts.
Pricing Alternative C: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of a 1% CDSC for the first year after purchase except for the Conservative 529 and College 529 Portfolios as well as the single-fund fixed-income portfolios and the Legacy Capital Preservation 529 Portfolio, which have a 0.75% CDSC.
Pricing Alternative E: Units are sold only at portfolio unit value (PUV). Only eligible investors may purchase these units. See the program description for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Pricing Alternative Z: Units are sold only at portfolio unit value (PUV). Only eligible investors may purchase these units. See the program description for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Contributions initially invested directly into the Columbia Bank Deposit 529 Portfolio are not subject to the imposition of an initial or deferred sales charge under any Pricing Alternative.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA, is the distributor and underwriter for the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan Financial Advisor Program. The Office of State Treasurer of South Carolina (the State Treasurer) administers the Program, and has selected Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (Columbia Management) as Program Manager. Columbia Management and its affiliates are responsible for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and investment services, and for the marketing of the Program. Columbia Management is not affiliated with the State Treasurer.
Investments made in the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan:

The Advisor Plan is sold exclusively through financial advisors, while the Direct Plan is sold directly by the Program. Participation in the Direct Plan is limited to a select group of investors, as described in the Program Description. The Direct Plan offers a more limited selection of investment choices than the Advisor Plan, and the fees and expenses are lower. Please refer to the Program Description for more information.











































































































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help






































Mutual Funds | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home






























View capital gains  |  View distribution calendar


Mutual Funds


Subscribe   Export to .csv   Export to .tsv 





Subscribe Export to .csv  Export to .tsv




View capital gains  |  View distribution calendar







Hidden url for search

















Filter Funds








Filter by:


Featured Mutual Funds



4 & 5 Star Funds









                                Investment Category 


Domestic
                                        Equity 


International
                                        Equity 


Asset
                                        Allocation / Alternative



Taxable
                                        Fixed Income 


Tax-Exempt
                                        Fixed Income 


Money
                                        Market 









                                Investor Goals 


Generate
                                        an appropriate stream of income in retirement



Grow
                                        assets to achieve financial goals



Navigate
                                        a changing interest rate environment



Ease
                                        the impact of volatile markets



Maximize
                                        after-tax returns










                        Apply Filters
                    



                        Clear
                    








Title







                                    CLEAR ALL
                                



[Message explaining that funds have been filtered to
                                the user's firm.]
                            

                                SHOW ALL FUNDS
                            














Class
                                        

 




                                            Performance
                                        




NAV
POP or W/CDSC






Monthly
Quarterly
                                                        






Display
                                        




 Primary
                                                        Benchmark 





 Morningstar
                                                        Category Average 














Average Annual Total Returns (%) at NAV
                                            as of 

Expense Ratio as of
                                            


 

Fund Name

YTD % as of  
YTD % as of  
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
Since Incept*
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
Since Incept*
Incept Date
Gross
Net













Class
                                        


 











Prices as of
                                            
30-day SEC Yield as of
                                            





Fund
                                            Name

NAV $

POP $

NAV chg($)

NAV chg(%)

SEC Yield (%)

Unsubsidized SEC Yield
                                            (%)














Class
                                        






Display


 Group by Morningstar
                                                Category 











Morningstar RatingAs of
                                            




Fund Name
                                        
Overall
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
Morningstar Category
                                        



















































View the XBRL version of the prospectus and supplements.

Risk
Please see the Fund's prospectus in the Literature section of the page for a description of risks associated with the Fund.

Performance
Performance data shown represents past performance and is not a guarantee of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data shown. Returns shown assume reinvestment of distributions and do not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder would pay on fund distributions or the redemption of fund shares.
Performance for different share classes varies based on differences in sales charges and fees associated with each class. Not all Funds offer every class of shares.
Class A: Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include sales charges. If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class A and T: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class B: Class B shares are closed to new investors. Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC). If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class B: Class B shares are closed to new investors. Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).
Class C: Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC). If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class C: Returns W/CDSC are calculated with the effect of a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).
Class V: Net asset value (NAV) returns do not include sales charges. If they were included, returns would be lower.
Class V: Public offering price (POP) returns are calculated with the effect of the maximum initial sales charge.
Class R, R4, R5, Y and Z: Shares are sold only at Net asset value (NAV). Only eligible investors may purchase these shares. See the prospectus for eligibility requirements and other important information.
Gross expense ratio: Fund expense ratios are calculated based on the Fund's average net assets during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year (or based on estimated amounts for funds that have been in existence less than one year), and have not been adjusted for current asset levels. If adjusted for any decrease or increase in assets, expense ratios would be higher or lower, respectively, than the numbers shown above. Please see the Fund's prospectus for additional details.
Net expense ratio: Net expenses are after expense waiver/reimbursement. The investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually (for at least the current fiscal year) agreed to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the Fund, as described in the Fund's prospectus, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund's board. Fee waivers/expense caps would limit the impact that any decrease in assets would have on net expense ratios in the current fiscal year.
†† For Columbia Adaptive Alternatives Fund, effective March 4, 2015, the investment manager and certain of its affiliates have contractually agreed (for at least twelve months after the date of the fund prospectus), in addition to an existing arrangement, to waive certain fees and/or to reimburse certain expenses of the fund. The capped expense ratio consists of the gross expense ratio, as reflected in the fund's prospectus adjusted to reflect any fee waiver/expense reimbursement and excluding dividends and interest expense on securities sold short at the fund and underlying fund levels.
*Inception date shown is the share class inception date. The since inception returns shown are since fund inception. Returns shown for periods prior to the fund's share class inception date include the returns of the oldest share class of the fund, adjusted to reflect higher class-related operating expenses, as applicable. In addition, the returns shown include the returns of any predecessor to the fund. Click here for more information.
**Portfolio characteristics are subject to change periodically and may not be representative of current characteristics.
Morningstar Rating
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ used to rank the fund against other funds in the same category. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, without any adjustments for loads (front-end, deferred, or redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star (each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages).
Morningstar Percentile Rankings are based on the average annual total returns of the funds in the category for the periods stated. They do not include sales charges or redemption fees but do include operating expenses and the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions. The highest (most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (least favorable) percentile rank is 100. Share class rankings vary due to different expenses. If sales charges or redemption fees were included, total returns would be lower.
Morningstar Style Box 
The Morningstar Style BoxTM is based on the Fund's portfolio holdings as of period end. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned, and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Information shown is based on the most recent data provided by Morningstar. The Morningstar style box data is updated on the 10th business day after every month end.
© 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Definitions
Alpha measures the relationship between the Fund's performance and its beta over a three-year period. Alpha greater than 0.0 means an investment has performed better than the compared index given its level of risk. It can be viewed as a measure of the value added by the Fund manager.
Average effective duration provides a measure of the fund's interest-rate sensitivity.
Beta measures a fund's risk relative to its benchmark The index is equivalent to 1.0. A fund with a beta greater than 1.0 has been more volatile than the index while a fund with a beta less than 1.0 has been less volatile.
Annual Distribution Rate at NAV: is based on the Fund’s most recent distribution per share (annualized) divided by the Fund’s NAV.
Price-to-Book Ratio is a stock's price divided by its book value, and may help determine if the stock is valued fairly.
Price-to-Earnings Ratio is a stock's price divided by after-tax earnings over a trailing 12-month period, which serves as an indicator of value based on earnings.
R-Squared ranges from 0.00 to 100 and measures how closely the Fund's performance matches (or doesn't match) the performance of its benchmark index.
30-day SEC Yield: The SEC yield should be regarded as an estimate of the fund's rate of investment income reflecting an estimated yield to maturity (assuming all current portfolio holdings are held to maturity), and it may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate or the income paid to a shareholder's account. The yield shown reflects fee waivers in effect, if any. In the absence of such waivers, yields would be reduced. The fund may own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. If so, the yield will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these securities. This adjustment and the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown.
Unsubsidized 30-day SEC Yield: The unsubsidized yield shown is the SEC yield adjusted to reflect the gross expense ratio applicable to the class of shares shown and without regard to the contractual reimbursements and fee waivers required of the fund's investment manager and affiliates.
The 30-day yields may appear to be the same due to rounding.
The Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund and certain other funds own treasury inflation protected securities (TIPS) or other inflation indexed securities. For a fund that owns TIPS or other inflation indexed securities, the SEC Yield, when shown, will reflect an inflation adjustment that is attributable to these types of securities. This adjustment as well as the resulting yield can be positive (in the case of inflation) or negative (in the case of deflation) during the period shown. Absent the inflation adjustment, the yield shown may be materially different and may vary significantly from month to month, especially for a fund such as Columbia Inflation Protection Securities Fund which invests substantially in TIPS and other inflation indexed securities. In periods when the SEC yield is exceptionally high due to a rise in the inflation rate, it is important to bear in mind that the adjustment in the yield from the inflation rate may not be repeated.
Sharpe Ratio divides a fund's return in excess of the 90-day Treasury bill by the investment's standard deviation to measure risk-adjusted performance.
Standard Deviation is a statistical measure of the degree to which an individual value in a probability distribution tends to vary from the mean of the distribution.
Turnover Rate (fiscal year end%) measures the percentage of holdings that has been "turned over" or replaced, in the past year.
Average Coupon is a calculation of the total interest cost for a bond issue expressed as a percentage. The average coupon is equal to the total interest payments of an issue divided by bond year dollars.
Duration to Worst is the duration of a bond computed using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first. This measure ignores future cash flow fluctuations due to embedded optionality.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. For index descriptions, click here.
























                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help







































Financial Professionals | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home























Solutions you can trust, in markets you can’t.
Because consistency is a beautiful thing.
Why it matters

Find a Mutual Fund








Which events could move markets in 2017?

VIEW TOP 6








 











Filter by:
View all



Domestic Equity



International
                            Equity 


Asset
                            Allocation / Alternative



Taxable Fixed
                            Income 


Tax-Exempt
                            Fixed Income 


Money Market



Share:

 















INVESTOR GOALS

View all






 
Generate Income





 

Generate Income
Give your clients the opportunity to retire with confidence.








 
Interest Rates





 

Navigate Rates
Position your clients for success with strategies that can navigate changing interest rates.








 
Tax Efficiency





 

Tax Efficiency
Help your clients keep more of what they earn.








 
Asset Growth





 

Grow Assets
Find smarter, faster ways to grow your clients' assets.








 
Manage Volatility





featured
 

Manage Volatility
Help protect your clients' savings and withstand market volatility.
























MY FUNDS


Edit my fund list







Select funds to display





Cancel


Save





Create a customized list so you can track and watch your funds.
Choose Funds

            NOTE: Your fund selections will be automatically saved for you using browser cookies. If you clear your
            cookies or use a different computer or browser to access this page, you will not see your saved fund
            selections.
        










Perspectives



 | 
View more



Stay informed on industry news and trends with insights from our thought leaders.

















New & Noteworthy
View capital gains View distribution calendar































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help






































529 Plans Information for Financial Professionals  | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home























 










The Future Scholar 529 Plan











With a 529 plan, parents, relatives and friends can help fund a significant portion of a loved one's future college expenses and at the same time enjoy many added benefits as a 529 plan account owner. A knowledgeable advisor who understands how these benefits work can help maximize the power of a 529 plan.

The Future Scholar 529 Plan can provide you with the knowledge and resources you need to tailor an education funding plan to each family’s needs and develop rewarding and lasting, multi-generational relationships.
Advantages for account owners

Ability to remove assets from a taxable estate. Annual gift tax exclusion limits per beneficiary for 2016: $14,000/individual and $28,000/married couples.
Five-year accelerated gifting option allows up to five times the annual limit to be gifted in a single year. Five-year forward gifting limits: $70,000/individual and $140,000/married couples.
	
Learn more about the gifting benefits of a 529 plan with our Advanced Gifting article 


Maintain complete control of the account (including ability to revoke gifts), even though contributions are considered completed gifts and are excluded from the account owner’s taxable estate.
Grow account free of federal taxes (and in many states, also state income tax free).
"Max fund" a 529 plan. With many 529 plans allowing balances over $300,000, account owners may consider giving above their annual gifting limit to "max fund" a plan up to the maximum account balance and remove more assets from their taxable estate. This involves using some of your Unified Credit (your lifetime gift/estimate tax exclusion), currently $5.45 million for 2016.
Possibly avoid new taxes

Beginning in 2013, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 imposed a new 3.8% net investment income tax on certain unearned income of high-income individuals, estates and certain trusts
Contributing to a 529 plan could help high-net-worth investors mitigate or avoid this tax
Growth in a 529, as well as distributions, are not subject to the 3.8% tax



Prepare your clients for future college costs
Saving for college may seem overwhelming, but the sooner your clients start planning the better off they will be. Columbia Threadneedle Investments offers a variety of tools you can use with clients to help estimate their personal circumstances.

Our College Savings Projector calculator can provide a personalized, realistic estimate of what college will cost and what it will take to save for it.
The Expected Family Contribution (EFC) calculator can provide an estimate of how much a family may be expected to contribute out-of-pocket when it comes time to pay for college.

Call your Columbia Threadneedle Investments representative to take advantage of our education funding resources.
Offering all of the benefits provided by the Internal Revenue Code Section 529, plus:

A multi-managed investment lineup with leading money managers View options 
23 single fund options and seven asset allocation portfolios.
Strategic and tactical management of asset allocation portfolios
Age-based risk tracks, which take into consideration a family's risk tolerance in addition to their child's age








































529 Contact
Have a question? Contact us at:
888.244.5674
Monday through Friday
8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. Eastern
























Disclosures

Asset allocation does not assure a profit or protect against loss.
Your clients should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses associated with 529 plans before investing. Contact Columbia Threadneedle Investments for a Program Description, which provides this and other important information about the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan. The Program Description should be read carefully before investing. Your clients should also consider, before investing, whether their or the designated beneficiary’s home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in such state’s qualified tuition program.
Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., member FINRA, is the distributor and underwriter for the Future Scholar 529 College Savings Plan Financial Advisor Program. The Office of State Treasurer of South Carolina (the State Treasurer) administers the Program and has selected Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC and Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (Columbia Management) as Program Manager. Columbia Management and its affiliates are responsible for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and investment services, and for the marketing of the Program. Columbia Management is not affiliated with the State Treasurer.
Any tax information given on this site is general in nature and does not constitute tax advice on the part of Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. or its affiliates. The information cannot be used for the purposes of avoiding penalties and taxes. Consult with your tax advisor regarding how aspects of a 529 plan relate to your own specific circumstances.

























                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help

















	VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund | Responsive Allocation - Rooted in Evidence- VanEck





















































 




 Corporate Home    



VanEck 



Home 

Choose Your ETF 

About VanEck   
   

















   



Responsive Allocation, Rooted in Evidence.
Access institutional-quality data through an objective asset allocation approach that dynamically responds to changing markets. 


 Print   





























 
   













VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund (NDRMX) (the "Fund") was developed by VanEck in partnership with Ned Davis Research           (NDR), one of the world's leading researchers of the indicators that drive financial markets. It tactically adjusts its asset class exposures each month across global stocks, U.S. fixed income, and cash with the flexibility to adapt to market conditions.
Utilizing an objective, data-driven process based on macroeconomic, fundamental, and technical indicators           developed by NDR, the Fund invests based on the weight-of-the-evidence of its objective indicators, removing human emotion and decision making from the investment process.
















Fund Allocations as of July 5, 2017

 

The neutral position, which is provided by Ned Davis Research, Inc., represents the starting point of the VE NDR Model absent an alternative recommendation once the model takes into considerations the indicators that yield the global tactical allocation model. These are not recommendations to buy or sell any security.
Visit the                                                                                                                                                                         
                    VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund's (NDRMX)  page for more information, including the most recent Fund performance.   

















Videos



    
 VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund Celebrates Anniversary (5:01) 
            David Schassler, Portfolio Manager, VanEck and Associated Director



    
 VanEck and Ned Davis Research Offer a New Approach to Asset Allocation (6:20) 
            Jan van Eck, CEO



 


 



    
 VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund: Investing Beyond the Traditional 60/40 (4:54) 
            David Schassler, Portfolio Manager, VanEck, and Lisa Michalski, Associate Director, Ned Davis Research, Custom Research Solutions



 























Subscribe to Blog Updates
Portfolio Manager David Schassler provides monthly updates on the portfolio's asset allocation as well as insightful commentary on NDR's vast array of indicators.

Read the latest allocation blog.   










































Fund Details



Ticker
NDRMX/NDRUX/NDRYX 

Inception Date
05/11/2016 

Benchmark
60% MSCI AGWI/40% Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate 

Morningstar Category
Tactical Allocation 

Distribution Frequency
Annual 

Expense Ratios




Class
Gross
Net 

A
3.60%
1.38% 

I
3.21%
1.08% 

Y
4.38%
1.13%      

Expenses are capped contractually until 05/01/18 at 1.15% for Class A, 0.85% for Class I, 0.90% for Class Y. Caps exclude certain expenses, such as interest.


























Fund Materials

 
 Fact Sheet 
 
 Invest, Just Don't Behave Like An Investor Flyer 
 
 Let's Mingle - Get to Know the Fund's Combination of Indicators 
 
 1 Year Anniversary Press Release  


















 Important Disclosure
The Fund's benchmark is a blended index consisting of 60% MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) and 40% Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index. The MSCI ACWI captures large and mid cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) and 23 Emerging Markets (EM) countries and covers approximately 85% of the global investable equity opportunity set. The MSCI benchmark is a gross return index which reinvests as much as possible of a company's gross dividend distributions. The Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index is a broad-based benchmark that measures the investment grade, U.S. dollar-denominated, fixed-rate taxable bond market. This includes treasuries, government-related and corporate securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and collateralized mortgage-backed securities.
Portfolio facts and statistics are shown for Class A shares only unless otherwise noted; other classes may have different characteristics.
You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Any investment in the Fund should be part of an overall investment program rather than a complete program. All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal. Because the Fund is a "fund-of-funds," an investor will indirectly bear the principal risks of the exchange traded products in which it invests, including but not limited to, risks associated with smaller companies, foreign securities, emerging markets, debt securities, commodities, and derivatives. The Fund will bear its share of the fees and expenses of the exchange-traded products. Consequently, an investment in the Fund entails more direct and indirect expenses than a direct investment in an exchange-traded product. Because the Fund invests in exchange-traded products, it is subject to additional risks that do not apply to conventional mutual funds, including the risks that the market price of an exchange-traded product's shares may be higher or lower than the value of its underlying assets, there may be a lackof liquidity in the shares of the exchange-traded product, or trading may be halted by the exchange on which they trade. Principal risks of investing in foreign securities include changes in currency rates, foreign taxation and differences in auditing and other financial standards. Debt securities may be subject to credit risk and interest rate risk. Investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. Because Van Eck Associates Corporation relies heavily on third party quantitative models, the Fund is also subject to model and data risk. For a description of these and other risk considerations, please refer to the Fund's prospectus and summary prospectus, which should be read carefully before you invest.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Please call 800.826.2333 or visit www.vaneck.com for performance information current to the most recent month end and for a prospectus and summary prospectus. An investor should consider the Fund's investment objective, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this as well as other information. Please read them carefully before investing.

              Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor 
              666 Third Avenue 
              New York, NY 10017 800.826.2333©  VanEck.




  

















































Contact Details
Corporate Home Offices
(212) 293-2000  
 666 Third Avenue 
          New York, NY 10017 


Follow Us
 LinkedIn  
 Twitter  
 YouTube  






 ©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.  


  


































×











