


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price International Bond Fund (RPIBX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				International Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIBX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.95
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								8.62%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.18
							
							-
							
								$9.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$5,240.21

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the International Bond Fund among 
308,
308,
258
and 
126
World Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to provide high current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in high-quality, nondollar-denominated bonds outside the U.S.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							1.29%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-2.13%
				
			

				
					-2.13%
				
			


3 Years

				
					-2.05%
				
			

				
					-2.05%
				
			


5 Years

				
					-0.05%
				
			

				
					-0.05%
				
			


10 Years

				
					2.84%
				
			

				
					2.84%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.63%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.63%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 10, 1986
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The International Bond Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Mon Jul 24 23:05:29 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/24/2017









            NAV
        

down -$0.01


$7.82




            POP


$7.82




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.66%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index


MSCI EAFE Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 


 









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 















































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.
















































































International Growth Fund (OIGYX) | OppenheimerFunds





































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




























International Equity



International Growth Fund


1





The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.





CLASS A: OIGAX                CUSIP: 68380L100


CLASS B: IGRWX                CUSIP: 68380L209


CLASS C: OIGCX                CUSIP: 68380L308


CLASS I: OIGIX                CUSIP: 68380L605


CLASS R: OIGNX                CUSIP: 68380L506


CLASS Y: OIGYX                CUSIP: 68380L407













Print




Morningstar Overall Rating








Rated 4 stars by Morningstar among
324 funds in the Foreign Large Growth
Category for the 3-, 5-, and 10- year periods ended 6/30/17,
based on risk-adjusted performance.















CHALLENGE PERCEPTIONS.


Expand



Close











CHALLENGE PERCEPTIONS.
Investors assume the middle class is shrinking. But Africa is a strong market for beverage producers and Asian consumers are helping luxury brands thrive.


THE REALITY
Investments that focus on rising mass affluence will benefit as half the world’s population becomes middle class by 2025.

Learn more about Challenge the Index

















Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Standard Investment Chartered Inc
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Product Positioning



Fact Sheet



Fund Commentary



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Go to literature center







Morningstar Tools







Compare Funds



Hypothetical Tool







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 9/7/05

126%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



International Equity



International Growth Fund


1






 Y 

Share Class






Morningstar Compare
Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

16.25%
2.13%
9.53%
3.93%
7.13%



With Sales Charge

16.25%
2.13%
9.53%
3.93%
7.13%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
0.89%
Net Expense Ratio:

2


3


 
0.89%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


4



























International Growth Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00

























Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/24/17

















































 
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



B









International Growth Fund
–
30.18
12.93
-41.22
38.44
15.35
-7.32
22.10
25.46
-6.99
3.44
-2.06

17.42




MSCI AC World ex USA


4




16.62


26.65


16.65


-45.53


41.45


11.15


-13.71


16.83


15.29


-3.87


-5.66


4.50

—










The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%







Gross Expense Ratio





0.89%





NAV



C







as of 7/24/17


$40.72







The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Issuers


5



06/30/17










Infineon Technologies AG

2.3%








SAP SE

1.9%








Nippon Telegraph & Telephone

1.8%








Valeo SA

1.8%








Carnival Corp.

1.6%








Hero MotoCorp Ltd.

1.5%








Continental AG

1.5%








Keyence Corp.

1.5%








Lonza Group AG

1.5%








Temenos Group AG

1.5%










Nidec Corp.

1.4%








Atlas Copco AB 

1.4%








CCL Industries, Inc.

1.4%








Grifols SA

1.4%








SEB S.A.

1.4%








Aalberts Industries NV

1.3%








Dollarama, Inc. 

1.3%








Heineken NV

1.3%








LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuit...

1.2%








Atos Origin S.A.

1.2%











×









2.3%


Infineon Technologies AG



Engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, and marketing semiconductors and its related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.9%


SAP SE



Provides e-business software solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Nippon Telegraph & Telephone



Operates as a holding company which interests in wired and wireless telecommunication services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Valeo SA



Engages in the designing, production and marketing of automotive equipment
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


Carnival Corp.



Operates luxury cruises ships
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Hotels Restaurants & Leisure




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Hero MotoCorp Ltd.



Operates as a two wheeler manufacturing company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


India




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Automobiles




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Continental AG



Manufactures motor vehicle accessories and rubber products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Keyence Corp.



Manufactures and sells sensors and measuring instruments
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Lonza Group AG



Engages in the supply of pharmaceutical, healthcare, and life science products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Temenos Group AG



Provides banking software systems to retail, corporate, universal, private, Islamic, microfinance and community banks, wealth managers, and financial institutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.4%


Nidec Corp.



Manufactures small-scale spindle motors for hard disk drives and other electronic devices
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Electrical Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Atlas Copco AB 



Provides industrial productivity solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Sweden




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


CCL Industries, Inc.



Provides packaging and labeling services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Materials




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Grifols SA



Manufactures plasma-derived biological medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Spain




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Biotechnology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


SEB S.A.



Engages in the manufacturing of small domestic equipment and cookware
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Aalberts Industries NV



Engages in the development of industrial products and systems
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.3%


Dollarama, Inc. 



Offers a broad range of consumer products and general merchandise for everyday use
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Heineken NV



Produces and distributes beer and non-alcoholic beverages
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Staples




INDUSTRY


Beverages




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton



Operates as a holding company with interests in manufacturing beverages and other luxury goods
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


Atos Origin S.A.



Provides information technology and consulting services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


IT Services




MARKET CAP


Large
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 06/30/17







Reset








Country 5



Region 5



Sector 5



Industry 5



Asset Allocation 5



Market Cap 6












18.9%France








17.1%United Kingdom


No Issuer Equity  in  United Kingdom






10.6%Germany








10.3%Switzerland








8.3%Japan








5.8%Netherlands








5.1%Spain








4.7%Canada








4.5%Denmark


No Issuer Equity  in  Denmark






2.8%Australia


No Issuer Equity  in  Australia






2.2%India








2.2%Sweden








1.6%United States








1.0%Finland


No Issuer Equity  in  Finland






0.9%Thailand


No Issuer Equity  in  Thailand






0.7%South Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  South Africa






0.7%Belgium


No Issuer Equity  in  Belgium









Developed Markets 5



Emerging Markets 5












76.2%Europe


No Issuer Equity  in  Europe






11.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






6.3%Americas


No Issuer Equity  in  Americas








3.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






0.7%Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  Africa











22.4%Consumer Discretionary








18.9%Industrials








16.2%Information Technology








13.4%Health Care








11.2%Consumer Staples








5.3%Telecommunication Services








4.8%Materials








3.7%Financials


No Issuer Equity  in  Financials






1.5%Energy


No Issuer Equity  in  Energy










5.1%Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods








5.0%Software








4.8%Health Care Equipment & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Health Care Equipment & Supplies






4.3%Auto Components








4.3%Diversified Telecommunication Services








4.3%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment








4.1%Trading Companies & Distributors


No Issuer Equity  in  Trading Companies & Distributors






3.7%Electrical Equipment








3.7%Pharmaceuticals


No Issuer Equity  in  Pharmaceuticals






3.6%Machinery








3.4%Automobiles








3.2%Beverages








3.1%Hotels Restaurants & Leisure








2.9%Commercial Services & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Commercial Services & Supplies






2.7%Food Products


No Issuer Equity  in  Food Products






2.7%Biotechnology








2.6%Chemicals


No Issuer Equity  in  Chemicals






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Issuer Equity  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%IT Services








2.4%Media


No Issuer Equity  in  Media










97.4%












78.3%Large








18.4%Mid








0.6%Small


No Issuer Equity  in  Small




















Morningstar










as of 6/30/17






(based on risk adjusted performance)






Overall Rating








Number of Funds
324


Category
Foreign Large Growth








Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
1.42%


Beta
0.91



R-Squared



83.79



Sharpe Ratio



0.21



Standard Deviation



12.40%



Sortino Ratio




0.09



Information Ratio




0.26







Equity Style



D

















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$25.8 BN














Morningstar Analyst Rating


7






as of 6/28/2017












Portfolio Statistics










as of 6/30/17








Avg Market Cap (weighted)
32.6 BN


Median Market Cap (weighted)
16.1 BN


P/E (next 12 months)
18.19


P/E Operating (LTM)
22.83


Price/Book Value (LTM)
3.38



Turnover Ratio



9.00%





Investment Minimums





Initial



$1,000





Dividends

($ per share)




E









Est Frequency
Annual


Last Pay Date
12/14/16


Per Share ($)
0.4648


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.4648






Distribution Sources










Net Income
100.00%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
0.00%











Top Issuers


5



06/30/17











Infineon Techno...

2.3%








SAP SE

1.9%








Nippon Telegrap...

1.8%








Valeo SA

1.8%








Carnival Corp.

1.6%








Hero MotoCorp L...

1.5%








Continental AG

1.5%








Keyence Corp.

1.5%








Lonza Group AG

1.5%








Temenos Group A...

1.5%









Next







Nidec Corp.

1.4%








Atlas Copco AB ...

1.4%








CCL Industries,...

1.4%








Grifols SA

1.4%








SEB S.A.

1.4%








Aalberts Indust...

1.3%








Dollarama, Inc....

1.3%








Heineken NV

1.3%








LVMH Moet Henne...

1.2%








Atos Origin S.A...

1.2%









Previous






Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




Country
Developed Markets
Emerging Markets
Sector
Industry
Asset Allocation
Market Cap








18.9%France








17.1%United Kingdom


No Issuer Equity  in  United Kingdom






10.6%Germany








10.3%Switzerland








8.3%Japan








5.8%Netherlands








5.1%Spain








4.7%Canada








4.5%Denmark


No Issuer Equity  in  Denmark






2.8%Australia


No Issuer Equity  in  Australia






2.2%India








2.2%Sweden








1.6%United States








1.0%Finland


No Issuer Equity  in  Finland






0.9%Thailand


No Issuer Equity  in  Thailand






0.7%South Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  South Africa






0.7%Belgium


No Issuer Equity  in  Belgium










76.2%Europe


No Issuer Equity  in  Europe






11.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






6.3%Americas


No Issuer Equity  in  Americas








3.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






0.7%Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  Africa










22.4%Consumer Discretionary








18.9%Industrials








16.2%Information Technology








13.4%Health Care








11.2%Consumer Staples








5.3%Telecommunication Services








4.8%Materials








3.7%Financials


No Issuer Equity  in  Financials






1.5%Energy


No Issuer Equity  in  Energy










5.1%Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods








5.0%Software








4.8%Health Care Equipment & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Health Care Equipment & Supplies






4.3%Auto Components








4.3%Diversified Telecommunication Services








4.3%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment








4.1%Trading Companies & Distributors


No Issuer Equity  in  Trading Companies & Distributors






3.7%Electrical Equipment








3.7%Pharmaceuticals


No Issuer Equity  in  Pharmaceuticals






3.6%Machinery








3.4%Automobiles








3.2%Beverages








3.1%Hotels Restaurants & Leisure








2.9%Commercial Services & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Commercial Services & Supplies






2.7%Food Products


No Issuer Equity  in  Food Products






2.7%Biotechnology








2.6%Chemicals


No Issuer Equity  in  Chemicals






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Issuer Equity  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%IT Services








2.4%Media


No Issuer Equity  in  Media










97.4%












78.3%Large








18.4%Mid








0.6%Small


No Issuer Equity  in  Small














×









2.3%


Infineon Technologies AG



Engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, and marketing semiconductors and its related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.9%


SAP SE



Provides e-business software solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Nippon Telegraph & Telephone



Operates as a holding company which interests in wired and wireless telecommunication services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Valeo SA



Engages in the designing, production and marketing of automotive equipment
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


Carnival Corp.



Operates luxury cruises ships
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Hotels Restaurants & Leisure




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Hero MotoCorp Ltd.



Operates as a two wheeler manufacturing company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


India




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Automobiles




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Continental AG



Manufactures motor vehicle accessories and rubber products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Keyence Corp.



Manufactures and sells sensors and measuring instruments
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Lonza Group AG



Engages in the supply of pharmaceutical, healthcare, and life science products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Temenos Group AG



Provides banking software systems to retail, corporate, universal, private, Islamic, microfinance and community banks, wealth managers, and financial institutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.4%


Nidec Corp.



Manufactures small-scale spindle motors for hard disk drives and other electronic devices
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Electrical Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Atlas Copco AB 



Provides industrial productivity solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Sweden




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


CCL Industries, Inc.



Provides packaging and labeling services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Materials




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Grifols SA



Manufactures plasma-derived biological medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Spain




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Biotechnology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


SEB S.A.



Engages in the manufacturing of small domestic equipment and cookware
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Aalberts Industries NV



Engages in the development of industrial products and systems
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.3%


Dollarama, Inc. 



Offers a broad range of consumer products and general merchandise for everyday use
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Heineken NV



Produces and distributes beer and non-alcoholic beverages
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Staples




INDUSTRY


Beverages




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton



Operates as a holding company with interests in manufacturing beverages and other luxury goods
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


Atos Origin S.A.



Provides information technology and consulting services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


IT Services




MARKET CAP


Large





















Management















George R. Evans, CFA





Managed Fund since
3/96
















Robert Dunphy, CFA





Managed Fund since
3/12










Investment Approach

The portfolio managers invest in well-established foreign businesses that appear likely to grow at a faster pace than world GDP and may benefit from four distinctive global themes that we call MANTRA®: Mass Affluence, New Technology, Restructuring and Aging. Within this framework, the portfolio managers rely on fundamental analysis to search for various types of quality growth companies with sustainable competitive advantages and above industry revenue growth.



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


Global Equity Risk Management
We construct diversified portfolios with a bottom-up approach to stock selection, regardless of index orientation. Individual position sizes reflect our confidence in a stock’s risk/reward profile and our understanding of industry dynamics. Sector, industry and country weightings are residuals of our bottom-up stock selection process. Portfolio Managers continuously monitor all holdings to assess any developments that may affect investment theses. An independent Risk Management team also monitors the portfolios, including active security, industry and sector weights, projected volatility and tracking error, exposure to unintended factor bets, and liquidity risk.
Enterprise Risk Management
Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm’s Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.
Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics

The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.
We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.

Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes and political and economic uncertainties.


×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











Product Positioning













Fact Sheet













Fund Commentary













SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













Sales Charge & Commission Guide









Go to literature center









Insights












International Equity
The Latest on Oppenheimer International Growth Fund

July 18, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager




Robert Dunphy
Portfolio Manager



Quarterly performance and portfolio positioning for Oppenheimer International Growth Fund.











International Equity
International Equities: Poised to Climb?

June 01, 2017



A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.











International Equity
10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities

June 01, 2017



Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.











International Equity
An Innovative Approach to Investing in Developing Markets

May 23, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans, CIO Equities, explains why the traditional approach to developing markets is outdated.











GrowthSpotting
An Investment Perspective on the French Election

April 21, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager




Alice Fricke
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



The election's long-term impact on French portfolio holdings should be limited.











International Equity
The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe

April 13, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



Europe's innovative companies and brand leaders make for a long-term opportunity.











International Equity
Q&A: The Road Ahead for International Equities

March 30, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



Equities CIO George Evans answers questions on the outlook for international equities.











GrowthSpotting
GrowthSpotting: Profitable Long-Term Trends






George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans explains how we cut through market noise to explore profitable, long-term trends.












Markets & Economy
Mid-Year 2017 Outlook






Krishna Memani
Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager 



As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.












International Equity
Our Approach to International Growth Investing






George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans explains the themes that help him select international growth stocks.











Loading...



×











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


3. 
For Share Classes with less than a one-year track record, expense ratios are estimated based on the Manager's projections of those expenses for the coming fiscal year.


4. 
Access index definitions.


5. 
Holdings are subject to change, and are dollar weighted based on total net assets. Negative weightings may result from the use of leverage. Leverage involves the use of various financial instruments or borrowed capital in an attempt to increase investment return. Leverage risks include potential for higher volatility, greater decline of the fund's net asset value and fluctuations of dividends and distributions paid by the fund.


6. 
Holdings are subject to change, are dollar-weighted based on assets, and may not reflect the use of leverage in the Fund. Market Cap breakdown is calculated using Morningstar's methodology and those capitalization standards may not align with those in the Fund’s prospectus.


7. 
The Morningstar Analyst Rating is not a credit or risk rating but a subjective evaluation performed by the analysts of Morningstar, Inc. (Mstar). Mstar evaluates funds based on five key pillars (process, performance, people, parent and price). Mstar's analysts use this evaluation to identify funds they believe are more likely to outperform over the long term on a risk-adjusted basis. Analysts consider quantitative and qualitative factors and the weightings of each pillar may vary. The Analyst Rating reflects overall assessment and is overseen by Morningstar's Analyst Rating Committee. The analyst rating scale is five-tiered, with three positive ratings (Gold, Silver, Bronze), a Neutral rating and a Negative rating, with Gold being the highest rating and Negative being the lowest rating. The Mstar Analyst Ratings should not be used as the sole basis in evaluating a mutual fund and are based on Mstar's current expectations about future events. Mstar does not represent ratings as a guarantee.  Analyst Ratings involve unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause Mstar's expectations not to occur or to differ significantly.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


C. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩


D. 
OppenheimerFunds' equity style box is based on the portfolio's overall targeted capitalization range and relative valuation as determined by OFI.
↩


E. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩













You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )














Mutual Funds: International Growth Fund | AB




































































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  












 
AB International Growth Fund 
								 









Daily Price
as of










share


Email


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn










 




overview


performance


peer comparison


holdings


characteristics


distribution




 

 

RISKS TO CONSIDER

Market Risk: The market values of the portfolio’s holdings rise and fall from day to day, so investments may lose value.
Foreign (Non-US) Risk: Non-US securities may be more volatile because of political, regulatory, market and economic uncertainties associated with such securities. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect the value of the investment or reduce returns. These risks are magnified in emerging or developing markets.
Capitalization Size Risk (Small/Mid): Small- and mid-cap stocks are often more volatile than large-cap stocks―smaller companies generally face higher risks due to their limited product lines, markets and financial resources.
Derivatives Risk: Investing in derivative instruments such as options, futures, forwards or swaps can be riskier than traditional investments, and may be more volatile, especially in a down market.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund/Portfolio carefully before investing. For copies of our prospectus or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, click here or contact your AB representative. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 
Investment Products Offered: 
Are Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value | Are Not Bank Guaranteed
The [A/B] logo is a registered service mark of AllianceBernstein and AllianceBernstein® is a registered service mark used by permission of the owner, AllianceBernstein L.P.
 
















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 


























AB International Growth Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:16 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AB International Growth Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AB International Growth Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in public equity markets of countries across the globe excluding the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of large-cap companies. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach focusing on factors like current and forecasted investment opportunities and conditions, as well as diversification and risk considerations to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI AC World Index ...
AB International Growth Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in public equity markets of countries across the globe excluding the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of large-cap companies. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach focusing on factors like current and forecasted investment opportunities and conditions, as well as diversification and risk considerations to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI AC World Index ex U.S. (Net). It was formerly known as AllianceBernstein International Growth Fund, Inc. AB International Growth Fund was formed on March 16, 1994 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105United StatesFounded in 1994



Phone: 212 486 5800

Fax: 212-969-2293

www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Growth/International_Growth.htm







Key Executives for AB International Growth Fund




Mr. Robert M. Keith


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Joseph J. Mantineo


      	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Funds
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Philip L. Kirstein


      	Independent Compliance Officer and Senior Vice President
      


Age: 71
        







Ms. Emilie D. Wrapp


      	Secretary
      


Age: 61
        







Ms. Phyllis J. Clarke


      	Controller
      


Age: 56
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AB International Growth Fund, please visit www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Growth/International_Growth.htm.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  AWPAX Quote - AB International Growth Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  AB International Growth Fund Inc   AWPAX:US   NASDAQ GM        18.41USD   0.04   0.22%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   14.27 - 18.45    1 Yr Return   19.16%    YTD Return   26.88%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   18.45    52Wk Range   14.27 - 18.45    1 Yr Return   18.93%    YTD Return   26.88%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Foreign Growth    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   International    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   18.41    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/24/2017)   317.613    Inception Date   06/02/1994    Last Dividend (on 12/16/2016)   0.1123    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   0.61%    Fund Managers   WILLIAM JOHNSTON / CHRISTOPHER M TOUB    Front Load Fee   4.25%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.25%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.75%    Expense Ratio   1.35%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        MYMXX:US   AB Government Money Market Por    17.15 m 17.15 m 5.58      PGHN:VX   Partners Group Holding AG    20.02 k 12.27 m 4.00      1299:HK   AIA Group Ltd    1.66 m 11.72 m 3.81      KSP:ID   Kingspan Group PLC    308.32 k 10.68 m 3.48      DLPH:US   Delphi Automotive PLC    121.06 k 10.65 m 3.47      SIE:GR   Siemens AG    74.12 k 10.60 m 3.45      VWS:DC   Vestas Wind Systems A/S    114.95 k 10.20 m 3.32      700:HK   Tencent Holdings Ltd    296.90 k 10.20 m 3.32      HDFC:IN   Housing Development Finance Co    395.31 k 9.66 m 3.15      BABA:US   Alibaba Group Holding Ltd    76.42 k 9.36 m 3.05           Profile   AB International Growth Fund Inc is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is long-term capital appreciation. The Fund invests substantially all of its net assets in equity securities issued by enterprises that are undergoing, or have undergone, privatization, and in securities of companies believed to be beneficiaries of privatizations.    Address  Alliance Funds1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105   Phone  1-800-227-4618   Website   www.alliancebernstein.com              



AWPAX AB International Growth A Fund AWPAX Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!









Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site













































































Coming Soon: See a Preview of Our New Fund Quote Page













































AWPAX Fund - AB International Growth Fund;A Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,608


109


0.51%











S&P F

2,474.50


6.00


0.24%











NASDAQ F

5,938.00


4.00


0.07%











Gold

1,257.00


-3.70


-0.29%











Silver

16.32


-0.123


-0.75%











Crude Oil

47.17


0.83


1.79%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



XRX 
3.8




WYNN 
3.3




NRG 
3.2




INCY 
3.0






HAS
-9.4




FL
-4.6




HAL
-4.2




MAT
-3.8














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








8:13a

Updated
We’re reaching the dangerous ninth inning for commercial real estate



8:13a

Updated
Neuralstem shares halted premarket for news pending



8:12a

Updated
What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks



8:10a

McDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates



8:10a

Seagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition



8:08a

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale



8:05a

Wells Fargo released client data, company discloses



8:05a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


AWPAX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



AWPAX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


AB International Growth Fund;A

Watchlist 
CreateAWPAXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 EDT



$
18.41



-0.04
-0.22%






Previous Close




$18.45





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



14.27
52 Week Low/High
18.45


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
14.27 - 18.45



YTD
26.88%



5 Year
48.15%



Total Net Assets
$231.2M



Yield
0.63%



Net Expense Ratio
1.35%



Turnover %
45.00%



52 Week Avg Return
18.93




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 1 (7th percentile)
        


2
Total Returns


2
Consistent Return


2
Preservation


4
Tax Efficiency


2
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Intl Multi-Cap Growth


Portfolio Style
International


Fund Family
AB Funds - A


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
June 2, 1994


Managers

Davalchenko
Saltiel








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing principally in equity securities issued by enterprises that are undergoing, or have undergone, privatization.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
4.25%


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
1.35%


12 b-1
0.25%


Turnover
45.00%






Risk Measures




Alpha
-0.62


Beta
0.95


Standard deviation
3.74


R. squared
0.55






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
$2,500


IRA
$2,500




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (S&P 500)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
26.88%
19.93%
11.56%
7%
1


1yr
18.93%
18.09%
15.95%
35%
2


3yr2
2.38%
2.82%
9.80%
61%
4


5yr2
8.18%
9.42%
15.47%
74%
4


10yr2
0.29%
1.36%
7.33%
83%
5





1International Multi-Cap Growth
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News






What’s the Sector Composition of the AB International Growth Fund?


Aug. 26, 2016 at 5:39 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Why Things Are Looking Up for the AB International Growth Fund


Aug. 26, 2016 at 5:39 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Portfolio Moves of the AB International Growth Fund in YTD 2016


Jun. 24, 2016 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Staples and Tech Stocks Boost the AB International Growth Fund


Jun. 24, 2016 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





How Has the AB International Growth Fund Performed?


Mar. 10, 2016 at 11:48 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





What You Should Know about the AB International Growth Fund


Mar. 10, 2016 at 11:23 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Top 5 Zacks#1 Ranked International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Mar. 20, 2012 at 3:18 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Zacks #1 Ranked International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Feb. 9, 2012 at 9:47 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Jan. 5, 2012 at 10:51 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Nov. 23, 2011 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Aug. 12, 2011 at 5:01 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com










Top 10 Holdings




Company
Symbol
Total Net Assets





Partners Group Holding AG

P2H
4.00%



AIA Group Ltd.

7A2
3.79%



Kingspan Group PLC

KGSPF
3.52%



Siemens AG

SIE
3.51%



Vestas Wind Systems A/S

VWS
3.27%



Delphi Automotive PLC

DLPH
3.22%



Housing Development Finance Corp. Ltd.

EQHDFC
3.12%



Tencent Holdings Ltd.

NNND
3.07%



Schneider Electric SE

SND
3.03%



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR

BABA
2.92%




View more holdings
As of 04/30/2017


  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.11


Dividend frequency
Annually


Capital gain (2016)
n/a


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
-
-


2016
$0.11
-


2015
-
-


2014
-
-


2013
$0.17
-


2012
$0.12
-


2011
$0.12
-


2010
$0.45
-


2009
$0.39
-


2008
$0.28
$0.02


2007
$0.17
$1.24




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

-2.74%








CAT

1.49%








FIT

0.36%








GM

-0.69%








BIIB

0.63%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








Investing according to your values can also make you money
              
              These socially conscious funds can do good and do well, writes Conrad de Aenlle.              
              
            

10:56 a.m. July 24, 2017






How the OPEC committee’s meeting could make or break oil prices
              
              A joint OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial monitoring committee meets Monday in Russia as the global oil market continues to struggle to reach balance in the face rising crude output from the U.S. and wavering commitment to pledged production curbs.              
              
            

4:54 a.m. July 24, 2017






Here’s a poorly kept secret about beating the market
              
              Indexing is best for those without access and special information.              
              
            

6:18 p.m. July 20, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
119.02
+0.38
+0.32%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.26
-0.24
-0.11%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.23
+0.42
+0.86%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
195.72
-0.26
-0.13%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
19.95
+0.51
+2.62%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.34
-0.08
-0.24%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.60
-0.18
-1.41%








Exchange Traded Funds »








Argentina ETF sees steep outflows amid strong gains
              
              The largest exchange-traded fund to track the Argentina equity market, a strong performer throughout 2017, saw sharp outflows last week, including its biggest one-day redemption in its history.              
              
            

4:22 p.m. July 24, 2017






Investors withdraw from long-dated Treasurys ETF
              
              Investors have pulled hundreds of millions of dollars from the largest exchange-traded fund to track long-dated Treasury bonds, in what was seen as profit-taking following a strong year-to-date gain.              
              
            

1:29 p.m. July 24, 2017












SPY



							7/24/2017 6:30pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

246.82


-0.06
-0.02%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
144.77
+0.66
+0.46%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
142.75
+0.20
+0.14%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.91
+0.11
+0.44%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
64.99
-0.12
-0.18%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
43.76
+0.13
+0.30%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Investing lessons from Edward Thorp, quant pioneer and card counter
              
              Ed Thorp reminds Tren Griffin of that other ultra-rational decision-maker, Charlie Munger.              
              
            

< 1 min ago8:15 a.m. July 25, 2017






What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
              
              Might the solar eclipse coincide with the final bull-market top? Mark Hulbert investigates and finds some studies show stock markets are indeed affected by astronomical (if not astrological) phenomena.              
              
            

3 min ago8:12 a.m. July 25, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
23.91
+0.11
+0.46%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
66.10
+0.10
+0.15%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
73.60
-0.19
-0.26%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.50
-0.23
-0.66%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.86
+0.02
+0.06%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.29
-0.24
-2.08%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.27
+0.10
+0.18%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.28
+0.39
+0.43%








Bonds »








Wearable Sensors Market Size is Projected to be Around $4 Billion by 2025: Crystal Market Research
              
              Wearable Sensors Market Size is Projected to be Around $4 Billion by 2025: Crystal Market Research              
              
            

7 min ago8:09 a.m. July 25, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/25/2017 8:15am
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1873


-0.01
-0.85%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.15
+0.02
+1.61%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.39
+0.03
+2.14%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.85
+0.03
+1.46%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.28
+0.03
+1.18%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.86
+0.02
+0.88%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/25/2017 7:01am
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

9.15


-0.28
-2.97%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91
-2.63
-0.11%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17
-66.90
-0.31%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81
+23.05
+0.36%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,438.05
+2.22
+0.15%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,776.80
+2.88
+0.16%








Currencies »








Dollar stabilizes near its lowest in over a year as Fed meets
              
              The dollar was narrowly mixed against major rivals in Tuesday trading, leaving a broad index tracking the greenback little changed ahead of a two-day Federal Reserve meeting that could reveal policymaker thinking on a batch of fuzzy economic readings of late.              
              
            

7:00 a.m.  Today7:00 a.m. July 25, 2017






Dollar edges higher ahead of Fed meeting, but remains lower for July
              
              The U.S. dollar stepped moderately higher against its main rivals on Monday, regaining a little of the ground that it lost last week.              
              
            

1:58 p.m. July 24, 2017












USDJPY



							7/25/2017 8:16am
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.378


+0.2740
+0.2466%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3081
+0.0052
+0.3991%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1417
-0.0055
-0.1748%








Commodities »






EquiSoft Builds on Continued Success and Top Gartner Ranking of Oracle Platform
              
              EquiSoft Builds on Continued Success and Top Gartner Ranking of Oracle Platform              
              
            

1 min ago8:15 a.m. July 25, 2017










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
49.51
+0.91
+1.87%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.54
+0.02
+1.48%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.91
+0.03
+0.94%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,257.00
-3.70
-0.29%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.32
-0.12
-0.75%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
928.40
-3.90
-0.42%


Corn /quotes/zigman/42750879/delayed
373.75
-3.50
-0.93%

















Most Popular





1.






The biggest dog in the Dow might soon break free






2.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






3.






Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Alphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark






5.






A History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:16 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:16aInvesting lessons from Edward Thorp, quant pioneer and card counter
8:14aWe’re reaching the dangerous ninth inning for commercial real estate
8:13aNeuralstem shares halted premarket for news pending
8:13aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
8:11aMcDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates
8:11aSeagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition
8:09aBarnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale
8:05aWells Fargo released client data, company discloses
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne
8:03aMcDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:03aBREAKINGCaterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials
8:02aMcDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 revenue $6.05 bln vs. $6.27 bln; FactSet consensus $5.96 bln
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.62
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 EPS $1.70 vs. $1.25 a year ago
7:58aShares of 3M fall nearly 3% after company reports Q2 earnings
7:57aKimberly-Clark beats profit expectations, sees 2017 earnings at low end of guidance range
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:16 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:16aInvesting lessons from Edward Thorp, quant pioneer and card counter
8:14aWe’re reaching the dangerous ninth inning for commercial real estate
8:13aNeuralstem shares halted premarket for news pending
8:13aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
8:11aMcDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates
8:11aSeagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition
8:09aBarnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale
8:05aWells Fargo released client data, company discloses
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne
8:03aMcDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:03aBREAKINGCaterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials
8:02aMcDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 revenue $6.05 bln vs. $6.27 bln; FactSet consensus $5.96 bln
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.62
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 EPS $1.70 vs. $1.25 a year ago
7:58aShares of 3M fall nearly 3% after company reports Q2 earnings
7:57aKimberly-Clark beats profit expectations, sees 2017 earnings at low end of guidance range
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




8:16 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:16aInvesting lessons from Edward Thorp, quant pioneer and card counter
8:14aWe’re reaching the dangerous ninth inning for commercial real estate
8:13aNeuralstem shares halted premarket for news pending
8:13aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
8:11aMcDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates
8:11aSeagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition
8:09aBarnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale
8:05aWells Fargo released client data, company discloses
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents
8:05aFreeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne
8:03aMcDonald's stock surges 2.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:03aBREAKINGCaterpillar stock set to add more than 30 points to Dow industrials
8:02aMcDonald's Q2 int'l lead segment same-store sales up 6.3%; FactSet consensus up 3.2%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 U.S. same-store sales up 3.9%; FactSet consensus 2.9%
8:01aMcDonald's Q2 revenue $6.05 bln vs. $6.27 bln; FactSet consensus $5.96 bln
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.62
8:00aMcDonald's Q2 EPS $1.70 vs. $1.25 a year ago
7:58aShares of 3M fall nearly 3% after company reports Q2 earnings
7:57aKimberly-Clark beats profit expectations, sees 2017 earnings at low end of guidance range
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































AWPAX Fund - AB International Growth Fund;A Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,609


110


0.51%











S&P F

2,474.50


6.00


0.24%











NASDAQ F

5,938.00


4.00


0.07%











Gold

1,257.00


-3.70


-0.29%











Silver

16.32


-0.123


-0.75%











Crude Oil

47.19


0.85


1.83%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



XRX 
3.8




WYNN 
3.3




NRG 
3.2




INCY 
3.0






HAS
-9.4




FL
-4.6




HAL
-4.2




MAT
-3.8














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








8:13a

Updated
We’re reaching the dangerous ninth inning for commercial real estate



8:13a

Updated
Neuralstem shares halted premarket for news pending



8:12a

Updated
What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks



8:10a

McDonald's shares rise after earnings, revenue beat estimates



8:10a

Seagate Technology's stock plunges 17% premarket after Q4 results, CEO transition



8:08a

Barnes & Noble shares rocket 14% premarket after activist shareholder urges sale



8:05a

Wells Fargo released client data, company discloses



8:05a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 adj. EPS 17 cents; FactSet consensus 20 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 EPS 18 cents vs loss 38 cents



8:04a

Updated
Freeport McMoRan Q2 revenue $3.711 bln vs. $3.334 bln; FactSet consensus $3.672 blne












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


AWPAX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



AWPAX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


AB International Growth Fund;A

Watchlist 
CreateAWPAXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 EDT



$
18.41



-0.04
-0.22%






Previous Close




$18.45





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



14.27
52 Week Low/High
18.45


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
14.27 - 18.45



YTD
26.88%



5 Year
48.15%



Total Net Assets
$231.2M



Yield
0.63%



Net Expense Ratio
1.35%



Turnover %
45.00%



52 Week Avg Return
18.93




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 1 (7th percentile)
        


2
Total Returns


2
Consistent Return


2
Preservation


4
Tax Efficiency


2
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Intl Multi-Cap Growth


Portfolio Style
International


Fund Family
AB Funds - A


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
June 2, 1994


Managers

Davalchenko
Saltiel








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing principally in equity securities issued by enterprises that are undergoing, or have undergone, privatization.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
4.25%


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
1.35%


12 b-1
0.25%


Turnover
45.00%






Risk Measures




Alpha
-0.62


Beta
0.95


Standard deviation
3.74


R. squared
0.55






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
$2,500


IRA
$2,500




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (S&P 500)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
26.88%
19.93%
11.56%
7%
1


1yr
18.93%
18.09%
15.95%
35%
2


3yr2
2.38%
2.82%
9.80%
61%
4


5yr2
8.18%
9.42%
15.47%
74%
4


10yr2
0.29%
1.36%
7.33%
83%
5





1International Multi-Cap Growth
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News






What’s the Sector Composition of the AB International Growth Fund?


Aug. 26, 2016 at 5:39 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Why Things Are Looking Up for the AB International Growth Fund


Aug. 26, 2016 at 5:39 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Portfolio Moves of the AB International Growth Fund in YTD 2016


Jun. 24, 2016 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Staples and Tech Stocks Boost the AB International Growth Fund


Jun. 24, 2016 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





How Has the AB International Growth Fund Performed?


Mar. 10, 2016 at 11:48 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





What You Should Know about the AB International Growth Fund


Mar. 10, 2016 at 11:23 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Top 5 Zacks#1 Ranked International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Mar. 20, 2012 at 3:18 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Zacks #1 Ranked International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Feb. 9, 2012 at 9:47 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Jan. 5, 2012 at 10:51 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Nov. 23, 2011 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top 5 International Mutual Funds - Best of Funds


Aug. 12, 2011 at 5:01 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com










Top 10 Holdings




Company
Symbol
Total Net Assets





Partners Group Holding AG

P2H
4.00%



AIA Group Ltd.

7A2
3.79%



Kingspan Group PLC

KGSPF
3.52%



Siemens AG

SIE
3.51%



Vestas Wind Systems A/S

VWS
3.27%



Delphi Automotive PLC

DLPH
3.22%



Housing Development Finance Corp. Ltd.

EQHDFC
3.12%



Tencent Holdings Ltd.

NNND
3.07%



Schneider Electric SE

SND
3.03%



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR

BABA
2.92%




View more holdings
As of 04/30/2017


  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.11


Dividend frequency
Annually


Capital gain (2016)
n/a


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
-
-


2016
$0.11
-


2015
-
-


2014
-
-


2013
$0.17
-


2012
$0.12
-


2011
$0.12
-


2010
$0.45
-


2009
$0.39
-


2008
$0.28
$0.02


2007
$0.17
$1.24




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

-2.74%








CAT

1.49%








FIT

0.36%








GM

-0.69%








BIIB

0.63%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.










 








AWPAX View All - AB International Growth Fund Class A | Fidelity Investments
























AB International Growth Fund Class A


Symbol: AWPAX



									
										
											No Transaction Fee 1















InformationThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through FidelityThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through Fidelity





































Summary







 


Overall Rating

1 out of 5 Stars

Morningstar has awarded this fund 1 stars based on its risk-adjusted performance compared to the 324 funds within its Morningstar Category.



How is it determined?


The Overall Morningstar RatingTM for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics, which are based on risk-adjusted returns, as of the date stated.





3 Yrs





                         Out of
324
 funds
                     	




5 Yrs





                         Out of
275
 funds
                       




10 Yrs





                         Out of
193
 funds
                       




What does it mean?


A fund's Morningstar Rating is a quantitative assessment of a fund's past performance that accounts for both risk and return, with funds earning between 1 and 5 stars. As always, this rating system is designed to be used as a first step in the fund evaluation process. A high rating alone is not sufficient basis upon which to make an investment decision.











 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Below Average


This fund scores Below Average because it delivered returns that were in the bottom 22.5% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Expenses


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Above Average


This fund's expenses are rated as Above Average because they fall between the 60th and 80th percentiles when compared with other funds in the category.





How is it calculated?


This Morningstar data point compares the fund's net expense ratio to the net expense ratio of all the other funds within its Morningstar Category grouping.





What does it mean?


Excessive expenses can detract from overall returns and can be a drain on performance. While you should not base any investment decision entirely on expenses or expense ratios, a fund's expense structure may be one factor to consider.











 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








  
           
           		Morningstar® Snapshot*
           		
           		
           		
           		
           	
           	

		          
		          	
		          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth




Overall Rating



Returns


LOWAVGHIGH




Expenses


LOWAVGHIGH




Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER







*Data provided by Morningstar





Performance 2





	         
	         	 AS OF 6/30/2017
	         
        

















Average Annual Returns



YTD (Daily)*
						
													
				

										
										1 Yr
				

										
										3 Yrs
				

										
										5 Yrs
				

						
						10 Yrs
				    



YTD (Daily)*
				  		+26.88%
				  	

1 Yr
				  		+16.59%
				  	

3 Yrs
				  		+1.28%
				  	

5 Yrs
				  		+6.90%
				  	

10 Yrs
				  		+0.14%
				  	





  			*AS OF 7/24/2017; Value is cumulative
  		







Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth








Shows growth of hypothetical $10,000 investment in AB International Growth Fund Class A compared to MSCI AC Wld ex US (N),Foreign Large Growth over the selected time period



YTD

1Y
3Y
5Y
10Y








AB International Growth Fund Class A







MSCI AC Wld ex US (N)






Foreign Large Growth






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.








Fund Manager(s)







Daniel Charles Roarty since 11/1/2011










 

Manager: Daniel Charles Roarty

Manager Tenure: since 11/1/2011



Funds Currently Managed



AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund Class A (since 5/23/2013)


AB International Growth Fund Class I (since 11/1/2011)


AB International Growth Fund Advisor Class (since 11/1/2011)


AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund Class R (since 5/23/2013)


AB International Growth Fund Class R (since 11/1/2011)


AB International Growth K (since 11/1/2011)


AB International Portfolio Class C (since 4/26/2017)


AB Tax-Managed International Portfolio Class B (since 4/26/2017)


AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund Class B (since 5/23/2013)


AB International (since 4/26/2017)


AB International Portfolio Class B (since 4/26/2017)


AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund Class C (since 5/23/2013)


AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund Advisor Class (since 5/23/2013)


AB International Growth Fund Class C (since 11/1/2011)


AB Sustainable Global Thematic K (since 5/23/2013)


AB Tax-Managed International (since 4/26/2017)


AB Tax-Managed International Portfolio Class A (since 4/26/2017)


AB Tax-Managed International Portfolio Class C (since 4/26/2017)


AB International Growth Fund Class B (since 11/1/2011)


AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund Class I (since 5/23/2013)


AB International Growth Fund Class A (since 11/1/2011)


AB International Portfolio Class A (since 4/26/2017)


AB FlexFee US Thematic Advisor (since 6/28/2017)



Education



BS, Fairfield University, 1993


MBA, University of Pennsylvania (Wharton), 1998





















Fund Overview




Objective



The investment seeks long-term growth of capital.




Strategy



The fund invests primarily in an international portfolio of equity securities of companies selected by the Adviser for their growth potential within various market sectors. The Adviser may vary the percentage allocations among market sectors and may change the market sectors in which the fund invests as companies' potential for growth within a sector matures and new trends for growth emerge. The fund invests, under normal circumstances, in the equity securities of companies located in at least three countries (and normally substantially more) other than the United States.


Risk



Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which may be magnified in emerging markets. Growth stocks can perform differently from the market as a whole and can be more volatile than other types of stocks. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.




Additional Disclosures

This description is only intended to provide a brief overview of the mutual fund. Read the fund's prospectus for more detailed information about the fund.









Details


















		
				
				Morningstar Category
		
		
		











	
	
		Foreign Large Growth
	



		
		



		
				
				Fund Inception
		
		
		











	
	
		6/2/1994
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV
7/24/2017













	
		
			
				$18.41			
			
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)
11/1/2016













	
	
		1.35%
	



		
			($13.50 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)
11/1/2016













	
	
		1.35%
	



		
			($13.50 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Load




Load waived at Fidelity











	
	
		4.25%
	



		
		



		
				
					Minimum to Invest 5














	
		
			
			
				$2,500.00
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Turnover Rate
6/30/2016













	
	
		45%
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$307.56
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$231.21
			
						
	
	



		
		



			
							
							12 Month Low-High
						
						6/30/2017











	
		
			
				$14.27			
			
			
						
	
	


 - 







	
		
			
				$17.93			
			
			
						
	
	






















Top 10 Holdings 6





            AS OF 5/31/2017
       










Top 10 Holdings












Partners Group Holding AG


						
						
							4.00%
						
						
					    	
						



AIA Group Ltd


						
						
							3.81%
						
						
					    	
						



Kingspan Group PLC


						
						
							3.48%
						
						
					    	
						



Delphi Automotive PLC


						
						
							3.47%
						
						
					    	
						



Siemens AG


						
						
							3.45%
						
						
					    	
						



Vestas Wind Systems A/S


						
						
							3.32%
						
						
					    	
						



Tencent Holdings Ltd


						
						
							3.32%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		Housing Development Finance Corp Ltd
   	

            		    

						
						
							3.15%
						
						
					    	
						



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ADR


						
						
							3.05%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		HDFC Bank Ltd
   	

            		    

						
						
							2.97%
						
						
					    	
						




							
								
								
									% of Total Portfolio
								
							
            			
            				


            				34.01%




holdings 40 as of 5/31/2017











Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 6/2/1994
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             1.35% AS OF 11/1/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



AB International Growth Fund Class A

						
							16.59%
							
						
					

						
							1.28%
							
						
					

						
							6.90%
							
						
					

						
							0.14%
							
						
					

						
							6.50%
							
						
					



						AB International Growth Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							11.64%
							
						
					

						
							-0.18%
							
						
					

						
							5.98%
							
						
					

						
							-0.29%
							
						
					

						
							6.30%
							
						
					





MSCI AC Wld ex US (N)



						
							
							20.45%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.80%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.22%
							
						
					

						
							
							1.13%
							
						
					

						
							
							
							--
						
					




Foreign Large Growth

						
							17.80%
							
						
					

						
							2.58%
							
						
					

						
							8.65%
							
						
					

						
							1.93%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						AB International Growth Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							11.43%
							
						
					

						
							-0.24%
							
						
					

						
							5.78%
							
						
					

						
							-0.82%
							
						
					

						
							5.17%
							
						
					


Foreign Large Growth

						
							16.10%
							
						
					

						
							1.72%
							
						
					

						
							7.90%
							
						
					

						
							1.20%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						AB International Growth Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							6.70%
							
						
					

						
							-0.15%
							
						
					

						
							4.59%
							
						
					

						
							-0.36%
							
						
					

						
							4.78%
							
						
					


Foreign Large Growth

						
							9.46%
							
						
					

						
							1.58%
							
						
					

						
							6.50%
							
						
					

						
							1.27%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.






Performance & Risk










Average Annual Total Returns 7, 3, 2






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 6/2/1994
		


























						
							
							1 Yr
						
					

						
							
							3 Yrs
						 
					

						
							
							5 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							10 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							Life
						
					



AB International Growth Fund Class A

								
									16.59%
									
								
							

								
									1.28%
									
								
							

								
									6.90%
									
								
							

								
									0.14%
									
								
							

								
									6.50%
									
								
							





									AB International Growth Fund Class A 
									
										
										(Load Adjusted)
									
								

									
										11.64%
										
									
								

									
										-0.18%
										
									
								

									
										5.98%
										
									
								

									
										-0.29%
										
									
								

									
										6.30%
										
									
								




 



MSCI AC Wld ex US (N)



								
									20.45%
									
								
							

								
									0.80%
									
								
							

								
									7.22%
									
								
							

								
									1.13%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							



Foreign Large Growth

								
									17.80%
									
								
							

								
									2.58%
									
								
							

								
									8.65%
									
								
							

								
									1.93%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							





Rank in Morningstar Category

								
									58%
									
								
							

								
									76%
									
								
							

								
									85%
									
								
							

								
									93%
									
								
							
--



# of Funds in Morningstar Category

								
									400
									
								
							

								
									324
									
								
							

								
									275
									
								
							

								
									193
									
								
							
--






Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.













Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






				AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth









AB International Growth Fund Class A






MSCI AC Wld ex US (N)





Foreign Large Growth























2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017


This Fund
17.14%
-49.39%
40.09%
12.39%
-16.51%
15.40%
13.30%
-1.41%
-2.11%
-7.10%
22.47%


Benchmark
16.65%
-45.53%
41.45%
11.15%
-13.71%
16.83%
15.29%
-3.87%
-5.66%
4.50%
14.10%


Category
16.26%
-46.56%
38.02%
14.78%
-12.30%
17.70%
18.58%
-3.92%
0.95%
-2.14%
17.93%


+/- Benchmark
0.49%
-3.86%
-1.36%
1.24%
-2.80%
-1.43%
-1.99%
2.46%
3.55%
-11.60%
8.37%


+/- Category
0.88%
-2.83%
2.07%
-2.39%
-4.21%
-2.30%
-5.28%
2.51%
-3.06%
-4.96%
4.54%






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.






Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 6/2/1994
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             1.35% AS OF 11/1/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



AB International Growth Fund Class A

						
							16.59%
							
						
					

						
							1.28%
							
						
					

						
							6.90%
							
						
					

						
							0.14%
							
						
					

						
							6.50%
							
						
					



						AB International Growth Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							11.64%
							
						
					

						
							-0.18%
							
						
					

						
							5.98%
							
						
					

						
							-0.29%
							
						
					

						
							6.30%
							
						
					





MSCI AC Wld ex US (N)



						
							
							20.45%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.80%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.22%
							
						
					

						
							
							1.13%
							
						
					

						
							
							
							--
						
					




Foreign Large Growth

						
							17.80%
							
						
					

						
							2.58%
							
						
					

						
							8.65%
							
						
					

						
							1.93%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						AB International Growth Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							11.43%
							
						
					

						
							-0.24%
							
						
					

						
							5.78%
							
						
					

						
							-0.82%
							
						
					

						
							5.17%
							
						
					


Foreign Large Growth

						
							16.10%
							
						
					

						
							1.72%
							
						
					

						
							7.90%
							
						
					

						
							1.20%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						AB International Growth Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							6.70%
							
						
					

						
							-0.15%
							
						
					

						
							4.59%
							
						
					

						
							-0.36%
							
						
					

						
							4.78%
							
						
					


Foreign Large Growth

						
							9.46%
							
						
					

						
							1.58%
							
						
					

						
							6.50%
							
						
					

						
							1.27%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.





Cumulative Total Returns 2






					AS OF 6/30/2017					
				


















YTD (Daily)*
												
																						
										
										

YTD (Monthly)
												
											
										
										

1 Month


3 Months


6 Months



AB International Growth Fund Class A

											
												26.88%
											
											
										

											
												22.47%
											
											
										

											
												1.02%
											
											
										

											
												9.02%
											
											
										

											
												22.47%
											
											
										



										AB International Growth Fund Class A 
										
											
											(Load Adjusted)
										
									
--

											
												17.26%
											
											
										

											
												-3.27%
											
											
										

											
												4.39%
											
											
										

											
												17.26%
											
											
										





MSCI AC Wld ex US (N)



											
											
													--
												
										

											
												14.10%
											
											
										

											
												0.31%
											
											
										

											
												5.78%
											
											
										

											
												14.10%
											
											
										


Foreign Large Growth

											
											
													--
												
										

											
												17.93%
											
											
										

											
												0.02%
											
											
										

											
												7.98%
											
											
										

											
												17.93%
											
											
										




	  					*AS OF 7/24/2017
	  				


Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.







 


Risk


LOW
AVG
HIGH


High

This fund scores High because Morningstar has rated its risk above the 80th percentile when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.




How is it calculated?


Risk is calculated using the Sharpe ratio, which compares portfolio returns to a rate comparable to U.S. Treasury bonds, relative to the fund's overall volatility. For this measure, Morningstar has compared the Sharpe ratio of this fund against all other funds that invest in it's Morningstar Category.




What does it mean?


A higher Sharpe implies better risk-adjusted returns. Therefore, if a fund has a Sharpe ratio higher than its category average, it's returns relative to it's risk were better than other similar funds. If its Sharpe ratio is lower, that's usually a sign that the risk-adjusted returns were lower than other similar funds.










 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Below Average


This fund scores Below Average because it delivered returns that were in the bottom 22.5% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








Fund Risk and Return




					
			          	
			          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth









 Return of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







 Risk of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER













Risk



Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which may be magnified in emerging markets. Growth stocks can perform differently from the market as a whole and can be more volatile than other types of stocks. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.






Volatility Measures












Glossary definition opens in new window.Beta

0.96



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.R2

0.83



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Sharpe Ratio

0.08



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Standard Deviation

13.12



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						











Historical Fund Performance 2





			Most recent year's data as of: 6/30/2017
		

















									
										
										Year
									
								

									
										
										Total Returns
									
								

									
										
										Capital Gains
									
								

Glossary definition opens in new window.Dividends


Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)



2017

									
										
											22.47%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$231.21
										
										
																		
								




2016

									
										
											-7.10%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.1123																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$190.35
										
										
																		
								




2015

									
										
											-2.11%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$244.25
										
										
																		
								




2014

									
										
											-1.41%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$287.66
										
										
																		
								




2013

									
										
											13.30%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.1697																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$394.91
										
										
																		
								




2012

									
										
											15.40%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$492.14
										
										
																		
								




2011

									
										
											-16.51%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$626.82
										
										
																		
								




2010

									
										
											12.39%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$1,045.42
										
										
																		
								




2009

									
										
											40.09%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$1,276.26
										
										
																		
								




2008

									
										
											-49.39%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$1,100.31
										
										
																		
								











Ratings




Morningstar Ratings





				AS OF 6/30/2017;
				
				Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth











Overall



				Out of
				
324
funds







3 Yrs


Out of
324
funds







5 Yrs



				Out of
275
funds







10 Yrs



				Out of
193
funds









The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. (Exchange-traded funds and open-end mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes.) It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of  funds in each fund category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Lipper Ranking





		    	AS OF 6/30/2017; 
		    	
		    	LIPPER PEER GROUP: International











1 Yr



#1,132
out of
1,537
funds
               
            







5 Yrs



#824
out of
1,065
funds
                
            







10 Yrs



#515
out of
690
funds
              
            








The fund is ranked based on total return. Each fund is ranked within a universe of funds with similar investment objectives. Rankings include the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains but exclude the effect of a fund's sales load, if applicable. Lipper Inc. is a nationally recognized organization that ranks the performance of mutual funds.Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










Composition





Major Market Sectors 6





		AS OF 5/31/2017

















Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										Foreign Large Growth								
										



Financial Services

										29.79%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			17.32%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Technology

										17.08%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			15.95%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Defensive

										14.19%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			13.43%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Industrials

										12.71%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			13.02%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Healthcare

										7.93%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			10.45%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Cyclical

										6.90%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			15.25%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Basic Materials

										6.64%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			6.72%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Communication Services

										3.39%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			2.67%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Real Estate

										1.37%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			0.86%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Energy

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			3.55%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Utilities

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			0.78%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										
















Asset Allocation 6





		
					AS OF 5/31/2017; Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										5.58%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										2.63%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.10%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.02%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										90.95%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										92.17%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.12%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										3.47%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										4.97%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 6





       		AS OF 5/31/2017
   			

















Partners Group Holding AG


								
								
									4.00%
								
								
							    	
								



AIA Group Ltd


								
								
									3.81%
								
								
							    	
								



Kingspan Group PLC


								
								
									3.48%
								
								
							    	
								



Delphi Automotive PLC


								
								
									3.47%
								
								
							    	
								



Siemens AG


								
								
									3.45%
								
								
							    	
								



Vestas Wind Systems A/S


								
								
									3.32%
								
								
							    	
								



Tencent Holdings Ltd


								
								
									3.32%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Housing Development Finance Corp Ltd
   	

            		    	

								
								
									3.15%
								
								
							    	
								



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ADR


								
								
									3.05%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		HDFC Bank Ltd
   	

            		    	

								
								
									2.97%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

34.01%




holdings 40 as of 5/31/2017













Equity StyleMap®* 8




AS OF 5/31/2017










        			Capitalization
        		







LG





MD





SM






Value
Blend
Growth







				Style
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Large Growth
Invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.




*91.38% 
     
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Regional Diversification 9, 6




AS OF 5/31/2017





Africa

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Developed

				
					
						7.17%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Emerging

				
					
						25.25%
					
					
				
			



Australasia

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Canada

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Europe - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United States

				
					
						3.67%
					
					
				
			



Eurozone

				
					
						17.09%
					
					
				
			



Japan

				
					
						11.05%
					
					
				
			



Latin America

				
					
						2.26%
					
					
				
			



Middle East

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United Kingdom

				
					
						12.49%
					
					
				
			



Europe - ex Euro

				
					
						21.01%
					
					
				
			









Country Diversification 6




AS OF 5/31/2017





China

			11.19%



Denmark

			6.48%



France

			5.94%



Germany

			8.67%



United Kingdom

			12.50%



India

			11.88%



Japan

			11.05%



Sweden

			5.12%



Switzerland

			9.43%



Hong Kong

			4.04%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

June








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
6/2/1994








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$307.56
				

6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)


					$231.21
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
AWPAX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports










	
		
			Fees and Distributions
		
		
	
	









Expenses & Fees













Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)

1.35%
			
($13.50 per $1000)


			11/1/2016
			










Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)

1.35%
			
($13.50 per $1000)



			11/1/2016	
			














Glossary definition opens in new window.Distribution and/or service fee(12b-1) Fees

0.25%













































Loads






				
					
					
						Front End Load
					
							
				
				
					4.25%	
				







								
									
									Front-End Load Schedule
								
							




		
								$0.00 - $99,999.00
							
4.25%



		
								$100,000.00 - $249,999.00
							
3.25%



		
								$250,000.00 - $499,999.00
							
2.25%



		
								$500,000.00 - $999,999.00
							
1.75%



		
								$1,000,000.00 - $2,999,999.00
							
0.00%



		
								$3,000,000.00 - $4,999,999.00
							
0.00%



		
								$5,000,000.00 - $999,999,999.99
							
0.00%





							
								
								Rights of Accumulation Rules
							
						






				
							
							
								Roll-up Level
							
							
				
Family







Glossary definition opens in new window.Valuation Method

Better of Market Value or Cost









				
							
							
								Householding Level
							
							
				
Household







Glossary definition opens in new window.Price Valuation Method

NAV








Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.

See prospectus for more information on Fees, Expenses & Loads.






Minimums











				
					
					
						Initial Investment
					
				
				



					$2,500.00
				








				
					
					
						Additional Investment
					
									
			

				$250.00
				







				
					
					
						Initial IRA Investment
					
									
			

				$2,500.00
				






			
				
				Additional IRA Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		




			
				
					Initial Group Retirement Investment 5

		
			$500.00
			
				






			
				
				Additional Group Retirement Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		









Features










Glossary definition opens in new window.Simple IRA















Distribution









Dividend History









Date
										
									
								
								



Per Share Amount

											
										
									
									




									
										
										
											Reinvestment Price										
										
									
									




12/16/16

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.1123
									
									
								
								

									
										$14.42
									
									
								


12/18/13

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.1697
									
									
								
								

									
										$15.79
									
									
								









Pricing




AS OF 6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV










	
		
			
				$18.41			
			
			
						
	
	







					 7/24/2017












						
							
							
								12 Month Low-High
							
						
					
				

								







	
		
			
				$14.27			
			
			
						
	
	



								-
								







	
		
			
				$17.93			
			
			
						
	
	



							







						
							
							
								On
							
						
				 6/30/2017
				
				 

					







	
		
			
				$17.77			
			
			
						
	
	



				






Chart Fund Price (NAV)






Price History By Month











						
							
							
								Actual Values:
							
						              	
              	 Jun. 2017
              	 
						
							
							
								to
							
						  
              	   Jun. 2016
              	   














						
							
							
								Close
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								Low
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								High
							
						 
                 




Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$17.77			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$17.65			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$17.93			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


May

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$17.59			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.99			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$17.59			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Apr

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.96			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.26			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$17.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Mar

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.30			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.57			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.41			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Feb

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.64			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.37			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.80			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jan

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.26			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.50			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.30			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Dec

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.51			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.27			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.79			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Nov

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.81			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.72			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.58			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Oct

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.70			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.70			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.45			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Sep

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.34			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.88			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.51			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Aug

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.04			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.59			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.32			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jul

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.80			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.93			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.80			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$15.36			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$14.50			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$16.03			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	













Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

� 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.

The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.











1. No Transaction Fee funds are available without paying a transaction fee. No Transaction Fee funds will also be offered without a load or on a load waived basis. However, the fund may charge a short term trading fee or a redemption fee. Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Additional information about the source(s) and amount(s) of this compensation as well as any other remuneration received by FBS or its affiliates will be furnished upon request.
2. Total returns are historical and include change in share value and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, if any. Cumulative total returns are reported as of the period indicated.  Life of fund figures are reported as of the commencement date to the period indicated and are cumulative if the fund is less than one year old. Total returns do not reflect the fund's [%] sales charge. If sales charges were included, total returns would have been lower.
3. The Morningstar Category Average is the average return for the peer group based on the returns of each individual fund within the group, for the period shown. This average assumes reinvestment of dividends.
4. This chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made in this investment product (and a benchmark or category average, if shown) from the beginning date shown or on the inception date of the product (whichever is later).  The inception date used for products with underlying funds, or multiple shares classes, or are offered as a separate account, strategy or sub account, may be the inception date of the underlying fund, the earliest share class of the product, or the date composite performance for the product was first made available. The product's returns may not reflect all its expenses. Any fees not reflected would lower the returns. Benchmark returns include reinvestment of capital gains and dividends, if any, but do not reflect any fees or expenses. It is not possible to invest in an index. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. This chart is not intended to imply any future performance of the investment product.
5. Initial minimum investments into group retirement accounts such as Fidelity Simplified Employee Pension-IRA, Keogh, Self-Employed 401(k), and Non-Fidelity Prototype Retirement accounts are $500 or higher. Additional investments into Regular, IRA, and Group accounts are $250 or higher.
6. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
7. Percent Rank in Category is the fund's total-return percentile rank relative to all funds that have the same Morningstar Category.  The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. The top-performing fund in a category will always receive a rank of 1. % Rank in Category is based on total returns which include reinvested dividends and capital gains, if any, and exclude sales charges.
8. StyleMap� depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's equity holdings over two dimensions: market capitalization and valuation. The percentage of fund assets represented by these holdings is indicated beside each StyleMap. Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's equity holdings (e.g., domestic stocks, foreign stocks, and American Depositary Receipts), are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
9. Please note Regional Diversification information is based on the equity components only.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.





© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map









 








AWPAX Composition - AB International Growth Fund Class A | Fidelity Investments


























Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 

















You are here: 

Home»
Research»
Mutual Funds »










Prospectus & Reports



Email


 



 Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas) 






 Your Email Address 






 Message (Optional) 
  

 


 Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know.										It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email.										All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf.The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: " 




Email






Your email has been sent.







 Share






Clicking a link will open a new window.


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn






Email
Share

Default text sizeA
Larger text sizeA
Largest text sizeA













AB International Growth Fund Class A


Symbol: AWPAX




									
										
											No Transaction Fee 1













           		Add to Watch List





				Compare












InformationThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through FidelityThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through Fidelity












































Major Market Sectors 2





		AS OF 5/31/2017

















Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										Foreign Large Growth								
										



Financial Services

										29.79%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			17.32%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Technology

										17.08%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			15.95%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Defensive

										14.19%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			13.43%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Industrials

										12.71%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			13.02%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Healthcare

										7.93%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			10.45%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Cyclical

										6.90%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			15.25%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Basic Materials

										6.64%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			6.72%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Communication Services

										3.39%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			2.67%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Real Estate

										1.37%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			0.86%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Energy

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			3.55%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Utilities

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			0.78%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										
















Asset Allocation 2





		
					AS OF 5/31/2017; Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										5.58%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										2.63%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.10%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.02%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										90.95%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										92.17%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.12%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										3.47%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										4.97%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 2





       		AS OF 5/31/2017
   			

















Partners Group Holding AG


								
								
									4.00%
								
								
							    	
								



AIA Group Ltd


								
								
									3.81%
								
								
							    	
								



Kingspan Group PLC


								
								
									3.48%
								
								
							    	
								



Delphi Automotive PLC


								
								
									3.47%
								
								
							    	
								



Siemens AG


								
								
									3.45%
								
								
							    	
								



Vestas Wind Systems A/S


								
								
									3.32%
								
								
							    	
								



Tencent Holdings Ltd


								
								
									3.32%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Housing Development Finance Corp Ltd
   	

            		    	

								
								
									3.15%
								
								
							    	
								



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ADR


								
								
									3.05%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		HDFC Bank Ltd
   	

            		    	

								
								
									2.97%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

34.01%




holdings 40 as of 5/31/2017













Equity StyleMap®* 3




AS OF 5/31/2017










        			Capitalization
        		







LG





MD





SM






Value
Blend
Growth







				Style
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Large Growth
Invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.




*91.38% 
     
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Regional Diversification 4, 2




AS OF 5/31/2017





Africa

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Developed

				
					
						7.17%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Emerging

				
					
						25.25%
					
					
				
			



Australasia

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Canada

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Europe - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United States

				
					
						3.67%
					
					
				
			



Eurozone

				
					
						17.09%
					
					
				
			



Japan

				
					
						11.05%
					
					
				
			



Latin America

				
					
						2.26%
					
					
				
			



Middle East

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United Kingdom

				
					
						12.49%
					
					
				
			



Europe - ex Euro

				
					
						21.01%
					
					
				
			









Country Diversification 2




AS OF 5/31/2017





China

			11.19%



Denmark

			6.48%



France

			5.94%



Germany

			8.67%



United Kingdom

			12.50%



India

			11.88%



Japan

			11.05%



Sweden

			5.12%



Switzerland

			9.43%



Hong Kong

			4.04%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

June








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
6/2/1994








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$307.56
				

6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)


					$231.21
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
AWPAX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports








The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

� 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.



1. No Transaction Fee funds are available without paying a transaction fee. No Transaction Fee funds will also be offered without a load or on a load waived basis. However, the fund may charge a short term trading fee or a redemption fee. Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Additional information about the source(s) and amount(s) of this compensation as well as any other remuneration received by FBS or its affiliates will be furnished upon request.
2. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
3. StyleMap� depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's equity holdings over two dimensions: market capitalization and valuation. The percentage of fund assets represented by these holdings is indicated beside each StyleMap. Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's equity holdings (e.g., domestic stocks, foreign stocks, and American Depositary Receipts), are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
4. Please note Regional Diversification information is based on the equity components only.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.








Find a mutual fund


Search by Fund Name, Fund Symbol, Fund Family, or Top 10 Holding








Similar Funds



Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Growth





				There are no similar Fidelity Fund Picks in this Morningstar Category.
			

Compare funds to AWPAX
Compare



						You must select between one and five funds to compare.
					

						You must select between one and four funds to compare.
					




						You may select a maximum of five mutual funds.
					

						You may select a maximum of four mutual funds.
					




				The Fidelity Fund Picks above are sorted by their 3-year performance.			
			





My Mutual Funds




					
						
							In order to view funds in your portfolio, you must first log in . Please note this feature requires that you have a specific type of Fidelity account, such as a brokerage account, IRA, or other non-workplace account.
						
							
					
					







© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map



















Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price International Bond Fund (RPIBX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				International Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIBX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.95
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								8.62%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.18
							
							-
							
								$9.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$5,240.21

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the International Bond Fund among 
308,
308,
258
and 
126
World Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to provide high current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in high-quality, nondollar-denominated bonds outside the U.S.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							1.29%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-2.13%
				
			

				
					-2.13%
				
			


3 Years

				
					-2.05%
				
			

				
					-2.05%
				
			


5 Years

				
					-0.05%
				
			

				
					-0.05%
				
			


10 Years

				
					2.84%
				
			

				
					2.84%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.63%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.63%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 10, 1986
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The International Bond Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Mon Jul 24 23:34:55 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/24/2017









            NAV
        

down -$0.01


$7.82




            POP


$7.82




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.66%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index


MSCI EAFE Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 


 









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 















































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































