

	Abcuro Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Abcuro Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Newton, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Autoimmune, Cancer


 Year Founded




 Website

http://www.abcuro.com



 Lead Product Status

Discovery






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy













Pressure Washing || Hydrotek surface cleaners || ACR Products, Inc.






































610-253-8005















A = Agriculture
We Are a dedicated family owned and operated business




C = Commercial
Providing you with reliable equipment, products, and education.




R = Residential
We believe education is the best way to promote our quality cleaning products and equipment.









ACR Products, Inc.
commitment to customer and contractor education






Pressure Washers
Whether you need a gas pressure washer for your home or a diesel pressure washer, we have you covered.





Sealers
Use on: Decks, Siding, Stairs, Log homes, Shakes, Shingles, Railing, Rail ties, Fences, Playground equipment.





Detergents
Our car and truck fleet wash soaps are the best on the market, for fleet owners and professional fleet washers alike.





Welcome to ACR Products, Inc.

Pressure Washing Units. Hot Water Skids.
We have a comprehensive product line to meet the professional pressure washing contractor's needs. Hydrotek
   has a complete line of pull behind trailer systems and are typically installed on our custom built trailer rigs. 
   We also stock Steam Jenny units for professional pressure washers looking to get into steam cleaning.

   We carry a full line of high flow direct drive and belt driven units to meet your pressure washing equipment
   needs. General Pump, Cat Pumps and AR Pumps are just a few of the power washer pump lines available from ACR
   products. Hydrotek surface cleaners, wash water recovery, and filtration systems are also in stock and ready
   for delivery.
















Our Portfolio (Original version) - Partners HealthCare





























































Team
Contact
FAQs
 









 



Our Portfolio (Original version)


















Spotlight


 
 











Statin Drugs Cutting theRisk of Heart Attack
 
 
 




Inhaled NitrousOxide Treatment
 
 
 




Smart DrugInfusion Pumps
 
 
 












PIF Portfolio
Product Portfolio
 
 
 





 

 




7 Oaks Pharmaceutical Corp.



Seven Oaks Biosystems is an early stage venture developing a minimally invasive device for autologous full-thickness skin transplant for wound healing and reconstructive surgery.




 

 




Abcuro



First-in-Class immuno-oncology agent complementary with existing therapies, and autoimmune drug for inclusion body myositis.                                                                                   
Abcuro is pursuing a single Ab discovery campaign to yield two independent antibody therapeutic programs:
1. Anti-target depleter (autoimmunity)
2. Anti-target neutralizer (immuno-oncology)




 

 




Adheron Therapeutics



Adheron Therapeutics (formerly Synovex) is a clinical stage company developing novel treatments for fibrotic diseases. The company has reported a favorable profile in a Phase I study performed with the lead product, SDP051.




 

 




Annovation Biopharma, Inc.



Annovation Biopharma was founded to create safer and easier-to-administer general anesthetic agents with financing led by Partners Innovation Fund. The company was acquired upon demonstration of clinical proof of concept by The Medicines Company in 2015.




 

 




BIND Biosciences



BIND Biosciences (NASDAQ: BIND) is a biopharmaceutical company founded to develop therapeutic targeted nanoparticles to produce best in class drugs. Initial product development efforts are in the areas of oncology, cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory disease and RNAi therapeutics.




 

 




BioBehavioral Diagnostics



BioBehavioral Diagnostics (acquired by Pearson) was formed in 2004 to develop instrumentation for objective assessment and management of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), including medication response. The technology utilizes a set of proprietary bio-surrogate measurements to enable the accurate assessment and management of ADHD.




 

 




Blend Therapeutics



Blend is developing novel cancer therapeutics designed to overcome efficacy barriers for improved targeting of cancer. Blend’s innovative medicines leverage tumor biology to gain therapeutic advantage in unique ways. With their Pentarin platform, they create miniaturized biologic drug conjugate (mBDC) incorporated in polymeric nanoparticles that are designed to reach and penetrate the solid tumor and then selectively kill the targeted cancer cells. With their novel personalized Platinum, they have designed it to take advantage of the biology of certain solid tumor cancer cells by using the cell’s appetite for albumin to increase uptake, leading to enhanced efficacy response.




 

 




CD4 System



Daktari Diagnostics’s CD4 System is a handheld device that enables CD4 cell counting to be done by anyone, anywhere. Combining groundbreaking innovations in microscale technologies with simplicity in design and use, Daktari brings this essential blood test to parts of the world where millions of people now have access to life-saving drugs, yet cannot receive the best treatment due to inadequate diagnostics. Will ramp up to as many as 5 million patients starting in 2015.




 

 




CoStim



CoStim developed novel biologics targeting immune checkpoint inhibitors for oncology indications. CoStim was acquired by Novartis in 2014.




 

 




CytrellisBiosystems, Inc.



Cytrellis Biosystems Inc. is a clinical stage medical device company developing a new class of medical devices with an unprecedented ability to reverse age related changes in skin and restore youthful beauty. Their products will address a longstanding need to provide doctors and their patients with a safe, effective and non-surgical means to eliminate unwanted loose skin and wrinkles – conditions that up until now have been most effectively treated with plastic surgery.




 

 




Daktari Diagnostics



Daktari Diagnostics is focused exclusively on the most pressing challenges in global health. The company develops simple, accurate, and affordable products that deliver critical diagnostic information to clinicians and patients across the globe.




 

 




Denali Therapeutics



Denali Therapeutics is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of therapies for patients with neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, ALS and others. Denali was founded by scientists, industry experts and investors who share the vision that recent scientific insights into the genetic causes and biological processes underlying neurodegenerative disease, together with new translational medicine tools, offer an unprecedented opportunity to discover and develop effective medicines. Denali is rigorously pursuing a science-driven approach to translational medicine and clinical development.




 

 




E-Poly™ Vitamin E Infused Joints



A team at MGH found that oxidation in hip replacements material wear could be blocked by diffusing the antioxidant vitamin E throughout a polyethylene material.  This material has been implanted in 4M+ patients.




 

 




Editas Medicine



Editas Medicine, a genome editing company, is exploring the possibility to modify, in a targeted way, almost any gene in the human body with the ability to directly turn on, turn off or edit disease-causing genes. Editas’ mission is to translate its genome editing technology into a novel class of human therapeutics that enable precise and corrective molecular modification to treat the underlying cause of a broad range of diseases at the genetic level.




 

 




Enbrel



Enbrel® (etanercept) is a fully human, soluble, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor fusion protein based in part on intellectual property developed by MGH. Enbrel is manufactured by Amgen.




 

 




Exosome Diagnostics



Exosome Diagnostics, is developing body fluid-based cancer diagnostics using its exosome-based technology for disease stratification and patient response monitoring. Exosome Diagnostics’ technology allows for minimally invasive testing of cancer specific genes from standard blood and urine samples.




 

 




Fate Therapeutics



Fate Therapeutics (NASDAq: FATE) is interrogating adult stem cell biology and applying induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) technology to develop stem cell modulators, small molecule or biologic compounds that guide cell fate for therapeutic purposes. Fate’s approach has broad therapeutic potential in areas such as regenerative medicine, hematological diseases, metastatic cancer, traumatic injury and degenerative diseases.




 

 




GeneInsight



GeneInsight is an IT platform developed to streamlines interpretation and management of vast amounts of data clinical genomic data, offering a key step towards the promise of personalized medicine and better patient care.




 

 




HealthCatalyst



HealthCatalyst




 

 




ImmuneXcite



ImmuneXcite is a product-focused biopharmaceutical company with a novel immuno-oncology technology platform which leverages both the innate and adaptive immune responses to selectively treat a wide range of tumor types.
 




 

 




Inhaled Nitric Oxide Treatment



Nitric Oxide studies at MGH showed that among its many functions was to relax the muscles surrounding blood vessels and reduce blood pressure. The first clinical application was treatment of a rare, potentially fatal disease in infants – persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). 180,000 patients have been treated in the US.




 

 




Keros Therapeutics



Keros lead program is focused on inhibition of ALK2, the genetic driver for the orphan disease fibrodysplasia ossificans progressive (FOP), which promotes the transformation of muscle into bone.  ALK2 has been validated as a critical node through human genetics and in vivo data.




 

 




Life Image, Inc.



lifeIMAGE, Inc. created and supplies the leading platform for instant, electronic and secure medical image exchange created to address problems associated with lack of access to patients’ medical-imaging history. lifeIMAGE is the largest and most utilized network for the exchange of medical images. It has been used by 67,000 members to exchange more than 1.5 billion exams from 90 countries.




 

 




Lyndra



Lyndra’s sustained release formulation technology extends oral drug delivery beyond one week. The benefits of this unique technology include improved adherence, improved pharmacokinetic profiles, convenient patient experience (particularly for populations that lack easy access to care), decreased potential for antibiotic resistance, and reduced healthcare costs.




 

 




Lysomal Therapeutics



Lysosomal Therapeutics, is developing first-in-class therapies for neurological diseases with high unmet need. LTI is leveraging its world-class knowledge of lysosomal biology and drug development to deliver innovative agents for neurodegenerative disease.




 

 




MoMelan Technologies



MoMelan Technologies (acquired by Kinetic Concepts, Inc.) has developed a novel skin grafting technology to treat skin disorders through the expansion of the surface area of skin grafts.




 

 




NinePoint Medical, Inc.



NinePoint Medical, Inc. is a medical device company integrating multiple technologies to streamline patient care. NinePoint is initially developing novel products for use during minimally invasive procedures such as endoscopy and laparoscopy to provide enhanced diagnostic capabilities and improve outcomes.




 

 




NKT Therapeutics



NKT Therapeutics is a biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics based on a unique subset of immune cells called natural killer T (”NKT”) cells.




 

 




OvaScience



OvaScience (NASDAQ: OVAS) is a global life sciences company dedicated to improving fertility for women around the world. OvaScience is discovering, developing and commercializing new fertility treatments.




 

 




Provasculon



Provasculon (acquired by Mesoblast) was formed to develop new therapeutic agents for addressing wound healing, peripheral vascular disease and myocardial infarction damage.




 

 




QPID



QPID Health is a clinical intelligence platform designed to extract meaningful clinical information at the patient level from any electronic health record (EHR) through a unique and powerful medical concept based NLP (Natural Language Processing) search engine. The technology extracts from the EHR data repository and highlights for caregivers the most relevant clinical information at the point of care for each patient encounter.




 

 




Quartet Medicine



Quartet Medicine is a biotechnology company focused on the development of novel treatments for chronic pain and inflammation.




 

 




RaNA



RaNA Therapeutics is pioneering the discovery of a new class of RNA-targeted medicines that selectively activate protein expression within the body’s own cells. By targeting specific genes, RaNA’s novel drugs work epigenetically to precisely upregulate the expression of beneficial proteins in order to treat or prevent disease.




 

 




Raze Therapeutics



Raze Therapeutics, is developing the next generation of oncology therapeutics that target metabolic pathways essential to cancer growth and survival. Using their proprietary platform, they are developing a pipeline of selective therapeutics for specific solid and hematologic cancers.




 

 




Sebacia



Sebacia is developing a safe and durable treatment for acne that utilizes a laser-activated topical agent.




 

 




Selecta Biosciences, Inc.



Selecta Biosciences, Inc.is developing first-in-class integrated synthetic nanoparticle vaccines using its proprietary targeted Synthetic Vaccine Particle (tSVP™) technology. Selecta’s synthetic nanoparticle vaccines enable expanded opportunities for both the treatment and prevention of a wide range of human diseases including infectious, CNS, metabolic and inflammatory diseases.




 

 




Smart Drug Infusion Pumps



MGH transformed patient care with the introduction of a “smart” drug infusion pump—an invention that was conceptualized and deployed hospital-wide. The invention was motivated by an awareness of tragic events involving complex drug dosing calculation errors and misprogrammed drug infusion pumps.  The MGH, along with industrial collaborators, designed what is known as the “smart” infusion pump, an electronic device that contains an updated, hospital specific electronic library of hundreds of intravenous drugs and infusion protocols embedded in the pump’s software.  The FDA has mandated the use of smart pumps.  Royalties in excess of $30M




 

 




Spero Therapeutics



Spero Therapeutics is a product-focused biopharmaceutical company developing a pipeline of novel treatments for bacterial infections. The company’s pipeline of anti-infective agents is one of the most unique in the industry – focused exclusively on gram-negative bacterial infections.




 

 




Symbiotix Biotherapies, Inc.



Symbiotix Biotherapies, Inc. is developing a novel class of molecular therapeutics based on molecules derived from the human microbiome. The company’s lead program represents the first molecule to emerge from the human microbiome, and is a first-in-class oral agent for the treatment of serious immune-mediated diseases.




 

 




Syntimmune



Syntimmune is developing novel therapies for inflammatory diseases and life-threatening toxicities.




 

 




T2 Biosystems



T2 Biosystems T2 Biosystems (NASDAQ: TTOO) is a biotechnology company developing next-generation medical diagnostic products using its proprietary technology, combining nanotechnology and miniaturized magnetic resonance (MR) technology to provide rapid, accurate and portable diagnostics.




 

 




TargAnox, Inc.



TargAnox, is an early-stage discovery company developing novel therapeutics for the treatment of diseases and conditions that result from oxidative stress-induced modification of proteins.




 

 




Tilos Therapeutics



Tilos is developing new immuno-oncology therapies for cancer, fibrosis and autoimmunity based on interference with regulatory T cells and TGF release. This novel drug platform builds on the discovery that antibodies that block the release of TGF prevent immune suppression, thereby enabling the body to counteract malignant cells. 




 

 




Transplantation Biology



BWH surgeon Joseph Murray, MD performed the first successful transplant between identical twins in 1954, and many other solid organ transplant milestones such as the first fraternal twin transplant in 1959, and the first transplant between unrelated persons in 1962. He developed new approaches for facial reconstruction surgery and made key discoveries about immunosuppressive drugs that have aided transplant recipients in countering organ rejection. In 1990 he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his contributions to the field of human organ transplantation. To date, more than 600,000 persons worldwide have received the gift of life through transplantation.
 
 




 

 




Verinata Health, Inc.



Verinata Health, Inc. (acquired by Illumina, Inc.) developed non-invasive tests for the early identification of fetal chromosomal abnormalities.




 

 




VisionScope Technologies, LLC



VisionScope Technologies, LLC manufactures a family of patented sub-2-mm diameter needle endoscopes with disposable optics and sterile barrier sheaths for diagnostic and minimally invasive surgical (MIS) applications. The product enables arthroscopy surgeons to visualize, diagnose and plan surgical procedures within several minutes in one single office appointment, thereby substantially reducing the number of physician appointments and the usage of MRI’s typically required for one complete arthroscopy surgery cycle.




 

 




XTuit Pharmaceuticals



XTuit Pharmaceuticals is pursuing novel approaches to improving cancer therapy by targeting the tumor microenvironment.




 

 




ZELTIQ



ZELTIQ™(NASDAQ: ZLTQ) is medical device company dedicated to the development of non-invasive procedures for the reduction of unwanted fat. The device is cleared by the FDA in the United States for various applications related to skin cooling during dermatologic treatments, with a pending application for non-invasive body fat reduction. Based on a method to kill only fat cells, the company uses a novel method named Cryolipolysis™ (the use of precisely controlled cooling to remove fat).



 




 
 


 

 












































 













 





Nonantum Search Businesses - Nonantum, MA - AARP                














































































 












How Does Your Brain Score? Take the Staying Sharp Brain Health Assessment








































Menu



 







Now Reading: 









Join Today, Save 25%JOIN NOW

MembershipMy Account

Just $16 a YearRENEW NOW

Just $16 a YearRENEW NOW

Join Today, Save 25%JOIN NOW










Rewards for Good








Logout






Search








Go














 




Nonantum, MA




Local Services


See Nearby Cities



West Newton
Newtonville
Watertown
Waverley
Newton
Auburndale
Waltham
Belmont
Waban
Brighton
Chestnut Hill
Newton Highlands
Newton Lower Falls
Newton Upper Falls
Allston
All Massachusetts Cities
Explore Another City



AARP Working for You
Things to Do
Things to Learn
Local Services
Change City











Searching for something? We've got you covered.
From restaurants to pharmacies – find a business or service in your area!







Find a Local Business:




Search by business name of category.




Top Searches:

Restaurants
Coffee Spots
Taxis
Doctors
Pharmacies
Home Health Care Services













Paytronix Systems, Inc.80 Bridge Street, Newton



Mac Isaac Joanne M80 Bridge Street, Newton



Interior Design Systems80 Bridge Street, Newton



MetaSystems Group, Inc.70 Bridge Street #100, Newton



First Aid Beauty70 Bridge Street #203, Newton



Brainwright70 Bridge Street, Newton



MHPI, Inc.70 Bridge Street #201, Newton



Gamewright70 Bridge Street, Newton



Abcuro, Inc90 Bridge Street, Newton



OTA-Watertown (now OTA The Koomar Center)74 Bridge Street, Newton







Page content 


BACK
|
NEXT
 
			






FIND IT FAST


Nonantum Happenings



Events
Volunteering
Restaurants
Coffee Spots


Work & Jobs
Discounts
Movies
Museums









JOIN OR RENEW  AARP TODAY

JOIN FOR JUST $16 A YEAR
Immediate access to your member benefits
Discounts on travel and everyday savings
Subscription to the award-winning AARP The Magazine
An ally on the issues that matter most to you in Nonantum
Free membership for your spouse or partner
JOIN/RENEW NOW



LOCAL SERVICES

Doctors| Attorneys
Rental Cars| Taxis
Home Health Care Services
Pharmacies
Free Tax Preparation Services


Find a Local Business












 





 







 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.








