







Kurt  Abkemeier - Mc Kinney, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kurt  Abkemeier in Mc Kinney, TX


Kurt  Abkemeier

                                                                        Intelius found that Kurt  Abkemeier  from Mc Kinney, TX.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                0 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Kurt Has Lived In

Mc Kinney, TX







Kurt  Abkemeier



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kurt? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kurt, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kurt  Abkemeier
Get a Criminal Check on Kurt  Abkemeier
Get a Public Record Report on Kurt  Abkemeier
Get a People Search Report on Kurt  Abkemeier


Kurt  Abkemeier's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kurt  Abkemeier has lived as well as Kurt  Abkemeier's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kurt  Abkemeier Has Lived in 1 States
Texas Address for Kurt  Abkemeier


2140 N R***** B*** 

Mc Kinney, TX


Has Lived In

Mc Kinney, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kurt  Abkemeier



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kurt  Abkemeier

k************r@***.com
k************r@***.com


Get Email Report




Kurt  Abkemeier's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kurt  Abkemeier


Kurt  Abkemeier's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kurt  Abkemeier's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kurt Abkemeier
Username Matches

                  KurtAbkemeier
                  AbkemeierKurt
                  Kurt.Abkemeier
                  Abkemeier.Kurt
                  Kurt_Abkemeier
                  Abkemeier_Kurt
                  Kurt-Abkemeier
                  Abkemeier-Kurt
                  KAbkemeier
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Abkemeier







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Kurt Abkemeier – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending March 31, 2017
Posted on April 3, 2017 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Silver Spring Networks, Inc.
Ominto, Inc.
The Crosby Group


Oconee Federal Financial Corp
Clune Construction
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.


Intermedix
PHH Corporation
Intermolecular, Inc.


Progress
World Finer Foods
InVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp.


Account Control Technology Holdings, Inc.
BECU
HomeStreet, Inc.


Jernigan Capital, Inc.
Compass Minerals
Asana Partners


Itron, Inc.
USA Technologies, Inc.
Spok Holdings, Inc.


Kansas City Life Insurance Company
Federal Signal Corporation
Bridgevine Inc.


Edison Interactive
Ballantyne Strong, Inc.
USA Compression Partners, LP


Westmoreland Coal Company
National Instruments Corporation
Calix, Inc.


EPAM Systems, Inc.
Glen Burnie Bancorp




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NOTE: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Catriona Fallon
Silver Spring Networks, Inc. [SAN JOSE, Calif.] (NYSE: SSNI) announced that Catriona Fallon has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Fallon joins Silver Spring from Marin Software, where she was Executive Vice President and CFO. Prior to Marin Software, Fallon held strategic financial roles for Cognizant and Hewlett-Packard Company. Previously, Fallon was a research analyst for Citigroup Investment Research and Piper Jaffray & Company.
Ominto, Inc. [BOCA RATON, Fla.] (NASDAQ: OMNT) announced that Raoul Quijada has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer from Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Quijada joined the company in June 2016. Immediately prior to joining the company, Mr. Quijada worked at Afligo Marketing Services, Inc., where he served as Senior VP of Finance and Operations. From 2005 through 2007, Mr. Quijada was the Senior Director of Finance at Newell Rubbermaid, the Director of Strategic Planning & Analysis from 2003 to 2005, and the Director of Finance-LAC Division from 1998 to 2003. Mr. Quijada started his career at Price Waterhouse Coopers LLP.
Laura Murphy-Wolf
The Crosby Group [TULSA, Okla.] announced the hiring of Laura Murphy-Wolf as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Murphy-Wolf was most recently the CFO of Faro Technologies. Prior to that, she spent six years in a variety of increasingly senior financial positions at Stericycle, Inc., serving ultimately as the Vice President Finance / CFO of Healthcare Compliance Solutions. Prior to her time at Stericycle, Ms. Murphy-Wolf was the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Philips Lighting Electronics, North America. Early in her career, Laura spent 15 years in a variety of senior financial roles at Ford Motor Company in the United States and internationally.
Oconee Federal Financial Corp. [SENECA, S.C.] (NASDAQ: OFED) announced that John W. Hobbs has been appointed to the positions of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Oconee and Oconee Federal. Mr. Hobbs previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Greer Bancshares, where he worked beginning in 2011. Mr. Hobbs has served as the Chief Financial Officer for multiple financial institutions and their holding companies located in South Carolina as part of a career that has included nearly 30 years in the banking industry.
Clune Construction [CHICAGO] announced that Tom Nickele has been named as Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer. Nickele has more than 20 years of experience as a Chief Financial Officer and oversees the Accounting/Finance, Human Resources and IT areas for the Company.
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: MMC) announced that Keith Walsh has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company’s Risk and Insurance Services (RIS) segment, which includes Marsh and Guy Carpenter. In this role, Mr. Walsh will also serve as Chief Financial Officer of Marsh. Mr. Walsh succeeds Courtney Leimkuhler, who is leaving the Company to pursue an opportunity outside the industry. Ms. Leimkuhler joined MMC in 2013. Since 2012, Mr. Walsh has been MMC’s Global Head of Investor Relations. Prior to joining MMC, Mr. Walsh spent 13 years as an equity research analyst at Citi. He began his career as a research associate at Smith Barney, then a unit of Citigroup.
Kyle Wailes
Intermedix [NASHVILLE, TENN.] announced the appointment of Kyle Wailes as chief financial officer. Wailes started his tenure at Intermedix in 2012 as vice president of strategy, business development and analytics. Prior to his appointment as CFO, Wailes was an executive vice president at Intermedix. Wailes has more than 10 years of experience in the health care industry working at many noteworthy private and public companies such as Thomas Weisel Partners, Altaris Capital Partners and Citigroup. Before joining Intermedix, Wailes was a key member in the health care investment banking division at Citigroup.
PHH Corporation [MOUNT LAUREL, N.J.] (NYSE: PHH) announced that Michael Bogansky, who previously served as Senior Vice President, Controller, has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. He replaces Robert Crowl, who has served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer since 2012, and has been appointed Chief Operating Officer. Michael Bogansky has served as Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer of PHH since 2014. Mr. Bogansky joined PHH in 2003 as Manager of Financial Reporting and has held roles of increasing responsibility in the accounting and finance functions, including serving as Vice President, Financial Reporting of PHH Mortgage from 2009 to 2010 and serving as the Company’s Vice President and Assistant Controller from 2010 to 2012 and as the Company’s Vice President and Controller since 2012. Prior to joining PHH in 2003, he served as a Senior Auditor with Deloitte & Touche LLP.
Intermolecular, Inc. [SAN JOSE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: IMI) announced that Bill Roeschlein, currently Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller, has been named Chief Financial Officer following the retirement of Rick Neely. Bill Roeschlein has served as IMI Vice President of Finance since August 2015. Prior to joining IMI, he was CFO at Aurora Algae, Power Integrations and Determine Software, Inc. He also held senior financial management positions at Ultra Clean Technology, Asyst Technologies and Hewlett Packard.
Progress [BEDFORD, Mass.] (NASDAQ: PRGS) announced that Paul Jalbert, chief accounting officer, has been named chief financial officer. Jalbert replaces Kurt Abkemeier, who will leave the company. Jalbert has been chief accounting officer since joining the company in August 2012. Jalbert has experience from companies, including UnitedHealth Group, Picis, Keane, Genuity and Verizon.
 
World Finer Foods [BLOOMFIELD, N.J.] has chosen William Flynn as its Chief Financial Officer. Flynn joins World Finer Foods after 12 years at Sharp Americas, first as vice president and controller, and for the last seven years as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to Sharp, Flynn was international controller at AT&T.
InVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp. [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] announced the appointment of Christopher McNulty as Chief Financial Officer. He will be taking over for the interim CFO, Melanie Morel-Ferris, who will remain as the company’s Senior Director, Finance and Controller. Prior to being appointed Chief Financial Officer, Mr. McNulty served at InVivo as Senior Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations. Prior to joining InVivo, Mr. McNulty served as Senior Director, Business Development of Repligen Corporation. Previously, he served as Director, Corporate Development at Seventh Sense Biosystems.
Maureen Burke
Account Control Technology Holdings, Inc. [WOODLAND HILLS, CALIFORNIA] announced the hire of Maureen Burke as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Before joining ACT Holdings, Burke held CFO and major financial project management positions at large global companies, including Tatum (a Randstad company), Wilsonart, LLC, Gap, Inc., Sears Holdings Corporation, and Renessen LLC. She also served as Vice President of Finance for Monsanto/NutraSweet. Burke has also worked within Merrill Lynch.
BECU [SEATTLE] announced that Melba Bartels will join the company as chief financial officer. Bartels currently serves as CFO and senior executive vice president at HomeStreet Bank. Before HomeStreet Bank, Bartels spent six years at JPMorgan Chase, serving as CFO of the Auto Finance and Student Lending Division, and senior vice president and finance director for the Auto Finance Division. She held numerous financial leadership positions during 20 years of service at Washington Mutual Bank. Additionally, she spent two years at Ragen Mackenzie Group, Inc., where she served as a sell side equity analyst.
HomeStreet, Inc. [SEATTLE] (NASDAQ: HMST) announced that Melba Bartels, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has given notice that she will be leaving the Company to pursue another opportunity in the industry.
Jernigan Capital, Inc. [MEMPHIS, Tenn.] (NYSE: JCAP) announced the promotion of Kelly P. Luttrell to Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Ms. Luttrell will also serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company’s advisor. Ms. Luttrell succeeds William C. Drummond, who will retire from the Company. Ms. Luttrell served as the Company’s Corporate Controller since September 2015 and added the title Vice President of Financial Reporting in July 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Luttrell served as Controller and Finance Director of MicroPort Orthopedics, Inc. Prior to joining MicroPort, Ms. Luttrell was in the audit practice at Ernst & Young for 11 years.
Compass Minerals [OVERLAND PARK, Kan.] (NYSE: CMP) announced the appointment of Patrick “Doug” Linehan as the company’s chief financial officer. Linehan joins Compass Minerals having spent the last 17 years at ConAgra Foods, Inc. where he held a variety of finance and accounting leadership positions of increasing responsibility. He most recently served as senior vice president, finance of ConAgra’s consumer brands business. Prior to this role, he served as senior vice president, corporate controller. Linehan began his career at Deloitte LLP in the firm’s accounting and auditing practice.
Micah Holton
Asana Partners [CHARLOTTE, N.C.] announced Micah Holton has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Holton previously was Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of MAA. Holton previously worked with Ernst & Young LLP.
Itron, Inc. [LIBERTY LAKE, Wash.] (NASDAQ: ITRI) announced that Mark Schmitz, the company’s executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) since September 2014, will be stepping down from the position. The company has engaged a firm to conduct an external search for qualified candidates to fill the position. During the transition, Robert Farrow, Itron’s current vice president, strategic planning and treasury, will serve as interim CFO of the company until the search for a permanent replacement is complete. Schmitz will remain available for one month to ensure a smooth transition during the first quarter accounting close. Farrow joined Itron in October 2015 with 35 years of finance and treasury experience. Before joining the company, he served as vice president, financial services and treasury and as corporate treasurer for Alghanim Industries, which he joined in June 2009. From 1994 to 2009, Farrow held positions of increasing responsibility in finance and treasury at General Electric, including CFO of GE Hydro.
USA Technologies, Inc. [MALVERN, Pa.] (NASDAQ: USAT) announced that Priyanka Singh has been appointed as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. She replaces interim CFO, Leland P. Maxwell, who will continue with USAT in a senior finance role. Ms. Singh joins the company from Global Payments Inc. Following the acquisition by Global Payments of Heartland Payment Systems in 2016, Ms. Singh was Vice President, Product Strategy and Innovation and Division CFO for Heartland Commerce. Prior to the acquisition, she spent five years at Heartland Payment Systems, most recently as the Divisional CFO of the Heartland Commerce units and prior thereto as Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis. Previous to that, she spent several years with General Electric in various leadership roles at both GE Capital and GE Healthcare.
Spok Holdings, Inc. [SPRINGFIELD, Va.] (NASDAQ: SPOK) announced that Michael W. Wallace has joined the Company as its new Chief Financial Officer (CFO). He will succeed Shawn E. Endsley in that position, who will assume the role of Chief Accounting Officer. Wallace joins Spok from Intermedix, where he was Executive Vice President and CFO since August 2013. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and CFO of Radiology Corporation of America. Wallace has also served as an Assistant Chief Accountant in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) Division of Enforcement and was a member of the Commission’s Financial Fraud Task Force in Washington, D.C. Prior to being at the SEC, Wallace served as CFO at Inktel Direct, Corp., CELLIT Technologies, Inc., and Kellstrom Industries, Inc. Before joining Kellstrom, Wallace worked at KPMG Peat Marwick, LLP in Miami for more than seven years.
Kansas City Life Insurance Company [KANSAS CITY, Mo.] announced that Tracy W. Knapp, Senior Vice President, Finance and a member of the Board of Directors, has notified the Chairman of his intent to leave the Company and resign from the Board. Mr. Knapp joined Kansas City Life in 1998. He was elected President and CEO of Generations Bank when it was chartered in July 2000 and served in that capacity until its sale in 2006. Mr. Knapp became Senior Vice President, Finance, and the Chief Financial Officer of Kansas City Life in 2002. He was elected to the Board of Directors that same year and has served on the Executive Committee.
Federal Signal Corporation [OAK BROOK, Ill.] (NYSE: FSS) announced that it has promoted Ian A. Hudson to the position of Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hudson succeeds Brian S. Cooper, CFO since May 2013, who has left the Company to pursue other opportunities. Mr. Cooper has entered into a consulting agreement with the Company and will work with Mr. Hudson to facilitate an orderly transition. Mr. Hudson has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller for the Company since August 2013, and will continue to serve in these capacities. From June 2012 to August 2013, Mr. Hudson served as Groupon Inc.’s Director of Accounting for Latin America and Asia Pacific and prior to that role, he worked at Ernst & Young LLP for 14 years. For several years there, he served as the Senior Audit Manager on the Company’s account.
Bridgevine Inc. [ATLANTA] announced John Pumpelly as its new Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Pumpelly joins Bridgevine from Stratix Corporation, where he served as their CFO. Throughout his career, Pumpelly held positions at key companies that gave him both a strategic and financial lens, including BellSouth, Cbeyond and the home security company, Protection One.
Ron Singh
Edison Interactive [DENVER, CO] announced that Ron Singh will join as CFO. Prior to joining Edison Interactive, he served as Managing Director of Silicon Valley Bank.
Ballantyne Strong, Inc. [Omaha, Nebraska] appointed Lance V. Schulz as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. He replaces Ryan M. Burke, who will continue as Corporate Controller for the company. Mr. Schulz served as Managing Director, Accounting for TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, where he managed accounting, corporate tax and external reporting functions, from 2007 to 2016. Prior to that, he served as Director, External Reporting, for TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation from 2000 to 2007. Mr. Schulz has served as a consultant for publicly-traded and privately-held companies on finance, technical accounting and SEC financial reporting matters since 2016. Prior to TD Ameritrade, he held positions with Werner Enterprises, Inc., including Director of Accounting from 1996 to 2000 and Manager of Financial Reporting from 1994 to 1996. From 1990 to 1994, he was a Senior Associate at Coopers & Lybrand (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers).
USA Compression Partners, LP [Austin, TX] has appointed G. Tracy Owens as the Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer of the General Partner and designated Mr. Owens as the principal accounting officer of the Partnership. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Owens, served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Southcross Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Southcross Energy Partners, L.P.  (“Southcross”) from August 2015 until December 2016.  Before joining Southcross, Mr. Owens served as Controller for Alon USA Energy, Inc., since 2006. Prior to joining Alon, Mr. Owens served as Controller for Hunt Refining Company from 1996 until 2006 and as Senior Manager at KPMG LLP from 1986 until 1996.
Westmoreland Coal Company [Englewood, CO] (NASDAQ: WLB) announced that Gary Kohn has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer. Kohn has been serving as interim Chief Financial Officer since November 2016. Kohn joined Westmoreland in April 2016 and served as Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer until his promotion to Interim Chief Financial Officer in November 2016. Prior to joining Westmoreland, Kohn served in leadership roles in investor relations, treasury and finance at companies including First Data, Western Union, Ciber, and Intrepid Potash.
National Instruments Corporation [Austin, Texas] announced the appointment of Karen Rapp to serve as the Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Rapp joins NI from NXP Semiconductors N.V., where she served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development since NXP’s acquisition of Freescale Semiconductor (“Freescale”) in December 2015. Ms. Rapp previously served in several positions at Freescale, including Vice President and Chief Information Officer from April 2013 to December 2015 and Director of Operations and Finance, Global Sales and Marketing from April 2010 to April 2013.
Calix, Inc. [PETALUMA, Calif.] (NYSE: CALX) announced that William Atkins, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has given notice that he will be leaving the Company to pursue another opportunity in the industry.
EPAM Systems, Inc. [NEWTOWN, Pa.] (NYSE: EPAM) announced that Jason Peterson will join EPAM, and will succeed Anthony Conte as CFO. In his most recent role, Peterson was Vice President of Finance, M&A and Due Diligence. Prior to that, he was CFO of the Emerging Business Accelerator and led the Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis function at Cognizant. Prior to joining Cognizant, Peterson was the CFO for E&C Medical Intelligence, and before that, he served as Vice President of ATI Technologies. He previously held financial roles at Philips Semiconductors and Hewlett-Packard.
Glen Burnie Bancorp [GLEN BURNIE, Md.] (NASDAQ: GLBZ) announced the appointment of Jeffrey D. Harris as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Bank; and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Bancorp.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending September 30, 2016
Posted on October 3, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Citizens Financial Group, Inc.
State Street Corporation
American Eagle Outfitters


Progress
Falling Colors Technology
SolarCity Corporation


Beepi, Inc.
WebMD Health Corp.
AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.


Drew Industries Incorporated
Nebraska Book Holdings, Inc.
ALLETE


Sentry Data Systems
MapAnything, Inc.
Williams Companies, Inc.


Alliant Energy Corporation
TechTarget, Inc.
Pacific Life Insurance Company


Sovrn
Unified Grocers, Inc.
Gladstone Commercial Corporation


International Speedway Corporation
PayNearMe Inc
Sonendo®, Inc


EPIC Fuels





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Citizens Financial Group, Inc. [PROVIDENCE, R.I.] (NYSE: CFG) announced that Chief Financial Officer Eric Aboaf is departing to become CFO of State Street Corporation. Aboaf has been CFO since April 2015. Former Citizens Financial Group CFO John Fawcett, who retired in April 2015 after the Citizens initial public offering, will come out of retirement and serve as interim CFO, subject to regulatory approval, post Aboaf’s departure until a successor has been found.
State Street Corporation [BOSTON] (NYSE: STT) announced that Eric Aboaf will join State Street as executive vice president and a member of its Management Committee. Aboaf will succeed Mike Bell as chief financial officer in March 2017. Aboaf joins State Street from Citizens Financial Group where he was CFO. Prior to this role he was with Citigroup for 12 years, most recently as global treasurer. Prior to that, he was CFO of Citigroup’s institutional client group.
American Eagle Outfitters [PITTSBURGH] (NYSE: AEO) announced that Bob Madore has been appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob Madore served as the Chief Financial Officer of Ralph Lauren Corporation from April 2015 to September 2016. Prior to that role, he held a number of key financial and operational roles at the Ralph Lauren Corporation, including Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance from December 2010 to March 2015, and Senior Vice President of Operations and Chief Financial Officer of its retail division from 2004 to December 2010. Before joining Ralph Lauren, Bob was Chief Financial Officer for New York & Company from 2003 to 2004, and served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of FutureBrand, from 2001 to 2003. Before that, he held various executive management positions at Nine West Group, Inc. from 1995 through 2000. Bob began his career in 1987 at Deloitte & Touche until 1995.
Progress [BEDFORD, Mass.] (NASDAQ: PRGS) announced the appointment of Kurt J. Abkemeier as its new chief financial officer. Abkemeier succeeds Chris E. Perkins. Prior to joining Progress, from January 2014 to September 2016, Abkemeier served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Inteliquent, Inc. Previously, Abkemeier served as the Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Cbeyond, Inc. from 2005 to 2012. Abkemeier has also held various senior management positions within telecommunications-related companies and was a senior sell-side research analyst at J.P. Morgan & Co.
Falling Colors Technology [SANTA FE, N.M.] announced that Leon David Lopez has been named the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Lopez joined the firm of Waddell & Reed, Inc., as a Financial Advisor. In 2009, Lopez accepted a position as a Financial Advisor and Insurance Agent with New York Life. In 2010, Lopez took a position with the Christus St Vincent Sobering Center/Care Connection, then one with the Christus St Vincent Department of Community Health. Following his work with Christus St Vincent, Leon Lopez worked for the State of New Mexico Behavioral Health Services Division (BHSD) as their Quality Improvement Manager. In 2014, Lopez was promoted to Deputy Director of Finance and Contracts, as well as Chief Financial Officer of the Behavioral Health Collaborative.
SolarCity Corporation [SAN MATEO, Calif,] (NASDAQ: SCTY) announced that it has promoted Executive Vice President of Global Capital Markets Radford Small to the role of Chief Financial Officer. He replaces President Tanguy Serra, who will be leaving the company. Mr. Small originally joined SolarCity from Goldman, Sachs & Co. where he was a Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer for the Clean Technology and Renewables group.
David Faugno
Beepi, Inc. [MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.] announced it hired David Faugno as its chief financial officer. Faugno joins Beepi from Barracuda Networks where he led as CFO for a decade.
WebMD Health Corp. [NEW YORK] (NASDAQ: WBMD) announced that the Board of Directors has appointed Blake DeSimone, its Senior Vice President of Finance, as its Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. DeSimone succeeds Peter Anevski who is leaving the Company. Mr. DeSimone joined WebMD as its Senior Vice President of Finance in June 2015. Prior to joining WebMD, Mr. DeSimone was Chief Financial Officer of D+M Holdings. Prior to that, he was President and CFO of Advogent Group, Inc. He also served in other executive roles at Cardinal Health and Boron Lepore & Associates, Inc.  Mr. DeSimone started his career in Arthur Andersen’s Assurance Practice.
AgroFresh Solutions, Inc. [PHILADELPHIA] (NASDAQ: AGFS) announced that chief financial officer Margo Loebl will be leaving the company to pursue other professional interests.  She will be replaced by Katherine Harper. Most recently, Ms. Harper was the CFO of Tronox. Prior to joining Tronox, she served as a Product Group Chief Financial and Business Development Officer within the Rio Tinto Group.  Her early career spanned financial positions of increasing responsibility for such organizations as Gulbrandsen Group, General Chemical Corporation, Security Bureau and Westinghouse Electric Corporation.
Drew Industries Incorporated [ELKHART, Ind.] (NYSE: DW) announced that David M. Smith, Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the Company to pursue other opportunities.  Mr. Smith joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer in September 2015.  The Company also announced that it has named Brian Hall as interim Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Hall will serve in this role until the Board elects Mr. Smith’s replacement.  Mr. Hall joined the Company in March 2013, and has served as Corporate Controller since June 2013.  Prior to joining the Company, he spent more than 16 years in public accounting, most recently as a Senior Manager at Crowe Horwath LLP.
Jay Amond
Nebraska Book Holdings, Inc. [LINCOLN, Neb.] (OTC PINK: NEEB) welcomed Jay Amond as chief financial officer. Amond was recently senior vice president and chief financial officer with Follett Higher Education Group, Inc. for almost 9 years. In addition, Amond spent many years in the retail sector in various financial executive roles.
ALLETE [DULUTH, Minn.] (NYSE: ALE) announced the retirement of Chief Financial Officer Steve DeVinck. DeVinck will remain at the company until spring 2017. DeVinck joined ALLETE in 1997 after fourteen years with the U.S. operations of Enbridge, Inc. where he held the position of chief accountant. He was promoted to assistant controller in 1999, named director, non-utility business development in 2004, and served as ALLETE controller from 2006 to 2013 before assuming the CFO role.
Tom Tran
Sentry Data Systems [DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla.] announced Tom Tran as the organization’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Tran has been with Sentry since May 2016, recently accepted the position of CFO and COO. Prior to Sentry, Tran served for more than six years as CFO of WellCare Health Plans. Prior to that, Tran was president, COO and CFO of CareGuide, Inc. He also served as CFO of Uniprise, Inc. Tran has also served as CFO of ConnectiCare, Inc., as well as Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, and as Vice President of Finance and Controller for CIGNA HealthCare.
MapAnything, Inc. [CHARLOTTE, N.C.] announced Chris Rosbrook has joined as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, he was Managing Director at Piper Jaffray Companies. Prior to that, he spent nine years at Edgeview Partners. Rosbrook started his career with a computer-aided-engineering software startup.
Williams Companies, Inc. [TULSA, Okla.] (NYSE: WMB) announced that Peter Ragauss, former Chief Financial Officer of Baker Hughes and current Board director at Apache Corporation, have been appointed to the Williams Board of Directors. Mr. Ragauss retired from Baker Hughes in November 2014 after serving eight years as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He joined the Board of Directors of Apache Corporation in December 2014. From 2003 to 2006, prior to joining Baker Hughes, Mr. Ragauss was controller, Refining and Marketing, for BP Plc. From 2000 to 2003, he was chief executive officer for Air BP. From 1998 to 2000, he was assistant to group chief executive for BP Amoco. Earlier in his career, from 1996 to 1998, Mr. Ragauss served as vice president of Finance for El Paso Energy International. He held positions of increasing responsibility at Tenneco Inc. from 1993 to 1996, and Kidder, Peabody & Co. Incorporated from 1987 to 1993.
Alliant Energy Corporation [MADISON, Wis.] (NYSE: LNT) announced that Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Hanson will retire from the company. Alliant Energy has named Robert Durian as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Robert has been with the company since 1992 and has held a variety of leadership roles. He was named Controller in 2010, Chief Accounting Officer in 2011 and Vice President in 2015. He was named Treasurer earlier this year.
TechTarget, Inc. [NEWTON, Mass.] (NASDAQ: TTGT) announced that Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Janice O’Reilly has resigned. She will remain with the Company until December 31, 2016 to assist with the recruitment and transition to a new Chief Financial Officer. O’Reilly has been with TechTarget since June 2011.
Pacific Life Insurance Company [NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.] announced that Adrian Griggs, currently executive vice president and chief financial officer has been appointed chief operating officer. Darryl Button will join Pacific Life from Aegon N.V. to serve as chief financial officer. Mr. Button has been with Aegon N.V. since 1999, serving in an executive role for the past 11 years, including as CFO and a member of the executive board.
Sovrn [BOULDER, Colo.] announced the addition of Tim Connor to its Board of Directors. Tim is currently the CFO of Code42. Immediately prior to joining Code42, Tim was CFO at Datalogix.
Christine Neal
Unified Grocers, Inc. [LOS ANGELES] announced that Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Michael F. Henn is retiring. Christine Neal will be promoted to the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Neal joined Unified in 2003, and in her previous roles she was responsible for Finance, Treasury, Strategic Planning and Human Resources. Prior to the joining the Company, Neal served for several years as a financial consultant to Unified. She also served as Chief Financial Officer for the California Restaurant Association, and was Controller for Gelson’s Markets. Neal began her career at the Cincinnati office of Arthur Young & Company, where she worked for eight years as an accountant and audit manager.
Gladstone Commercial Corporation [McLean, VA] (NASDAQ: GOOD) reported that Danielle Jones, has resigned her position as Chief Financial Officer.
International Speedway Corporation [DAYTONA BEACH, Fla.] (NASDAQ: ISCA) announced that Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Daniel W. Houser will retire.  Mr. Houser will be succeeded by Gregory S. Motto.  Mr. Motto currently serves as the Company’s Vice President, Finance and Accounting and Controller. Mr. Motto has been with ISC since 2000. He was promoted to Vice President in April 2015 and has served as Controller for the Company since 2008.  During his time with ISC, Motto has served in a number of roles of increasing responsibility within the finance and accounting functions including Financial Analyst, Assistant Controller and Director of Strategic Planning.
Kristina Campbell
PayNearMe Inc. [SUNNYVALE, CA] appointed Kristina Campbell as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining PayNearMe Inc., Campbell served as the General Manager of GoBank.
Sonendo Inc. [LAGUNA HILLS, Calif.] announced the appointment of John (Jack) Glenn as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Sonendo, Glenn most recently served as Chief Financial Officer of Armetheon Corporation. Prior to this, Glenn served as Chief Financial Officer of Solta Medical. Previously Glenn served as Chief Financial Officer at Cholestech, and also served as Chief Financial Officer at Invivo Corporation.
Marla Beckham
EPIC Fuels [IRVING, TX] announced the appointment of Marla Beckham as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Beckham joins EPIC Fuels from Atlantic Aviation. Prior to her tenure at the FBO network, Marla worked in the oil, gas and power industries in various finance positions at TXU Energy and Shell Trading North America Gas & Power. Marla also worked for accounting firm Deloitte & Touche.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending September 23, 2016
Posted on September 26, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Smartsheet
Inteliquent, Inc.
W. P. Carey Inc.


The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.
SecurityScorecard
QuickBase Inc.


Medsphere Systems Corporation
Performance Food Group Company
ForeScout Technologies, Inc.


Plexure
W2O Group
Kemper Corporation


Trecora Resources
EasyVista Inc
Duck Creek Technologies


Quorum
Principal Financial Group®
Rambus Inc.


ALTIVIA
Intel Corporation
eRelevance Corp.


Metropolitan Commercial Bank
Organogenesis Inc
Benefitfocus, Inc.


Stewart & Stevenson LLC
Blancco Technology Group
CreativeDrive


Simpler Trading
Pinnacle Advanced Reliability Technologies
Urban Airship


Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.
Rapid Micro Biosystems



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Jennifer Ceran
Smartsheet [BELLEVUE, Wash.] announced the addition of Jennifer Ceran as the company’s chief financial officer. Ceran, who most recently served as CFO of Quotient Technology Inc., previously was the VP of Finance at Box and Ebay/PayPal, and prior to that was Director of Corporate Finance at Cisco.
Inteliquent, Inc. [CHICAGO] announced that Kurt Abkemeier has resigned as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer in order to pursue another career opportunity.
W. P. Carey Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: WPC) announced today that its Chief Financial Officer, Hisham Kader, is resigning from the position. Ms. Toni Ann Sanzone has been appointed interim CFO of W. P. Carey Inc., having served as its Chief Accounting Officer since 2015. Ms. Sanzone joined W. P. Carey in April 2013 as Global Corporate Controller. Prior to joining W. P. Carey, Ms. Sanzone served as the Corporate Controller at iStar Financial Inc., where she held various senior accounting positions from 2006 to 2013.
Jeffrey M. Farber
The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. [WORCESTER, Mass.] (NYSE: THG) announced that Jeffrey M. Farber has been appointed executive vice president and chief financial officer. Farber joins The Hanover after five years with American International Group (AIG), where he served as the organization’s deputy chief financial officer and as chief risk officer. Prior to AIG, Farber served as chief financial officer of GAMCO Investors, Inc. Previously, he held senior accounting and finance roles at The Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., most recently as senior managing director, controller and senior vice president. He began his career at Deloitte & Touche LLP, rising to partner in the firm.
SecurityScorecard [NEW YORK] announced that Bill Siegel has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Siegel was previously the Head of NASDAQ Private Market following Nasdaq’s acquisition of SecondMarket, where he was CEO.
QuickBase Inc. [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] announced that Matt Hoogerland will become its Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Hoogerland will succeed William Markley, who served as QuickBase’s Interim CFO. Previously, Matt was CFO of Ozburn-Hessey Logistics. In addition to his role as CFO of OHL, Hoogerland held several senior finance management positions at Brady Corporation and Metavante Corporation. He also served in a number of progressive finance roles at Grande Cheese Company, Ford Motor Company, and First Chicago NBD.
Medsphere Systems Corporation [CARLSBAD, Calif.] announced that Rita Schaefer has been named chief financial officer (CFO). Schaefer was previously CFO for ChartLogic. Schaefer joined ChartLogic in 2000, later becoming chief financial officer. Earlier in her career, she owned a company that provided accounting and consulting services to medical practices and clinics.
Performance Food Group Company [RICHMOND, Va.] (NYSE: PFGC) announced that Tom Ondrof will join PFG as Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer. Ondrof succeeds Bob Evans, who is retiring after serving as CFO for seven years. Ondrof joins PFG following a 24-year career with Compass Group North America. During his tenure he served as Director of Financial Planning (1991-1996), Corporate Controller (1996-1999) and Chief Financial Officer (1999-2010). He was named Chief Strategy Officer in 2010 before serving in his most recent position of Chief Development Officer from 2013-2015.
James Beer
ForeScout Technologies, Inc. [SAN JOSE, CA] announced the appointment of James Beer to its Board of Directors. Beer currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of McKesson Corporation. Prior to joining McKesson, Beer served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Symantec Corp. and as Chief Financial Officer of AMR Corp. and American Airlines.
Plexure [SAN FRANCISCO, CA] announced that it has appointed Andrew Dalziel as chief financial officer. Dalziel joins Plexure having led financial operations for several high-growth companies. His previous roles include serving as CFO of CricHQ, financial controller for Z Energy, head of International Finance for Telecom New Zealand, financial controller for Barclays and senior tax consultant for PwC.
W2O Group [SAN FRANCISCO] announced the appointment of Richard Neave as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Neave is replacing Tony Esposito, who has been CFO since 2008 and who will continue to consult for the firm in the near term as he starts his own financial advisory practice. Neave joins from Huntsworth Health where he was global CFO. Prior to Huntsworth, he held top financial positions at Ogilvy, Medialink and Edelman.
Kemper Corporation [CHICAGO] (NYSE: KMPR) announced that James “Jim” J. McKinney will join the company in November as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. McKinney replaces Frank J. Sodaro, who will serve as a senior advisor to the company through the end of 2016. During the transition period, Richard Roeske, Kemper’s Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, will serve as interim Chief Financial Officer. In his most recent role, McKinney served as Chief Financial Officer for the Banc of California. Prior to joining Banc of California, McKinney was Principal Accounting Officer and Global Corporate Controller for International Lease Finance Corporation (IFLC), a division of AIG. In addition, McKinney worked for RBS Citizens Asset Finance, where he held several senior finance and analytical roles. In his early career, he worked for KPMG, ServiceGas and the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.
Trecora Resources [SUGAR LAND, Texas] (NYSE: TREC) announced that Sami Ahmad will be appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer, replacing Connie Cook.  Ms. Cook will remain as Treasurer and Secretary with the added title of Vice President of Accounting and Compliance.  Mr. Ahmad joins Trecora from Armada Water Assets, Inc. where he was Chief Financial Officer and served on the Board of Directors. Prior to joining Armada Water Assets in 2013, which he helped build from formation, he served as Chief Financial Officer for Southwest Water Company, and as Vice President and Treasurer for Exterran.  Earlier Mr. Ahmad worked for LyondellBasell Industries and Lyondell Chemical Company from 1998 to 2009, where his positions included Director, Corporate Development; Assistant Treasurer, Corporate Finance; and Director, Investor Relations.  From 1991 through 1998 he held various positions with ARCO Chemical Company.
Vincent Migayrou
EasyVista Inc. [NEW YORK] announced that Vincent Migayrou has joined EasyVista to assume the role of Chief Financial Officer. Migayrou joins EasyVista with more than 30 years of experience in CFO positions for large IT companies (SAP, CGI-Logica and Open Text) and fast growth venture-backed IT businesses (Bewan, Alter Way).
Duck Creek Technologies [COLUMBIA, S.C.] announced Vincent Chippari will join their executive team as its chief financial officer. Mr. Chippari was most recently the managing director and CFO of Interactive Data Corporation. His previous positions include serving as CFO of two private-equity backed pre-IPO technology businesses, FleetMatics Group and NameMedia, Inc., chief strategy officer of Thomson Healthcare, and executive VP and CFO of Information Holdings Inc.
Jordan Copland
Quorum [HOUSTON] announced the appointment of Jordan Copland as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Copland succeeds Rick Piacenti. Copland joins Quorum from Omnitracs, LLC, where he held the position of chief financial officer. Before joining Omnitracs, LLC, Copland held CFO positions at Harbor Freight Tools, and GSI Commerce. He also served previously in a host of senior finance and business development positions during his nine-year tenure at The Walt Disney Company.
Deanna Strable-Soethout
Principal Financial Group® [DES MOINES, Iowa] announced that, in preparation for the retirement of current chief financial officer and executive vice president Terry J. Lillis in April 2017, Deanna D. Strable-Soethout (Strable) will assume the role of chief financial officer effective February 14, 2017. In addition, she is promoted to executive vice president of Principal®. She will retain her current position as president of United States Insurance Solutions until her successor is named. In 2015, Strable was named president of the United States Insurance Solutions. Strable joined the company in 1990 as an actuarial assistant. She was appointed actuarial associate in 1992, senior actuarial associate in 1994 and named officer in 1995. In 1999, Strable was promoted to second vice president, and then vice president in 2002. She was named senior vice president in 2005 before assuming her current position in 2015. In addition to her role within Principal, Strable currently serves as chair of the Board of Directors for LIMRA LOMA Global (LL Global, Inc) and is a member of the Board of Trustees for Simpson College. She also serves on various committees for United Way of Central Iowa and the American Council of Life Insurers (ACLI).
Rambus Inc. [Sunnyvale, CA] (NASDAQ: RMBS) announced that Rahul Mathur has accepted the position of senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Rambus, Mr. Mathur served as senior vice president of finance at Cypress Semiconductor. Prior to that, Rahul served as vice president of finance at Spansion (later acquired by Cypress). Rahul has previously worked at numerous technology companies such as NetSuite and KLA-Tencor, and started his career as a consultant with Arthur Andersen.
ALTIVIA [HOUSTON] announced that Frank J. Hayes will join the company as Chief Financial Officer. Hayes will replace the company’s current CFO, Fred Stahelin, who is retiring after 16 years of service with the company. Hayes’ previous assignments at DuPont have included chief financial officer for DuPont Sustainable Solutions, global finance manager for DuPont Building Innovations, and global finance and planning manager for DuPont Fluoropolymers, all based in Wilmington, Delaware.  Hayes also spent four years in Singapore as a finance manager for the Dow-DuPont Elastomers Joint Venture.  Earlier in his career, Hayes worked as a line manufacturing supervisor at DuPont’s Coatings Plant in Moberly, Missouri.
Intel Corporation [SANTA CLARA, Calif.] (NASDAQ: INTC) announced the appointment of Robert “Bob” H. Swan as executive vice president and chief financial officer. He replaces Stacy Smith, who is taking a broader role within Intel leading manufacturing, sales and operations. Smith served nine years as Intel’s CFO. Swan joins Intel from growth equity firm General Atlantic where he served as an operating partner. Prior to General Atlantic, he served nine years as the CFO of eBay Inc. Before that, he was CFO at Electronic Data Systems Corp and at TRW Inc. He also served as CFO, COO and CEO of Webvan Group Inc. Prior to that, Bob served in a number of senior finance roles at General Electric.
Andy Peoples
eRelevance Corp. [AUSTIN, Texas] announced the appointment of Andrew (Andy) Peoples as Chief Financial Officer. Andy’s most recent post was CFO at Bulldog Solutions. Prior to Bulldog Solutions, Andy held various accounting positions at PriceWaterhouseCoopers, Michael Angelo Gourmet Foods, National Instruments, and Britestream Networks.
Sangeeta Kishore
Metropolitan Commercial Bank [NEW YORK] announced that Sangeeta Kishore has joined the Bank’s management team as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Metropolitan Commercial Bank, Ms. Kishore served as the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Risk Officer at Kish Bank. She also served as the President and CEO of Hanover Community Bank.
Organogenesis Inc. [CANTON, Mass.] announced that Tim Cunningham has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Cunningham has helped to build and develop multiple successful technology companies through their entire growth lifecycles – including Infinium Software and GFI Software.  Earlier in his career, Cunningham was with KPMG in New York.
Benefitfocus, Inc. [CHARLESTON, S.C.] (NASDAQ: BNFT) announced that Jeffrey Laborde has been appointed chief financial officer. Laborde has previously served as chief financial officer at both Infor, Inc., and SumTotal Systems. Prior to SumTotal, Laborde served as a managing director in the San Francisco office of Goldman, Sachs & Co. in its Technology, Media & Telecom Group. Laborde has also led teams for Credit Suisse First Boston’s Technology Group and prior to that, was staff and senior auditor of Arthur Andersen LLP’s Audit and Business Advisory – Enterprise Group.
Stewart & Stevenson LLC [HOUSTON] announced the appointment of Jack L. Pieper to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Jack is currently serving as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer.
Blancco Technology Group [ATLANTA and LONDON] (LON: BLTG) announced it has appointed Keith Butcher as its Chief Financial Officer. Butcher will also join the Board of Directors in October 2016. He replaces the company’s longtime CFO, Jog Dhody, will resign from the company and the Board. Butcher has held CFO roles at several techology and e-commerce companies, including PaySafe Group, Flomerics and DataCash Group.
CreativeDrive [NEW YORK] announced that Louis-Philippe Cavallo has been named CFO. For the past year Cavallo was corporate controller at Dataminr. Prior to Dataminr, Cavallo was managing partner/controller of GroupM where he joined after seven years at Havas North America as CFO and head of Shared Services. Earlier in his career he was with JCDecaux, working first in Paris as International Controller and then in New York as Controller.
Kiersten Saathoff
Simpler Trading [AUSTIN, Texas] announced the appointment of Kiersten Saathoff as Chief Financial Officer. Kiersten Saathoff was previously the Manager of Finance and Business Operations for Yorktown Technologies. Saathoff was also Strategic Advisor for Rocketmiles, and served on the Advisory Board of Bumbershooot Ventures. After receiving her MPA from the University of Texas at Austin, she went on to hold financial and management consulting positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers and Navigant.
Pinnacle Advanced Reliability Technologies [PASADENA, TX] announced the appointment of Stephen T. Powers as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining PinnacleART, Powers served as Vice President of Corporate Development – Canyon Offshore at Helix Energy Solutions Group. Powers has served in a variety of finance and accounting roles of increasing responsibility at PwC Consulting, Koch Capital Markets, Aggreko and Rosetta Resources.
Urban Airship [PORTLAND, OR] announced Scott Allen as CFO. Previously, Scott served as the CFO of Intermedia. Prior to Intermedia, Scott was vice president and CFO of Citrix Online. Prior to Citrix, Scott held a variety of positions in finance at ADP, culminating as vice president and general manager.
Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. [NEW HAVEN, CT] announced the appointment of Roy Prieb as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer effective immediately. Mr. Prieb will also serve on the company’s Board of Directors. He is a co-founder of Kleo Pharmaceuticals. Roy Prieb has helped launch, fund, and grow several digital ventures including Saaspire, Kellogg Media Group, Qiosk.com, and JibJab.com. Earlier in his career, Mr. Prieb was a consultant with The Boston Consulting Group.
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. [CHARLOTTE, N.C.] announced the appointment of Alexander Pease as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This follows the planned retirement of Rick Puckett as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Puckett remain with the Company in a consulting role for a period of time to ensure a smooth transition. Mr. Pease joins the Company from McKinsey & Co. Mr. Pease spent a total of ten years with McKinsey & Co. in various roles, including tenures prior to and subsequent to his role at EnPro. From 2011 to 2015, Mr. Pease held the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EnPro Industries (NPO).
Rapid Micro Biosystems [LOWELL, Mass.] announced the addition of Richard Kollender as Chief Business Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kollender was most recently,a Managing Partner of Quaker Partners, and served as an active Chairman or Board Member of more than a dozen private and publicly traded companies, including Rapid Micro Biosystems.  Previously, he held positions in sales, marketing, global business development, and venture capital at GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) and its corporate venture arm, S.R. One.  Mr. Kollender began his career as a Certified Public Accountant initially with KPMG, and subsequently with Rudolph, Palitz.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending January 24, 2014
Posted on January 27, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Campbell Soup Company 
Dell 
ZoomInfo® 


Alcoa 
Triumph Group, Inc. 
BMG North America


National Dentex 
XL Hybrids, Inc. 
Gateway Mortgage Group


Matrix Systems
Advanced Cell Technology 
MemorialCare Health System


Epic Sciences 
FirstLight Fiber
Reed’s, Inc. 


Silver Airways 
Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
Mt. Macrina Manor


Waterstone Financial, Inc. 
FTI Consulting, Inc.
Post University 


JTH Holding, Inc.
Inteliquent, Inc. 
Link Staffing Services 


LawLogix Group, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Campbell Soup Company (NYSE: CPB) announced that B. Craig Owens, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer since 2008, has informed the company of his decision to retire on May 1, 2014. Anthony P. DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President – Finance, has been appointed to succeed Owens as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective on that date. Since joining Campbell in 1996, DiSilvestro has held a wide range of senior roles in the Finance organization and in the company’s principal business divisions, including Treasurer; Controller; Vice President – Finance for Campbell North America; Vice President – Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; and Vice President and Managing Director of Campbell International. He also serves as the senior financial officer for Campbell North America, the company’s largest division. Before joining Campbell, he served in various senior financial roles at Scott Paper Company and as Chief Financial Officer of Mölnlycke A.B. Health Care.
Dell announced the appointment of Thomas W. Sweet as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Dell. Mr. Sweet, currently vice president, corporate controller and chief accounting officer, succeeds Brian Gladden, who has served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Dell since 2008. Mr. Gladden, who has chosen to pursue career interests outside of Dell, will remain at the company through the end of February.
ZoomInfo® appointed Paul Boulanger as its new chief financial officer (CFO) and vice president of operations. Prior to joining ZoomInfo, Boulanger was head of operations and emerging platforms at Nokia within the Global App Store. Boulanger also held the role of global CFO of Monster Worldwide Technologies. Prior to that, Boulanger was vice president of mergers and acquisitions for Monster Worldwide. 
Alcoa (NYSE: AA) announced that its Board of Directors has elected Carol L. Roberts a director of the Company and member of the Audit Committee of the Board. Ms. Roberts is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of International Paper Company (IP). Before being named CFO in 2011, Ms. Roberts led IP’s largest business, the Industrial Packaging Group. She also was Vice President of People Development for three years. Ms. Roberts began her career with IP in 1981 as an associate engineer at the company’s Mobile, Alabama mill.
Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE: TGI) announced that M. David Kornblatt, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will transition from that position next month to become the company’s Director of Corporate Development. He will be succeeded as Chief Financial Officer by Jeffrey L. McRae, currently President of Triumph Aerostructures – Vought Aircraft Division. Most recently, Mr. McRae was named President of Triumph Aerostructures – Vought Aircraft Division in October, 2013, having previously served as President of Triumph Aerostructures – Vought Integrated Programs Division and Chief Financial Officer for Triumph Aerostructures – Vought Aircraft Division, a position he had assumed upon the completion of Triumph’s acquisition of Vought Aircraft Industries, Inc. in June 2010. Prior to the acquisition, Mr. McRae had served as Vought’s Vice President of Business Operations. Prior to joining Vought, Mr. McRae spent 20 years with BAE Systems (formerly United Defense) and its legacy companies, most recently as interim President and General Manager for the Armament Systems Division (ASD). During his career, he held a series of financial management positions, including Director of Finance for ASD, Chief Financial Officer for joint ventures in Turkey and Saudi Arabia, Director of a payroll and benefits shared services center, and Plant Controller for a production facility. Mr. McRae began his career with KPMG.
BMG has appointed Joe Gillen as Chief Financial Officer of BMG North America, based in New York. Gillen joins from Universal Music Group’s Capitol Music Division (formerly EMI Music North America) where he was appointed SVP Finance in 2007. Previously, he served as VP Finance of Capitol & Virgin Records which he joined in 2004 after a number of senior finance positions at Sony Music Entertainment US.
National Dentex named Mark Brockelman Vice President/Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining NDX, Brockelman served as the Senior Vice President/Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of the Miami Dolphins and Sun Life Stadium for the past three years. He also served as the Chief Financial Officer at eScreen, Inc. He also served for four years as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Ascend Media LLC. He previously spent five years at American Media, Inc. (AMI). Mark was AMI’s Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer.
XL Hybrids, Inc. announced it has made a key addition to its executive team with the appointment of Neal C. Isaacson as chief financial officer. Previously, Isaacson served as CFO at Open Blue, Ze-gen and EnerNOC. Isaacson has also served as CFO of Ucentric Systems, and was founder, CFO and director of Cignal Global Communications, Inc.
Gateway Mortgage Group announced Alan Ferree as its new President. Ferree joined Gateway in 2010 as Chief Financial Officer. Replacing Ferree as CFO is Patrick McGowan. Mr. McGowan’s career spans 17 years where he held senior level executive positions for Texas Capital Bank, Centex Home Equity Corporation, Highlands Bank and most recently he was EVP and CFO for Collin Bank.
Matrix Systems has named Kelly Cain as the company’s Chief Financial officer. Prior to joining Matrix Systems, Cain served as Vice President, Sales Operations for Robert Bosch Tool Corp. Previously, she was Chief Financial Officer at CST/berger. During her career, she also held Controller positions at Affiliated Computer Services, Netifice Communications and Remington Medical.
Advanced Cell Technology (OTC: ACTC) announced that Gary Rabin will leave the Chief Executive Officer position. The board has appointed the Company’s CFO and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development, Edward Myles, as interim President.
MemorialCare Health System in Southern California named Karen Testman as its new Chief Financial Officer. Testman, with more than 20 years of health care experience, was most recently MemorialCare’s Senior Vice President of Financial Operations, becoming the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in late 2013. Since joining MemorialCare in 1998, she has been the CFO at Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center in Fountain Valley and Saddleback Memorial Medical Center in Laguna Hills and San Clemente. Prior to leadership roles at MemorialCare, she spent five years in public accounting as an auditor and began her career as a registered nurse.
Epic Sciences announced the appointment of Michael Rodriguez as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Epic Sciences, Mr. Rodriguez served as chief operating officer of Clarient Diagnostic Services.  Prior to his promotion to COO, he served as CFO, facilitating its sale to GE Healthcare. Prior to Clarient, Mr. Rodriguez served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Endocare, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Directfit, and senior financial capacities for Tickets.com, and EDiX Corporation.
FirstLight Fiber announced the appointment of Gary Kraemer as its new Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President. Mr. Kraemer will assume the CFO role previously held by Sean Socha. After three successful years as CFO for FirstLight, Mr. Socha is relocating back to his hometown to care for his extended family. Prior to FirstLight, Mr. Kraemer was the Vice President and CFO of Fidelis Security Systems from 2008 through its recent acquisition by General Dynamics. Mr. Kraemer’s experience includes Senior Finance and CFO positions with multiple growing technology companies, including Data General, Bay Networks, Sandburst Corporation and Moldflow. Mr. Kraemer began his career at Price Waterhouse.
Reed’s, Inc. (NYSE MKT: REED) announced that its current CFO, James Linesch will be leaving at the end of the month.
Silver Airways named Sami Teittinen as its new Chief Financial Officer. Most recently he served as a CFO for BBA Aviation Flight Support.
Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced the appointment of Ryan Daws as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Concert he was a Director in the Healthcare Investment Banking Group from 2010 to 2013 at Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. From 1999 to 2010, he served in positions of increasing responsibility within the Healthcare Investment Banking Group of Cowen and Company, LLC.
Mt. Macrina Manor in Uniontown, Pa. has hired Edward Rutledge as chief financial officer. Formerly, Rutledge held the role of chief financial officer at Centre Crest Nursing Home, a 240-bed facility in Bellefonte, Pa. He previously was the regional controller for Grane Healthcare Company in Pittsburgh, Pa. Rutledge also served as fiscal director for Washington County Health Center in Washington, Pa.
Waterstone Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ: WSBF) announced that Richard C. Larson, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, has announced his resignation, effective February 7, 2014.
FTI Consulting, Inc. (NYSE: FCN) announced that the appointment of Nicholas C. Fanandakis as a director of the Company. Mr. Fanandakis is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (“DuPont”), assuming that position in November 2009. Prior to becoming Chief Financial Officer in November 2009, he served as Group Vice President of DuPont Applied BioSciences from 2008 to 2009. He also served as Vice President and General Manager of DuPont Chemical Solutions Enterprise from 2003 until February 2007 when he was named Vice President of DuPont Corporate Plans. Mr. Fanandakis joined DuPont in 1979.
Post University announced that Richard Volk, has been named Chief Financial Officer of the University. Scott Allen, who has served as CFO since 2011 and has held a number of other essential positions at Post for the last 15 years, has assumed the role of Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to joining Post, Mr. Volk served as the Vice President of Budgeting, Planning, and Analysis at Grand Canyon University. He also spent five years in the U.S. Navy and worked in various senior financial roles in the telecommunications industry.
JTH Holding, Inc. (NASDAQ: TAX), the parent company of Liberty Tax Service, announced that Kathleen Donovan will assume the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). As previously announced, the Company is restructuring the CFO position and Ms. Donovan’s hiring completes that process. Mark Baumgartner, the Company’s current CFO, will continue in his role of Chief Executive Officer of the Company’s JTH Financial subsidiary as planned. Ms. Donovan has over 30 years of financial experience including 12 years as a CFO, most recently with Catapult Learning, LLC. Previously, she served as the CFO for Medquist, Inc. and Dendrite International and also held various finance positions with Unisys.
Inteliquent, Inc. (NASDAQ: IQNT) announced that Kurt Abkemeier has been appointed Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President. Eric Carlson, Inteliquent’s interim principal financial officer and interim principal accounting officer from August 2013 until Mr. Abkemeier’s appointment, will continue to serve as Inteliquent’s Controller. Prior to joining Inteliquent, Mr. Abkemeier served as the Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Cbeyond, Inc. from 2005 to 2012. Prior to Cbeyond, Inc., Mr. Abkemeier was the Director of Finance and Strategic Planning at AirGate PCS, Inc. Mr. Abkemeier also held various senior management positions within telecommunications-related companies and was a senior sell-side research analyst at J.P. Morgan & Co. analyzing telecommunications companies.
Link Staffing Services announced that Former Chief Financial Officer for the organization, Greg Mabry was named President of following the retirement of former president Frank Mastalski on December 31. Mabry took over as President on Wednesday, January 1 according to a company spokesperson. Mabry has spent the past two-and-a-half years as CFO for Link Staffing. Prior to his service with Link Staffing, he served as Treasurer for MMI Products and as CFO for Merchant Metals, a division of CRH Oldcastle. His background includes additional financial leadership roles in other notable organizations such as International Paper Company, Mitchell Energy and Development Corp., and Conoco Chemicals Company.
LawLogix Group, Inc. announced the appointment of Chris Scoggin as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Scoggin joins LawLogix from Blue Group Media, where he served as Chief Financial Officer.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,397 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:






403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




Progress Announces Appointment of Kurt J. Abkemeier as Chief Financial OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,469.91-2.63 (-0.11%)Dow 3021,513.17-66.90 (-0.31%)Nasdaq6,410.81+23.05 (+0.36%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Progress Announces Appointment of Kurt J. Abkemeier as Chief Financial OfficerBusiness WireSeptember 28, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareBEDFORD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Progress (PRGS) today announced the appointment of Kurt J. Abkemeier as its new chief financial officer. As CFO, Abkemeier will oversee the company’s global finance and accounting operations and be a member of the company's executive leadership team, reporting to Phil Pead, president and chief executive officer. Abkemeier succeeds Chris E. Perkins, who informed the company in March 2016 that he would retire as CFO upon the appointment of his successor. Abkemeier begins as CFO at Progress on September 28, 2016.“We are delighted with the appointment of Kurt Abkemeier after a search process that considered a very strong field of candidates,” said Pead. “Kurt is an accomplished executive with significant financial and operational expertise, including as a CFO, and will be an exceptional addition to our team. Kurt has broad experience serving in global, technology-driven companies and his depth of financial and operational experience will be invaluable in helping us achieve our strategic business objectives.”Pead added, "all of us at Progress thank Chris Perkins for his leadership in helping to guide Progress during a period of significant change at our company and we wish him well in his retirement.”Prior to joining Progress, from January 2014 to September 2016, Abkemeier served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Inteliquent, Inc., a leading voice and messaging interconnection partner for communications service providers of all types. At Inteliquent, he was responsible for its accounting and finance functions, as well as the company’s strategy and corporate development activities. Previously, Abkemeier served as the Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Cbeyond, Inc. from 2005 to 2012. Abkemeier has also held various senior management positions within telecommunications-related companies and was a senior sell-side research analyst at J.P. Morgan & Co. Abkemeier holds a Bachelor of Science degree in applied economics from Cornell University and is a certified financial analyst."It is a tremendous opportunity to join Progress at such an exciting time,” said Abkemeier. “I’m looking forward to helping Progress succeed in the next phases of its strategic transformation.”Progress Software CorporationProgress (PRGS) is a global leader in application development, empowering the digital transformation organizations need to create and sustain engaging user experiences in today's evolving marketplace. With offerings spanning web, mobile and data for on-premise and cloud environments, Progress powers startups and industry titans worldwide, promoting success one customer at a time. Learn about Progress at www.progress.com or 1-781-280-4000.Progress is a trademark or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. Any other trademarks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160928006297/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextGrab builds out war chest in a fight for car-share dominanceAssociated PressObamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about itYahoo FinanceThe Navy's newest, most sophisticated aircraft carrier doesn't have urinalsBusiness InsiderThe $180 million conflict that kept Scaramucci out of the White House in January has only gotten shadierBusiness InsiderChina is crushing American tech titansYahoo Finance VideoMcDonald's, GM, and Domino's — What you need to know in markets on TuesdayYahoo FinanceHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderUnder Armour ripped up Jordan Spieth's old contract before he won his first major and gave him a 10-year deal, and it's already paid off big timeBusiness InsiderEPA head Pruitt spent $12,000 of taxpayer money traveling home this spring — but has yet to visit any of his regional officesBusiness InsiderGoogle's forward guidance trumps earnings any day: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoFix My Finances: I borrowed from my 401(k)Yahoo FinanceSome of the most powerful people in the US are talking about a massive change to healthcareBusiness InsiderDemocrats roll out another feeble economic planYahoo FinanceAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemYahoo FinanceSaudi Arabia is cutting oil exports out of desperation: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks rangebound ahead of big earningsYahoo FinanceBlame Women? Texas Congressman Singles Out Female Senators as Reason Health Care Bill FailedKev: When I saw the guy's picture guess whether I was surprised to find he's another fat-joweled Southern moron...Join the Conversation1 / 543








 



Progress Announces Appointment of Kurt J. Abkemeier as Chief Financial Officer | Business Wire
























































Progress Announces Appointment of Kurt J. Abkemeier as Chief 
      Financial Officer






September 28, 2016 04:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time



BEDFORD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Progress (NASDAQ: PRGS) today announced the appointment of Kurt J. 
      Abkemeier as its new chief financial officer. As CFO, Abkemeier will 
      oversee the company’s global finance and accounting operations and be a 
      member of the company's executive leadership team, reporting to Phil 
      Pead, president and chief executive officer. Abkemeier succeeds Chris E. 
      Perkins, who informed the company in March 2016 that he would retire as 
      CFO upon the appointment of his successor. Abkemeier begins as CFO at 
      Progress on September 28, 2016.
    


      “We are delighted with the appointment of Kurt Abkemeier after a search 
      process that considered a very strong field of candidates,” said Pead. 
      “Kurt is an accomplished executive with significant financial and 
      operational expertise, including as a CFO, and will be an exceptional 
      addition to our team. Kurt has broad experience serving in global, 
      technology-driven companies and his depth of financial and operational 
      experience will be invaluable in helping us achieve our strategic 
      business objectives.”
    

      Pead added, "all of us at Progress thank Chris Perkins for his 
      leadership in helping to guide Progress during a period of significant 
      change at our company and we wish him well in his retirement.”
    

      Prior to joining Progress, from January 2014 to September 2016, 
      Abkemeier served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
      of Inteliquent, Inc., a leading voice and messaging interconnection 
      partner for communications service providers of all types. At 
      Inteliquent, he was responsible for its accounting and finance 
      functions, as well as the company’s strategy and corporate development 
      activities. Previously, Abkemeier served as the Vice President of 
      Finance and Treasurer of Cbeyond, Inc. from 2005 to 2012. Abkemeier has 
      also held various senior management positions within 
      telecommunications-related companies and was a senior sell-side research 
      analyst at J.P. Morgan & Co. Abkemeier holds a Bachelor of Science 
      degree in applied economics from Cornell University and is a certified 
      financial analyst.
    

      "It is a tremendous opportunity to join Progress at such an exciting 
      time,” said Abkemeier. “I’m looking forward to helping Progress succeed 
      in the next phases of its strategic transformation.”
    

Progress Software Corporation


Progress (NASDAQ: PRGS) is a global 
      leader in application development, empowering the digital transformation 
      organizations need to create and sustain engaging user experiences in 
      today's evolving marketplace. With offerings spanning web, mobile and 
      data for on-premise and cloud environments, Progress powers startups and 
      industry titans worldwide, promoting success one customer at a time. 
      Learn about Progress at www.progress.com or 
      1-781-280-4000.
    

      Progress is a trademark or registered trademarks of Progress Software 
      Corporation or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and 
      other countries. Any other trademarks contained herein are the property 
      of their respective owners.
    


Contacts

      ProgressProgress SoftwareInvestor Contact:Brian 
      Flanagan, +1-781-280-4817flanagan@progress.comorPress 
      Contact:Erica Burns, +1-888-365-2779 (x3135)erica.burns@progress.com




















Contacts

      ProgressProgress SoftwareInvestor Contact:Brian 
      Flanagan, +1-781-280-4817flanagan@progress.comorPress 
      Contact:Erica Burns, +1-888-365-2779 (x3135)erica.burns@progress.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Inteliquent Appoints Kurt Abkemeier as Chief Financial Officer (NASDAQ:IQNT)



























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





01.20.14



 Previous Release - Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Inteliquent Appoints Kurt Abkemeier as Chief Financial Officer

CHICAGO, Jan. 20, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Inteliquent, Inc. (Nasdaq:IQNT), a leading provider of voice services, today announced that Kurt Abkemeier has been appointed Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President effective immediately. Eric Carlson, Inteliquent's interim principal financial officer and interim principal accounting officer from August 2013 until Mr. Abkemeier's appointment, will continue to serve as Inteliquent's Controller.  


 Prior to joining Inteliquent, Mr. Abkemeier served as the Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Cbeyond, Inc. from 2005 to 2012. Prior to Cbeyond, Inc., Mr. Abkemeier was the Director of Finance and Strategic Planning at AirGate PCS, Inc., a regional wireless telecommunications service provider. Mr. Abkemeier also held various senior management positions within telecommunications-related companies and was a senior sell-side research analyst at J.P. Morgan & Co. analyzing telecommunications companies. Mr. Abkemeier holds a Bachelor of Science degree in applied economics from Cornell University.


 "We are delighted to welcome Kurt as our CFO and Executive Vice President during this important time for Inteliquent," said Ed Evans, Chief Executive Officer of Inteliquent. "Today's competitive market requires a CFO with a superior understanding of the telecommunications industry, as well as the seasoned financial and strategic planning experience that makes Kurt particularly well suited to join our team. The entire Board of Directors also thanks Eric Carlson for his outstanding contributions and steady leadership during his tenure as interim principal financial officer and interim principal accounting officer and we look forward to his continued service as our Controller."


 "The management team at Inteliquent has built a great business over the last decade, and I am excited to be joining such an accomplished team for the next decade," adds Mr. Abkemeier. "I am committed to help Inteliquent evaluate and execute on its strategy as its business continues to evolve, and to build value for its customers, employees and investors."

About Inteliquent

Inteliquent is a leading provider of wholesale voice services for carriers and service providers. Inteliquent is used by nearly all national and regional wireless carriers, cable companies and CLECs in the markets it serves, and its network carries approximately ten billion minutes of traffic per month. Please visit Inteliquent's website at www.inteliquent.com and follow us on Twitter @Inteliquent.
CONTACT: Media Contact:

         Tabitha Long

         1-312-384-8018






Source: Inteliquent

News Provided by Acquire Media








 







Kurt Abkemeier(86330) Profile at BP














































User Login



Login using the services:









or


















Remember Password




Forgot Password












If you are not a member yet then please register :   Register 



































Forgot Password?
























 


Forgot Password?

Your login information has been sent to your registered email address.












Enter your code received in SMS


Your registration via SMS successfully confirmed.















Enter your code received in SMS

Please еnter your SMS code:







 





















							Kurt's Profile						














































Invite Your Friends to use BusinessPartners



Who are you sending your invitation to? :





Please enter their email:

























Invite Your Friends to use BusinessPartners


Your invitation has been sent.




Close























Send Your Profile Via Email



Who are you sending your profile to?





Please enter their email:





Comments

































To Unlock All Profiles, Please Upgrade Your Account.
Network Now





















Request a Professional Reference  

 




Who are you requesting a professional reference from?






Please enter their email:
											









													Or choose from your BusinessPartners Network
											




Select Partner
Select One 





Comments










Send Request

Cancel




























Close











Enter Password




OR





Kurt  Abkemeier has protected his document sharing documents. 
                Would you still like to see his protected documents. Please send request below.











Request a Professional Reference  





How do you know this person?




Please Select
Business Partner
Colleague
School
Friend





Comments







 


















































Send a Message





















 Attact File
















Send
Save
Delete













1Basic Info
2Business Info
3Financial Info
4Personality Info













In Order to View, Complete Your Profile Completed Profiles Unlock All Functions.
Complete Profile


In order to View Full Video Please Upgrade Your Account.
Upgrade Account



















Kurt
Video Profile

I am a Business Owner / Entrepreneur
( I am looking for a Business Partner ) 		
		




Send Partner Request




Back To Profile











Video Conference Room Request
 

  Kurt Abkemeier is not available to join your video Conference.

 




















Send Kurt Abkemeier a Video Conference Room Request?


Kurt Abkemeier will have to confirm your request.













Send KurtAbkemeier a Partner Request


Kurt Abkemeier will have to confirm to your request



 











 Business Dashboard
 Files
Partners 




User has no video





User has no files to show




User has no partners











 


ENTREPRENEURS + INVESTORS
 ONLINE 
							1,167,800							 Jul 24, 2017



 Find a different Kurt Abkemeier








Example : Kurt





Kurt Drake


United States







Kurt Neergheen

												Business Owner
Mauritius







Kurt Rihs

												Managing Director
Australia







Kurt Abkemeier










Kurt Alan









Advertise With Us

﻿

 

 










 




