






AHBI | ASSET MANAGEMENT


































 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 








WELCOME TO
Abner Herrman & Brock

Managing customized separate account portfolios of Large Capitalization stocks and Investment-Grade bonds since 1981.
 
 



 
 
 



 



WHO WE SERVE
 
 
 

Financial Advisors We work with financial advisors to provide investment solutions to help achieve their clients investment objectives. Our investment strategies are available as separately managed accounts in many wrap platforms at broker dealers, banks and registered investment advisory firms across the United States.
 
Individuals & Families We provide custom solutions for individuals and families. You will have access to our experienced investment professionals who will structure your portfolio to match your unique investment objectives. Our professionals will help you create a portfolio of stocks and bonds designed to meet your long-term after-tax investment objectives.
 
Non-Profit Organizations & Corporations We provide personalized solutions to small and mid-sized organizations. We custom manage equity, bond and balanced portfolios with a strong emphasis on preservation of capital and focus your investment in large-cap value and growth companies and investment-grade bonds.
 
 




Individuals & Families
We provide custom solutions for individuals and families. You will have access to our experienced investment professionals who will structure your portfolio to match your unique investment objectives. 

 
LEARN MORE

 



Non-Profit Organizations & Corporations
We provide personalized solutions to small and mid-sized organizations. We custom manage equity, bond and balanced portfolios with a strong emphasis on preservation of capital and focus your investment in large-cap value and growth companies and investment-grade bonds.
 
LEARN MORE

 



Financial Advisors
We work with financial advisors to provide investment solutions to help achieve their clients investment objectives.  Our investment strategies are available as seperately managed accounts in many wrap platforms at broker dealers, banks and registered investment advisory firms across the United States.
 
LEARN MORE

 
 
 



INVESTMENT TEAM
 
 
 

 Howard Abner, Chairman, has more than 45 years of experience in the investment management industry. He is a member of the Investment Policy Committee and is active in both research and portfolio management at AHBI.

Howard J. Abner, CFA
Chairman
Cornell University, MBA
Finance University of Bridgeport, BA
 
 
 Caryn Zweig, Chief Operating Officer, joined the firm in 1991 as a member of Abner, Herrman & Brock's Investment Policy Committee. Caryn has more than 20 years of experience in managing equity and fixed income portfolios.

Caryn J. Zweig
Chief Operating Officer
Columbia Business School, MBA
Cornell University, BS Business Management
 
 
 Kevin Strauss, President, joined the firm in 2002 as a member of Abner, Herrman & Brock's Investment Policy Committee. Kevin has more than 20 years of experience in managing equity and fixed income portfolios.

Kevin E. Strauss, CFA
President
Cornell University, MBA Finance
Cornell University, BS Business Management
 
 
 Bryan DiDonato, Senior Vice President, is a Fixed Income Portfolio Manager and member of AHBI's Investment Policy Committee. Bryan directs AHBI's municipal credit research efforts and is responsible for overseeing the team that evaluates municipalities and issue structures.

Bryan DiDonato, CFA
Senior Vice President
Cornell University, BS
Applied Economics and Management
 
 
 Joshua Kuckley, Assistant Vice President, Investment Analyst, joined the firm in 2011. As an Investment Analyst and member of AHB’s Investment Policy Committee, Joshua coordinates the AHB equity research analysis

Joshua Kuckley, CFA
Investment Analyst
Assistant Vice President
Washington and Lee University, BS, Business Management
 
 
 





Howard J. Abner, CFA
Chairman
Cornell University, MBA
Finance University of Bridgeport, BA

Howard Abner, Chairman, has more than 45 years of experience in the investment management industry. He is a member of the Investment Policy Committee and is active in both research and portfolio management at AHBI.
 
 




Caryn J. Zweig
Chief Operating Officer
Columbia Business School, MBA
Cornell University, BS Business Management
Caryn Zweig, Chief Operating Officer, joined the firm in 1991 as a member of Abner, Herrman & Brock’s Investment Policy Committee. Caryn has more than 20 years of experience in managing equity and fixed income portfolios.
 
 




Kevin E. Strauss, CFA
President
Cornell University, MBA Finance
Cornell University, BS Business Management
Kevin Strauss, President, joined the firm in 2002 as a member of Abner, Herrman & Brock’s Investment Policy Committee. Kevin has more than 20 years of experience in managing equity and fixed income portfolios.
 
 




Bryan DiDonato, CFA
Senior Vice President
Cornell University, BS
Applied Economics and Management

Bryan DiDonato, Senior Vice President, is a Fixed Income Portfolio Manager and member of AHBI’s Investment Policy Committee. Bryan directs AHBI’s municipal credit research efforts and is responsible for overseeing the team that evaluates municipalities and issue structures.
 
 




Joshua Kuckly, CFA
Investment Analyst
Assistant Vice President
Washington and Lee University, B.S., Business Management
Joshua Kuckley, Assistant Vice President, Investment Analyst, joined the firm in 2011. As an Investment Analyst and member of AHB’s Investment Policy Committee, Joshua coordinates the AHB equity research analysis
 
 
 
 



Customized separately managed accounts available in four investment strategies.
 
 
 

Large Cap Core Equity 
 
Custom Balanced 
 
INVESTMENT-GRADE MUNICIPAL BOND 
 
INVESTMENT-GRADE TAXABLE BOND 
 
 




Large Cap Core Equity
 
Learn More

 
 



Custom Balanced
 
Learn More

 
 



Municipal Bond
 
Learn More

 
 



Taxable Bond
 
Learn More

 
 
 
 



AHBI IN THE NEWS
 
 

QUARTERLY REVIEWS
 
 

COMMENTARIES
 
 
 


AHBI IN THE NEWS
 


Top Guns Manager of the Decade
Abner, Herrman & Brock’s Custom Balanced strategy was recently selected as one of PSN’s Top Guns of the Decade for U.S. Balanced Managers.  Out of the 10 managers chosen for this current ranking, AHBI had the lowest standard deviation.
READ FULL ARTICLE >
 
QUARTERLY REVIEWS
 
 



Climbing a “Wall of Worry”
The outlook for the both the U.S. economy and the equity markets appear to be divided into two groups.
One group believes that the US economy will continue to grow at a moderate rate of 2%. This forecast is the generally accepted view of most…
READ FULL ARTICLE >
 
COMMENTARIES
 
 



The Fiduciary Rule
The DOL’s Fiduciary Rule will become effective on June 9, 2017. AHB has solutions to help Advisors adjust to the change.
READ FULL ARTICLE>
 
 
 
 



STAY CONNECTED
 
 
 







First Name



Last Name



Email Address


Subscribe



 
 
 


 
 



STAY CONNECTED




First Name



Last Name



Email Address


Subscribe



 
 
 



Please remember that in order to invest you must first read and understand the Form ADV Part 2A and our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck
























DIRECTIONS | AHBI


































 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 








DIRECTIONS
 
 
 
 






Where we are

 
 
Harborside 5 185 Hudson St Suite #1640, Jersey City, NJ 07311, USA
 
 




Email Address

 
 
contactus@ahbi.com
 
 




PHONE NUMBER

 
 
P: 201-484-2000
F: 201-435-4603
 
 
 
 



Headquarters
 


 



Car
 
Using GPS to parking garage in building
Enter “168 Greene Street, Jersey City NJ 07311”. This is an approximation of the entrance to the parking garage and not an actual address. Entrance to parking garage is found on the corner of Pearl Street and Greene Street. Upon entering the parking elevator, proceed to 1st floor to get to main lobby.
Using GPS to front entrance
Enter 185 Hudson Street, Jersey City NJ 07311*
*Note that no street parking is allowed, and if you need parking you should use the “Using GPS to Parking Garage” directions listed above instead.
From the New Jersey Turnpike (North or South)
Take the Turnpike extension marked Holland Tunnel (Route 78 East) Exit 14A, 14B & 14C to Exit 14C. After the Exit 14C toll booth, proceed approximately 1/4 mile to the second exit and take the Columbus Drive exit ramp and go through the first light (Montgomery Street); then bear right onto Christopher Columbus Drive, and follow approximately 1 1/2 miles and turn left onto Greene Street. Harborside Financial Center Plaza 5 is located at the corner of Pearl Street and Greene Street. Parking is available in our building. Upon entering the parking elevator, proceed to 1st floor to get to main lobby.
From the Holland Tunnel
Immediately upon exiting, make the 1st left onto Luis Marin Blvd. Travel approximately one mile south to the 6th traffic light. Make a left onto Christopher Columbus Drive; go four blocks east and turn left onto Greene Street. Harborside Financial Center Plaza 5 is located at the corner of Pearl and Greene Street. Parking is available in our building. Upon entering the parking elevator, proceed to 1st floor to get to main lobby.
From the Lincoln Tunnel
Immediately upon exiting, bear to the extreme right through the underpass marked “Local Traffic”. Proceed to 14th Street and turn right over the viaduct to the 1st light. Make a left onto Paterson Plank Road then make a left onto Observer Highway. Turn left and then make 1st right onto Grove Street (Manila Avenue). Proceed approximately 1 1/2 miles and turn left onto Christopher Columbus Drive; go four blocks east and turn left onto Greene Street. Harborside Financial Center Plaza 5 is located at the corner of Pearl and Greene Street. Parking is available in our building. Upon entering the parking elevator, proceed to 1st floor to get to main lobby.
 
 
 
 



PATH
 
From World Trade Center
Take either the train marked Hoboken or marked Newark one stop to Exchange Place. (Travel time ~ 4 minutes) Upon exiting, walk along Christopher Columbus Drive for one block Harborside Financial Center Plaza 1 is on your right) and make a right at the corner heading north. Walk to Light Rail Pedestrian crossing, cross the Light Rail tracks and the entrance to Plaza 5 is straight ahead.
From 33rd Street
Take the train marked Journal Square. At the Pavonia/Newport station, transfer on the same track to train bound for Exchange Place, and exit the next stop at the Exchange Place station. (Travel time – 15 minutes) Upon exiting, walk along Christopher Columbus Drive for one block (Harborside Financial Center Plaza 1 is on your right) and make a right at the corner heading north. Walk to Light Rail Pedestrian crossing, cross the Light Rail tracks and the entrance to Plaza 5 is straight ahead.
From The Hoboken
Take the train marked World Trade Center, and exit at the Exchange Place station. (Travel time – 9 minutes) Upon exiting, walk along Christopher Columbus Drive for one block (Harborside Financial Center Plaza 1 is on your right) and make a right at the corner heading north. Walk to Light Rail Pedestrian crossing, cross the Light Rail tracks and the entrance to Plaza 5 is straight ahead.
 
 
 
 



HUDSON BERGEN LIGHT RAIL
 
From Bayonne / Jersey City
If traveling from Bayonne or Jersey City via the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail, take the train towards Hoboken or North Bergen (Tonnelle Avenue), and get off at the Harborside Financial Center station in Jersey City. Plaza 5 is located directly across the street.
From Hoboken / North Bergen
If traveling from North Bergen or Hoboken via the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail, take the train towards West Side Avenue or Bayonne (22nd Street), and get off at the Harborside Financial Center station in Jersey City. Plaza 5 is located directly across the street.
 
 
 
 



FERRY
 
New York Water Taxi
New York Water Taxi provides weekday ferry service from Pier 11 (Wall Street) to Jersey City (Colgate). Upon exiting the ferry, walk north along the waterfront for three blocks and turn left ontoChristopher Columbus Drive (the Exchange Place PATH Station will be in front of you) and walk one block and turn right heading north. Cross the Light Rail pedestrian crossing and the entrance to Plaza 5 will be straight ahead.
New York Waterway
New York Waterway provides weekday ferry service from West 38th Street or World Financial Center (WFC) to Jersey City (Colgate). Upon exiting the ferry, walk north along the waterfront for three blocks and turn left onto Christopher Columbus Drive (the Exchange Place PATH Station will be in front of you) and walk one block and turn right heading north. Cross the Light Rail pedestrian crossing and the entrance to Plaza 5 will be straight ahead.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck






















Custom Balanced | AHBI


































 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 








CUSTOM BALANCED
 
 
 
 



Custom Balanced Portfolios are structured to provide above average, long-term, risk-adjusted rates of return, while at the same time placing a strong emphasis on the preservation of capital. The asset allocation between stocks and bonds is tailored to your unique risk profile and income requirements. We utilize taxable or municipal bonds depending on the type of portfolio and your specific tax bracket.
 
 
 
 







 
 
 

PHILOSOPHY
 
As a disciplined portfolio manager, we invest in large capitalization growth and value companies and investment grade bonds to provide you with an investment experience of above average annualized rates of return, low volatility and steady current income. Our methodology offers a focus on the impact of major trends that affect the fundamentals of economic sectors and industries. The individual company analysis is then conducted to identify a collection of attractive investment candidates that meet our well-established risk/reward criteria.
 
 
 
 







 
 
 

INVESTMENT PROCESS
 
Custom Balanced Portfolios are invested in large capitalization growth and value companies in economic sectors with high growth potential. Our investment process is executed by the Investment Policy Committee (IPC) which is comprised of highly experienced professionals with decades of accumulated wisdom.
Portfolios are structured with a top-down economic outlook and an evaluation of each economic sector’s growth prospects. We strive to understand the way things work in the world. We integrate economic, political, demographic and generational trends, proliferation of new technologies and globalization as part of our investment decision making process. The IPC conducts a bottom-up company analysis to select appropriate investments that meet our well established risk/reward criteria. To control risk and reduce volatility, we adhere to a discipline that diversifies our investments across economic sectors and in companies that we expect to have high growth potential.
 
 
 
 







 
 
 

STOCK selection
 
After we formulate an economic outlook, we begin our stock selection process. This process begins with an extensive quantitative analysis of our universe of established high-quality growth and value companies with capital appreciation potential and high relative market liquidity. This analysis provides a collection of attractive investment candidates from which we conduct a detailed study of each company’s fundamentals. These companies may be in a position to benefit from proprietary products and services, or in the process of positive change in structure, management, new product introductions or technological advancements.
 
 
 
 







 
 
 

BOND selection
 
Taxable Bonds: 
We focus on high-quality, intermediate maturity investment-grade corporate bonds exhibiting high relative market liquidity as well as U.S. Treasury and government agency bonds. Our quantitative credit spread analysis enhances our fundamental analysis of each corporation’s underlying business. In addition, we provide our clients access to a broad selection of bonds through our position in the institutional bond marketplace.
 
 
 

 

Municipal Bonds:
We focus on high quality, investment-grade municipal bonds, exhibiting high relative market liquidity coupled with attractive relative income based on the yield curve and bond spreads. Bond holdings are selected by state and further diversified by city, municipality and maturity. Our quantitative credit spread analysis enhances our fundamental analysis of each municipality’s unique characteristics. In addition, we provide our clients access to a broad selection of bonds through our position in the institutional bond marketplace.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck





















Bryan DiDonato | AHBI


































 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 















 



Bryan DiDonato
 


Senior Vice President
Cornell University, B.SApplied Economics and Management 
Bryan DiDonato, Senior Vice President, is a Fixed Income Portfolio Manager and member of AHB’s Investment Policy Committee. Bryan directs AHB’s municipal credit research efforts and is responsible for overseeing the team that evaluates municipalities and issue structures. In addition, he leads the weekly fixed income meetings with AHB’s team to help determine interest rate strategies, yield curve positioning and security selection. He has extensive experience maintaining AHB’s sell-side trading relationships and dealing with bond dealers across the country. Bryan joined AHB as a credit analyst in 2005, and has more than 11 years of investment experience. He is a CFA charterholder, a member of the National Federation of Municipal Analysts and is a licensed Municipal Securities Principal (Series 53).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck





















FAQS | AHBI


































 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 








FAQS
 
 
 
 



Can’t find what you’re looking for? If you have further questions, please visit our contact page and we will be happy to assist or call 201.484.2000 for more information
 
 
 
 




How does a personalized investment solution help to achieve my investment goals?

In today’s complex world of investing, it is a daunting challenge to understand the abundance of investment options available to you. At AHB, our Senior Portfolio Managers work with you to structure a tax-efficient investment solution to achieve your unique investment objectives. We do not use funds or packaged products; instead, we build a portfolio of stocks and bonds that you own directly. Personalized investment solutions provide clients with a tax-efficient approach with historically less risk and the potential to achieve above average rates of return.
 
 
What is an Investment Policy Committee (IPC)?

A team of investment professionals that provides high-level, strategic guidance on investments with strict adherence to the firm’s investment philosophy and process. The committee identifies areas of investment opportunity and risk created by current market and economic conditions. The IPC is responsible for establishing and amending the firm’s investment recommendations, which serves as the starting point for individual client portfolios. It is then altered to meet each client’s needs based on age, income, risk tolerance and a host of other factors.
 
 
 What is a top-down investment approach?

An investment approach that involves looking at the global economy and financial markets and then separating those components into finer details. An investor may use different criteria when deciding to employ the top-down approach. For example, an investor may consider such factors as geography, sector trends and size. After looking at global economic conditions, different sectors are analyzed in order to select those that are forecasted to outperform. From this point, stocks of specific companies are further analyzed to find those that offer the best risk/reward opportunities.
 
 
When is a custom balanced approach appropriate?

At AHB, we work with you and your fiduciaries to understand your unique risk tolerance and income requirements. Together we determine an asset allocation between stock and bonds that will meet your investment objectives. As changes in your life impact your investment objectives, we help shift your asset allocation to adjust to your changing needs.
 
 
Why should I consider investing in Taxable Bonds?

Investing in bonds provides an investment portfolio with income generation and preservation of principal. Investors seeking to have less volatility in their portfolios tend to allocate a portion of their assets to bonds. Taxable bonds are appropriate for retirement accounts, accounts for non-profit organizations and for individuals who are in lower federal income tax brackets. Investment-grade taxable bonds typically consist of U.S. Treasury Bonds, Government Agency Bonds and Investment-Grade Corporate Bonds.
 
 
When should I choose municipal bonds for my portfolio?

By investing in municipal bonds, you may be able to achieve significant advantages over other fixed income securities, particularly if you are in a higher tax bracket. When you own a municipal bond, your interest payments will be free from federal taxes, and in many cases, exempt from state and local taxes. The tax advantages of municipal bonds may be so great that you would have to earn a considerably higher interest rate on taxable bonds -such as corporate bonds – to get the same after-tax return. Investment grade municipal bonds are among the most secure investments that you can own. In addition to tax-free income and preservation of principal, municipal bonds can also reduce the overall risk in a diversified portfolio
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck





















404 Not Found | AHBI






























 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 








No Results Found
The page you requested could not be found. Try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.

  
 



Search for:



   Recent Posts 

Test Post #3


Test Post #2


Test Post #1


WordPress Resources at SiteGround


  Recent CommentsA WordPress Commenter on WordPress Resources at SiteGround Archives 
March 2017
February 2017

 Categories 
Uncategorized


 Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck





















Investment Services | AHBI


































 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 









INVESTMENT STRATEGIES


 
 
 



Customized separately managed accounts available in the following four strategies:
 
 
 
 





Large Cap Core Equity
 
Learn More

 
 



Custom Balanced
 
Learn More

 
 



Municipal Bond
 
Learn More

 
 



Taxable Bond
 
Learn More

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck





















About Us | AHBI


































 















201-484-2000
info@ahbi.com



LinkedIn


  





LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 









ABOUT US


 
 
 



Founded in 1981, we are an independent asset management firm owned and managed by highly experienced investment professionals. We provide personalized investment solutions and adhere to a team-based decision making process. At AHB, you will have access to senior portfolio managers who provide custom solutions and have a vested interest in the success of your investment portfolio.
 
 
 
 



We at Abner, Herrman & Brock (AHB) take pride in our accumulated wisdom attained over decades of astute investing. Our comprehensive market knowledge and steadfast discipline enable us to provide solutions that achieve your investment objectives.
 
 
 
 



In today’s complex world of investing, it is a daunting challenge to understand the abundance of investment options available to you. At AHB, our Senior Portfolio Managers work with you to structure a tax-efficient investment solution to achieve your unique investment objectives. We do not use funds or packaged products; instead, we build a portfolio of stocks and bonds that you own directly. Personalized investment solutions provide clients with a tax-efficient approach with historically less risk and the potential to achieve above average rates of return. 
 
 
 
 



INVESTMENT PROCESS
 
Our investment process is executed by the Investment Policy Committee (IPC), comprised of highly experienced professionals with decades of accumulated wisdom. The IPC follows a team based approach which applies our investment discipline.
Our investment process manages risk as we collectively think, plan and execute for consistent long–term returns. We protect your investments against market fluctuations to provide you above average absolute returns. Our approach is highly personalized and tailored to suit your specific investment objective.
 
 
 


WHAT IS AN INVESTMENT POLICY COMMITTEe
 
A team of investment professionals that provides high-level, strategic guidance on investments with strict adherence to the firm’s investment philosophy and process. The committee identifies areas of investment opportunity and risk created by current market and economic conditions. The IPC is responsible for establishing and amending the firm’s investment recommendations, which serves as the starting point for individual client portfolios. It is then altered to meet each client’s needs based on age, income, risk tolerance and a host of other factors. 
 
Learn More

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
© 2017 Abner Herrman & Brock LLC. All Rights Reserve  |  Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck














﻿






























Alphabet’s (NASDAQ:GOOG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Alphabet Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alphabet Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Private Capital Management Inc. Has $742,000 Stake in Visa Inc. (NYSE:V)
Arcadia Investment Management Corp MI Has $102,000 Stake in Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)
Alphabet’s (NASDAQ:GOOG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG Raises E*TRADE Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:ETFC) Price Target to $47.00
Papa Murphy’s Holdings, Inc. (FRSH) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Citigroup Inc. Increases Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP) Price Target to $112.00
Bank of America Corporation Increases Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. (CPAC) Price Target to $11.00
Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co. (CTO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings (SPWH) & Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Head-To-Head Survey
Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) and Ardmore Shipping Corporation (ASC) Head-To-Head Survey
Analyzing WideOpenWest (WOW) and Liberty Broadband Corporation (LBRDK)
Analysts Anticipate Kinross Gold Corporation (KGC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $822.28 Million
Semiconductor  Manufacturing International Corporation (SMI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
Donald L. Hagan LLC Lowers Stake in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)
BB&T Corporation (BBT) Stake Raised by Gardner Russo & Gardner LLC
Parallel Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL)
Point72 Asset Management L.P. Sells 2,411,922 Shares of Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:WMB)
MAI Capital Management Sells 900 Shares of Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)
Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC Sells 31,428 Shares of Cummins Inc. (CMI)
Analysts Anticipate Union Bankshares Corporation (UBSH) Will Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share







Alphabet’s (NASDAQ:GOOG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities researchers at Deutsche Bank AG in a research note issued on Friday.
A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on GOOG. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $1,200.00 price objective (up from $950.00) on shares of Alphabet in a report on Sunday, May 28th. Wells Fargo & Company  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, May 29th. Morgan Stanley  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, May 29th. Instinet  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Alphabet from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $995.83 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, June 26th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued  a hold rating, thirty-nine have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $994.64.


 Get Alphabet Inc. alerts:



Alphabet (GOOG) opened at 972.92 on Friday. Alphabet has a 12-month low of $727.54 and a 12-month high of $988.25. The company has a market capitalization of $673.02 billion, a PE ratio of 32.88 and a beta of 0.94. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $948.07 and its 200 day moving average price is $874.98. 





Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $7.38 by $0.35. The firm had revenue of $24.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.18 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.84% and a return on equity of 15.16%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $7.50 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Alphabet will post $33.97 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alphabet’s (NASDAQ:GOOG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/alphabets-nasdaqgoog-buy-rating-reiterated-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. 
In other news, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $915.16, for a total value of $3,660,640.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 2,205 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,017,927.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, VP James Grier Campbell sold 366 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $902.72, for a total transaction of $330,395.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 46,268 shares of company stock worth $43,494,737. Company insiders own  13.92% of the company’s stock. 
A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GOOG. Rosenbaum Jay D. raised its stake in  Alphabet by 19.4% in the second quarter. Rosenbaum Jay D. now owns 585 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $532,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the period.  Wagner Bowman Management Corp raised its stake in  Alphabet by 7.6% in the second quarter. Wagner Bowman Management Corp now owns 875 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $795,000 after buying an additional 62 shares during the period.  Insight Capital Research & Management Inc. acquired a new stake in  Alphabet during the second quarter worth about $2,048,000.  Benson Investment Management Company Inc. raised its stake in  Alphabet by 1.6% in the second quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 3,257 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $2,960,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the period.  Finally, Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC acquired a new stake in  Alphabet during the second quarter worth about $335,000. Institutional investors own  34.59% of the company’s stock. 
Alphabet Company Profile
Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.







Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































Abner Herrman & Brock LLC Has $659000 Position in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC)





























giftedviz.com July 24, 2017

































Main


Money


Life&Culture


Technology


Sci-tech


Sport


Global


Health Care


National












TOP


NY uses the crumbling MTA like a 'piggy bank': de Blasio
Victory for 'Dunkirk' and 'Girls Trip' at box office
Kerala police arrest production executive for blackmailing actress Mythili
Srinivasan, Niranjan Shah can not attend BCCI meetings
Trump Jr., Manafort May be Interviewed Privately by Senators




 

 


Abner Herrman & Brock LLC Has $659000 Position in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC)






13 July 2017, 03:41 | Darnell Patrick




The hedge fund run by Nathaniel August held 8.44 million shares of the central company at the end of 2016Q4, valued at $21.10M, up from 7.86M at the end of the previous reported quarter. Yahoo Inc now has $50.83B valuation.Kate Spade & Company (NYSE:KATE)'s stock on Tuesday traded at beginning with a price of $18.50 and when day-trade ended the stock finally remains unchanged to reach at $18.49. About 25.26M shares traded or 16.03% up from the average. MGIC Investment Corp. (NYSE:MTG) has risen 60.12% since July 11, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 69.67% the S&P500.CA increased its position in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 33.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. First Fiduciary Investment Counsel Inc acquired 43,972 shares as Intel Corp (INTC)'s stock declined 2.96%.Sanders Capital Llc, which manages about $15.69 billion and $14.50 billion US Long portfolio, decreased its stake in Vanguard Intl Equity Index F (VEU) by 174,348 shares to 263,036 shares, valued at $12.26 million in 2016Q4, according to the filing.Intel Corp (NASDAQ:INTC) now has a trailing P/E of 14.83 while its forward P/E according to Thomson Reuters is 11.53.The company is trading up by 0.80% since yesterday's close of $33.65. About 15.51 million shares traded. It has outperformed by 2.77% the S&P500.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.93 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.06, from 0.99 in 2016Q3. Six research experts recommended the company shares with a sell recommendation, fourteen has issued a hold recommendation, twenty-five has issued a buy recommendation and 1 have issued a strong buy recommendation to the share. the share now has a average recommendation of "Hold" and a consensus price objective of $40.01. 59 funds opened positions while 139 raised stakes. For the quarter, shares have been noted at -5.25%. (NASDAQ:QCRH). Blackrock Fund Advisors reported 0% in QCR Holdings, Inc. 95,731 were accumulated by Covington Invest Advsr Inc. Permit Cap Ltd Limited Liability Company has 3.2% invested in MGIC Investment Corp. Pictet Asset Limited reported 0.21% of its portfolio in Altaba Inc (NASDAQ:AABA). Pacad Inv invested 0.36% of its portfolio in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL). Curbstone Financial Mgmt Corp stated it has 45,755 shares or 1.05% of all its holdings. Strategic Limited Liability Corp holds 0.63% or 33,079 shares in its portfolio. The SI to Gigamedia Limited Ord's float is 0.06%. Moreover, Wells Fargo & Mn has 0% invested in QCR Holdings, Inc. Meiji Yasuda Asset Mgmt holds 185,191 shares or 0.75% of its portfolio. 295,665 are owned by California Employees Retirement. Pennsylvania-based Godshalk Welsh Cap Management has invested 1.2% in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL).
Tamim Iqbal reveals reason for early Essex exit
					However, Iqbal said on his Facebook page the reports were "really not true" and said his departure was for "personal reasons". The left-handed batsman is the highest run-getter for Bangladesh and has notched up a total of over 10000 global runs.
					
TRS MLA misbehaves with woman collector, draws CM's ire
					Visuals show Naik pulling the shoulder of Preeti Meena during the tree plantation as part of Haritha Haaram programme. The woman officer felt offended by the legislator's behaviour and was seen struggling out from his grip.
					
Amazon's Prime Day Sale Proves to Be Its Biggest Shopping Day Ever
					The tech giant has reported that the Echo devices sold seven times more devices globally than on Prime Day 2016. On the fashion side, Amazon said more than 200,000 women's dresses were purchased by customers in the U.S.
					INTC's fiscal year ends Dec 31, 2016 and the most recent quarter started on April 1, 2017. Analyst's mean target price for INTC is $39.79 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.50. (NASDAQ:YHOO), 16 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 16 Hold. Therefore 71% are positive. FBR Capital maintained MGIC Investment Corp. The firm earned "Buy" rating on Saturday, August 29 by Needham. Hilliard Lyons initiated coverage on Intel Corporation in a report on Wednesday. Jefferies downgraded Altaba Inc (NASDAQ:AABA) on Friday, October 21 to "Hold" rating. The firm has "Neutral" rating by Goldman Sachs given on Wednesday, February 3. The stock of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) earned "Buy" rating by Canaccord Genuity on Tuesday, September 20. Bank of America Corporation cut Intel Corporation from a "buy" rating to a "neutral" rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from $42.00 to $38.00 in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. INTC's profit would be $3.18 billion giving it 12.48 P/E if the $0.68 EPS is correct. State Of Alaska Department Of Revenue reported 378,800 shares or 1.28% of all its holdings. Therefore 80% are positive. The company was maintained on Friday, November 20 by Topeka Capital Markets. Zacks Investment Research raised Intel Corporation from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating and set a $40.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock has "Buy" rating by UBS on Monday, January 18. Cowen & Co maintained the shares of INTC in report on Thursday, October 22 with "Market Perform" rating. On Friday, September 25 the stock rating was upgraded by JMP Securities to "Mkt Perform". The company was maintained on Thursday, October 8 by Northland Capital.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.96 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.14, from 0.73 in 2016Q3.Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of INTC. Share performance for the month is now at -5.01%. $403,638 worth of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) was sold by PLUMMER JAMES D. Shares for $2.84 million were sold by BRYANT ANDY D.Do investors think to respond accordingly to new analyst's rating and change a position based on the analyst's rating opinion without any further research? Thomas Story And Son Lc has invested 6.08% of its portfolio in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). The company was downgraded on Wednesday, June 1 by M Partners. Arvest Financial Bank Tru Division stated it has 442,501 shares.Revenue per share is 12.79. Deutsche Bank & Trust Ag invested in 0.41% or 14.05 million shares. Coldstream Cap Management invested in 1.15% or 195,334 shares. Sheets Smith Wealth Management invested in 18,559 shares or 0.19% of the stock. Trillium Asset Mngmt Ltd Liability Co invested in 0.03% or 14,245 shares.Since January 20, 2017, it had 1 buy, and 12 insider sales for $12.80 million activity.In other Intel Corporation news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,173 shares of the company's stock in a transaction on Monday, July 3rd. The fund owned 57,369 shares of the chip maker's stock after selling 490 shares during the period. The insider Bryant Diane M sold $2.03M.








Other News

Parents fight to keep baby alive in United Kingdom  legal battle

Asian Shares Rise On Dovish Fed

Arab States' Isolation of Qatar Causing Human Rights Abuses: HRW

Why did Cardinals coach Bruce Arians drink paint as a kid?

Title: GBP CAD Spike Temporary As BoC Hikes Interest Rates

What it means to be in first at the All-Star break

Four policemen killed in southwest Pakistan

Thabo Sefolosha agrees to 2-year, $10.5 million deal with Jazz

Asus ZenFone AR finally lands in India

Tourist killed by jet blast at notorious Caribbean airport

Gigi Hadid rocks pixie cut in Stuart Weitzman campaign

Nemtsov's murderer sentenced to 20 years in penal colony

The Tesla Inc. (TSLA) Shares Bought by Evanson Asset Management LLC

Kanchanmala Pande case: Sports ministry blames Paralympic Committee of India, seeks report

Motorola all but confirms Moto Z2 Force in a new teaser












 

Trending Now




Yannick Bolasie Receives Incredible Welcome From Fans In Tanzania

Ronald Koeman selected a 25-man squad that left Liverpool for Dar Es Salaam on Tuesday night, but Barkley was not included.  Every child should have the opportunity to learn and have a better future.

UK PM May shed a 'little tear' over election failure

Asked whether she was a feminist, May said she was, as she believed it was "important women have equal opportunities". Ms May said that up until the exit poll she had been told that the Conservatives were on course for a good result.

Private company unveils space vehicles to land on the moon

In 2019, the company plans to launch a spacecraft aimed at establishing a lunar outpost at the Moon's South Pole. The company's four "explorers" can each be configured to operate as an orbiter, lander or deep space probe.

HP Takes Back PC Crown From Lenovo in Second Quarter

The figures for Q2 show that 61.1 million PCs were shipped globally, which is down 4.3% on the same quarter past year . A Lenovo spokesman said its PC business continues to deliver healthy profits and stable market share.

Kate Middleton Honours Princess Diana By Wearing Her Favourite Tiara

She matched her outfit with a red clutch and sported a blue and white striped sash which hung loosely around her waist.  The Queen of Spain stunned in a figure-hugging embroidered gown, complete with a bold royal tiara on her head.

Google spends millions on academic research to influence opinion, says watchdog

Google is said to promote the research papers to government officials. "And those backers won't 'fess up either", wrote Miller. The remainder worked for, or were affiliated with, groups or institutions that were funded by Google.

Kim Kardashian Proves White Lines Aren't Cocaine in New Video

After realising what it was, she tweeted: "OMG you guys!" Kim then laughed it off when she realised it was just a marble table . Kim Kardashian took to Twitter to explain that the dress merely resembles a corset, but isn't one.

Wine Meant to Toast John Adams's Presidency Was Just Discovered

NJ.com reports the museum also found 42 demijohns - large glass jugs sometimes used for holding spirits - dating to the 1820s. The estate changed ownership in 1811 to the Kean family and eventually became the 50-room mansion that stands today.

Brokerages Anticipate Cousins Properties Incorporated (CUZ) to Post $0.15 Earnings Per Share

Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 102,307 shares in the company, valued at $867,563.36. KATE has a 1-week performance of 0.05%. 311.46 million shares or 3.82% less from 323.83 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported.

Fed sees limits to interest rate rises

The Federal Reserve chief said she expected the winding-down of the balance sheet to "play out smoothly" in the markets. Even though this decision was widely expected, the Canadian dollar gained significantly against the USA counterpart.






Dont Miss





North Korea 'poses no nuclear threat to US'






NJ Transit Details Penn Station Service Changes for Amtrak's Summer Track Work






Sri Lanka Navy rescue elephant found in the middle of the ocean






United Kingdom  declines to publish extremism report, citing security






Nemanja Matic would "fit the bill" at Manchester United - Gary Neville






Shares, bonds rally as markets count on glacial Fed






Luke Shaw impresses José Mourinho and earns chance to prove himself






Science Puts A GIF Inside Of Live Bacteria






Insider Trading at Atwood Oceanics Inc.?






Michael Bloomberg and Governor of California launch new United States  climate action plan






Senate's consumer choice idea could hike premiums






Enable Midstream Partners LP (ENBL) Analysts See $0.16 EPS






3500 migrants rescued off the coast of Libya in recent days






Nagpur: Man beaten up by locals for carrying beef






Uber stages retreat in Russian Federation  as it merges with rival Yandex























 







Contacts













© giftedviz.com | All Rights Reserved.



 


Abner, Herrman & Brock, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 9:45 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Abner, Herrman & Brock, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Abner, Herrman & Brock, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides brokerage and consulting services. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also manages trusts, municipalities, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, Corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. The firm primarily invests in growth and value stocks of large-cap companies. For its fixed income portfolios, it makes investments in U.S. treasury bonds, government agency, and investment grade corporate bonds with focus on intermediate ma...
Abner, Herrman & Brock, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides brokerage and consulting services. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also manages trusts, municipalities, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, Corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. The firm primarily invests in growth and value stocks of large-cap companies. For its fixed income portfolios, it makes investments in U.S. treasury bonds, government agency, and investment grade corporate bonds with focus on intermediate maturities. The firm invests in municipal bonds as well.  It employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with a combination of a top-down and a bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Abner, Herrman & Brock, LLC was founded in 1981 and is based in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Detailed Description


Harborside 5185 Hudson StreetSuite 1640Jersey City, NJ 07311United StatesFounded in 1981



Phone: 201-484-2000

Fax: 201-435-4603

www.ahbi.com







Key Executives for Abner, Herrman & Brock, LLC




Mr. Kevin Eric Strauss CFA


      	President
      








Ms. Caryn Jill Zweig


      	Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Matthew Flood


      	Vice President
      








Mr. Bryan DiDonato CFA


      	Senior Vice President and Fixed Income Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Jennifer A. Brundage


      	Chief Administrative Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Abner, Herrman & Brock, LLC, please visit www.ahbi.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Abner Herrman and Brock LLC






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,580  0.15%Mark EllisCandice WellsJamin McNeil






World
US















Abner Herrman & Brock  LLC

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameAbner Herrman & Brock  LLCSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 654.6 M Contact Details LocationJersey City, New JerseyAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.ahbi.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Abner-Herrman-and-Brock-LLC and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Hgk Asset Management Inc Jersey City NJ 0 Aig Sunamerica Asset Management Cor Jersey City NJ 0 Abner Herrman & Brock  LLC Jersey City NJ 0 Managed Account Advisors  LLC Jersey City NJ 0 Hudson Canyon Investment Counselors Jersey City NJ 0 Prisma Capital Partners LP Jersey City NJ 0 Arlington Hill Investment Managemen Jersey City NJ 0 Mane Fund Management  Inc. Jersey City NJ 0 W. H. Reaves & Co.  Inc. Jersey City NJ 0 Lord  Abbett & Co. LLC Jersey City NJ 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets














































Jul 14, 2017 - Abner Herrman & Brock Llc Buys FedEx Corp, Equifax Inc, Nucor Corp, Sells Wells Fargo, Bank of New York Mellon Corp, International Business Machines Corp - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 14, 2017 - Abner Herrman & Brock Llc Buys FedEx Corp, Equifax Inc, Nucor Corp, Sells Wells Fargo, Bank of New York Mellon Corp, International Business Machines Corp - GuruFocus.com Jul 14, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Abner Herrman & Brock Llc Buys FedEx Corp, Equifax Inc, Nucor Corp, Sells Wells Fargo, Bank of New York Mellon Corp, International Business Machines CorpJuly 14, 2017 |  About: 
FDX  +0%
PM  +0%
LMT  +0%
UTX  +0%
GD  +0%
EXPE  +0%
EFX  +0%
NFLX  +0%
NUE  +0%
NOC  +0%
COL  +0%
WFCPRJ  +0%



Jersey City, NJ, based Investment company Abner Herrman & Brock Llc buys FedEx Corp, Equifax Inc, Nucor Corp, Philip Morris International Inc, Netflix Inc, Northrop Grumman Corp, Lockheed Martin Corp, Rockwell Collins Inc, United Technologies Corp, General Dynamics Corp, sells Wells Fargo, Bank of New York Mellon Corp, International Business Machines Corp, MetLife Inc, US Bancorp during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Abner Herrman & Brock Llc. As of 2017-06-30, Abner Herrman & Brock Llc owns 131 stocks with a total value of $527 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: EFX, NUE, NFLX, NOC, COL, WFCPRJ, ENZ, IR, BHI, CCL, Added Positions: FDX, PM, LMT, UTX, GD, EXPE, RTN, BA, HD, FB, Reduced Positions: WFC, BK, IBM, USB, QCOM, ALL, MS, GE, PRU, BBT, Sold Out: MET, BHGE, COP, CAPP, HP, SPG, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with FDX. Click here to check it out. 
FDX 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of FDXPeter Lynch Chart of FDXFor the details of ABNER HERRMAN & BROCK LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=ABNER+HERRMAN+%26+BROCK+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of ABNER HERRMAN & BROCK LLCJPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM) - 208,192 shares, 3.61% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 3.97%Boeing Co (BA) - 88,556 shares, 3.32% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 5.06%Microsoft Corp (MSFT) - 239,966 shares, 3.14% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 1.66%Marriott International Inc (MAR) - 159,038 shares, 3.03% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 0.06%Mastercard Inc (MA) - 129,721 shares, 2.99% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 0.47%New Purchase: Equifax Inc (EFX)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc initiated holdings in  Equifax Inc.  The purchase prices were between $134.23 and $142.58, with an estimated average price of $137.25.   The stock is now traded at around $139.86. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.62%. The holdings were 23,740 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Netflix Inc (NFLX)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc initiated holdings in  Netflix Inc.  The purchase prices were between $139.76 and $165.88, with an estimated average price of $153.81.   The stock is now traded at around $159.34. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.58%. The holdings were 20,320 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Nucor Corp (NUE)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc initiated holdings in  Nucor Corp.  The purchase prices were between $54.6 and $62, with an estimated average price of $58.67.   The stock is now traded at around $60.25. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.58%. The holdings were 53,015 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Northrop Grumman Corp (NOC)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc initiated holdings in  Northrop Grumman Corp.  The purchase prices were between $236.1 and $261.27, with an estimated average price of $249.86.   The stock is now traded at around $264.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.56%. The holdings were 11,404 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Rockwell Collins Inc (COL)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc initiated holdings in  Rockwell Collins Inc.  The purchase prices were between $96.63 and $109.05, with an estimated average price of $103.45.   The stock is now traded at around $109.99. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.48%. The holdings were 24,136 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Wells Fargo & Co (WFCPRJ)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc initiated holdings in  Wells Fargo & Co.  The purchase prices were between $25.84 and $26.42, with an estimated average price of $26.15.   The stock is now traded at around $25.87. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.33%. The holdings were 66,660 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: FedEx Corp (FDX)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc added to the holdings in  FedEx Corp by 46.74%.  The purchase prices were between $183.56 and $217.15, with an estimated average price of $197.07.   The stock is now traded at around $218.78. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.65%. The holdings were 49,243 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Philip Morris International Inc (PM)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc added to the holdings in  Philip Morris International Inc by 209.79%.  The purchase prices were between $109.62 and $122.9, with an estimated average price of $115.74.   The stock is now traded at around $118.98. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.58%. The holdings were 37,968 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc added to the holdings in  Lockheed Martin Corp by 642.55%.  The purchase prices were between $266.98 and $283.65, with an estimated average price of $274.56.   The stock is now traded at around $288.17. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.53%. The holdings were 11,658 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: United Technologies Corp (UTX)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc added to the holdings in  United Technologies Corp by 31.58%.  The purchase prices were between $111.93 and $122.5, with an estimated average price of $118.86.   The stock is now traded at around $123.09. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.48%. The holdings were 86,930 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: General Dynamics Corp (GD)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc added to the holdings in  General Dynamics Corp by 580.19%.  The purchase prices were between $185.85 and $204.52, with an estimated average price of $195.7.   The stock is now traded at around $200.69. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.39%. The holdings were 12,325 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Expedia Inc (EXPE)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc added to the holdings in  Expedia Inc by 115.69%.  The purchase prices were between $124.97 and $154.43, with an estimated average price of $140.   The stock is now traded at around $154.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.27%. The holdings were 17,525 shares as of 2017-06-30. Sold Out: MetLife Inc (MET)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc sold out the holdings in  MetLife Inc.  The sale prices were between $49.81 and $55.06, with an estimated average price of $52. Sold Out: Baker Hughes, a GE Co (BHGE)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc sold out the holdings in  Baker Hughes, a GE Co.  The sale prices were between $53.37 and $61.71, with an estimated average price of $57.6. Sold Out: ConocoPhillips (COP)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc sold out the holdings in  ConocoPhillips.  The sale prices were between $43.07 and $50.15, with an estimated average price of $46.73. Sold Out: Capstone Financial Group Inc (CAPP)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc sold out the holdings in  Capstone Financial Group Inc.  The sale prices were between $2.06 and $3, with an estimated average price of $2.73. Sold Out: Helmerich & Payne Inc (HP)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc sold out the holdings in  Helmerich & Payne Inc.  The sale prices were between $50.08 and $69.08, with an estimated average price of $58.83. Sold Out: Simon Property Group Inc (SPG)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc sold out the holdings in  Simon Property Group Inc.  The sale prices were between $152.26 and $174.73, with an estimated average price of $162.97. Reduced: Wells Fargo & Co (WFC)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc reduced to the holdings in  Wells Fargo & Co by 28.89%.  The sale prices were between $51.14 and $55.78, with an estimated average price of $53.58.   The stock is now traded at around $54.61. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1.05%. Abner Herrman & Brock Llc still held 232,588 shares as of 2017-06-30. Reduced: Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK)Abner Herrman & Brock Llc reduced to the holdings in  Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 30.55%.  The sale prices were between $46.2 and $51.01, with an estimated average price of $47.77.   The stock is now traded at around $52.23. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.75%. Abner Herrman & Brock Llc still held 181,392 shares as of 2017-06-30. Here is the complete portfolio of ABNER HERRMAN & BROCK LLC. Also check out:
1. ABNER HERRMAN & BROCK LLC's Undervalued Stocks
2. ABNER HERRMAN & BROCK LLC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. ABNER HERRMAN & BROCK LLC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that ABNER HERRMAN & BROCK LLC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with FedEx Corp $FDX.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

ConnorMBetterLossPortfolioPlus10 yr ProfitabilityTaekgyun Kovalue2PortfolioPlusStrong B/S ScreenConnorMCommodityConnorMLosingExUSConnorMLosingHOLKLSUMini Group IT Healthcare MaterLuddyshooting starsPeterZmiiHK

→FDX Price Chart





$212.51 (1y: +33%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


















Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC | Wealthminder











































Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC


Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC
(CRD# 8517) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Jersey City, NJ.
They
manage $1,457,129,097 in 1,370 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 22 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC




Harborside Financial Center, Plaza 5 Suite 1640,
Jersey City,
NJ
07311
201-484-2000
http://www.ahbi.com




http://www.ahbi.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,457
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,370
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,063,598







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Commissions






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AL, CA, CT, DE, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, NC, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, RI, TN, TX, VA, WI






Financial Advisors at Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















Kevin E. Strauss



CRD#:
2365776



Harborside Financial Center, Plaza 5, Suite 1640,
Jersey City,
NJ
07311




96

Wealthminder
score








Kevin Strauss (CRD# 2365776) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC in Jersey City, NJ and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Howard J. Abner



CRD#:
353



Harborside Financial Center, Plaza 5, Suite 1640,
Jersey City,
NJ
07311




93

Wealthminder
score








Howard Abner (CRD# 353) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC in Jersey City, NJ and has 
over 25 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Matthew J. Flood



CRD#:
5405213



Harborside Financial Center, Plaza 5, Suite 1640,
Jersey City,
NJ
07311




93

Wealthminder
score








Matthew Flood (CRD# 5405213) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC in Jersey City, NJ and has 
over 7 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Caryn J. Zweig



CRD#:
1883741



Harborside Financial Center, Plaza 5, Suite 1640,
Jersey City,
NJ
07311




93

Wealthminder
score








Caryn Zweig (CRD# 1883741) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC in Jersey City, NJ and has 
over 25 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Anthony E. Birch



CRD#:
4241576



Harborside Financial Center, Plaza 5, Suite 1640,
Jersey City,
NJ
07311




58

Wealthminder
score








Anthony Birch (CRD# 4241576) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Abner Herrman & Brock, LLC in Jersey City, NJ and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














