








ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


















































HomeIntroPeopleApproachServicesPlanning Interactive PlannerResearchContact 



ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENTMatching Assets to plans in a low risk style.Read More




Intro





AN INTRODUCTION We are a boutique investment advisory firm.  We help you, whether as an individual, a foundation and or as part of a company, invest your assets.  Our approach is simple.  We study your commitments and invest according to them.  We look at when you need funds, what kind of tax impact there might be and, when there is an emergency, what options are available.  We do not subject you to the periodic fads which overtake the marketplace.  We recommend long-term effectiveness rather than short-term speculation.  Our mission and primary motivation is to help you match your assets with your commitments in a comfortable, low-risk way so that you can live better.  Our compensation structure is fee-based, in order to minimize misalignment between you and us.  Further, our compensation does not include the widely used "profit participations" as we believe that these structures are excessively expensive.  We believe that a "flat percentage of assets under management" fee is understandable, can be structured fairly and is likely to be mutually agreeable over the long run if the job is well done.  To further protect against misalignment, we commit our own personal assets to the same portfolio stocks which we purchase for you.  We believe that a good investment is a good investment, regardless of age, income or net worth.We provide this website in order to deepen your understanding of our investment process. By providing planning interactive tools, recent research on companies purchased and specific commentary, we hope to provide you the investment confidence so critical in reducing emotional reactivity.  You are an important partner in delivering superior results. Let's start your plan.










People







Joel Adam, CFAInvestment ManagerJoel graduated from Baylor University with a BBA and MBA and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.Read More Charles G. BurnsInvestment ManagerCharles graduated from Texas A&M University with a BBA in Accounting.Scott Granowski, CFAInvestment ManagerScott graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with honors and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.Read More Derek RichardsTrader - OperationsDerek graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Texas at Arlington with a BBA in Finance.Robert Stovall, CPAOperationsRobert graduated from the University of Texas with a BBA in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant.Joyce BellClient ServicesBrings 25+ years experience in office administration, customer service and accounting.Margie SheltonClient ServicesBrings many years experience in office administration and customer service. 






Approach





OUR ADVISORY APPROACH  Three PrinciplesAcademy Capital Management's approach begins with several important principles.  The first principle is liquidity.  While illiquid investments, such as private placements, may yield higher returns at certain times, your portfolios are invested so that you may easily withdraw 100% of the funds in cash.  There are no "lock-up" periods and no "gated" funds nor are there illiquid investments requiring a "like kind" distribution.  The liquidity also means that the prices of portfolio investments are set by the market, not by the investment manager - as often occurs with illiquid investments. The second principle is "margin of safety."  Our focus means paying a reduced price which helps protect your capital against unforeseen risks.  This reduced price provides a "margin of safety," causing us to see greater safety and better opportunities where others are only seeing lower prices.  The volatility of markets are invaluable in our quest for a "margin of safety" and cause us to disagree with theories, such as Modern Portfolio Theory (MPT), which associate greater volatility with greater risk. The third principle is matching liabilities with assets.  You have goals with varying time horizons, ranging from short-term - such as tax payments, to intermediate - such as college funding, and long term - such as retirement funding.  As we become aware of these differences, we identify which of our investments may be appropriate for you.  The nature of your commitments determine our investment selection.   We believe these commitments or liabilities best define your asset allocation by comparing the required distribution or growth rates with the yields that various portfolio investments generate, both historically and currently. Based on these principles, we limit our investments to selecting opportunistically from money market accounts (MMA), U.S. government bonds (USG), U.S. government Treasury Inflation Protection securities (TIPS) and common stocks.  We do not invest in commodities, because our preference is to invest in an asset class that is productive and does not depend on price rise potential.  We do not invest in non-U.S. listed common stocks because we do not adequately understand foreign exchanges.  Each category of investments that we use has its respective merits.  For goals which are short-term, we recommend MMAs and USGs, whereas for intermediate and long-term goals, we recommend a combination of TIPS and common stocks.  Client CommunicationsWe communicate with you through a quarterly letter which discusses the current investing environment, our firm's investment results and our thoughts.  These quarterly letters are supplemented with telephone calls, personal meetings and this website.  By using the website, we make available to you resources that allow timely access to comprehending our process. If you have greater clarity about our investment process, it is more likely that your emotions will not become an impediment to investment success.  The internet also allows us to communicate efficiently with you while maintaining our focus on the investment process.  Get Started Here 



















Services







Financial ManagementAll of our services are directed toward managing your portfolios.Learn More 




Interactive Planner









First Step Financial PlannerFull Name   E-mail   Birth Year   Expected Longevity   All information is strictly for use by Academy Capital Management and kept confidential.  We will never distribute, sell or disseminate any client information under any circumstance. Submit









Research







CompaniesLearn MoreLettersLearn MoreResearchLearn More 



Contact








500 North Valley Mills Drive          Suite 200      Waco, TX 76710

254-751-0555
254-751-0611
 Monday - Friday 
7:00 AM to 4:00 PM






















Contact Us















 1-254-751-0555
 500 North Valley Mills Drive Suite 200 Waco, TX, United States
























﻿






























Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Lowers Position in Diageo PLC (DEO) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Diageo PLC

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Diageo PLC with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd
Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Maintains Stake in Humana Inc. (HUM)
Legato Capital Management LLC Has $988,000 Position in Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR)
Natus Medical Incorporated (NASDAQ:BABY) Stake Raised by Legato Capital Management LLC
MSCI Inc (NYSE:MSCI) Shares Bought by Sheets Smith Wealth Management
Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLCM) Downgraded by BidaskClub
International Paper (IP) versus KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (NYSE:KS) Head to Head Review
Neogen Corporation (NASDAQ:NEOG) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $98.64 Million
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect CyrusOne (NASDAQ:CONE) Stock Price
Commercial Metals (NYSE:CMC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.27
Cathay General Bancorp (NASDAQ:CATY) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Comstock Resources (NYSE:CRK) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.21
FY2017 EPS Estimates for CNO Financial Group, Inc. Lifted by Analyst (NYSE:CNO)
Loop Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL)
ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at Sanford C. Bernstein
Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Hold Rating for DHT Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:DHT)
William Blair Comments on WisdomTree Investments, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:WETF)
$320.96 Million in Sales Expected for National Instruments Corporation (NATI) This Quarter
Apollo Global Management, LLC (APO) Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share
Baystate Wealth Management LLC Increases Position in Meridian Bancorp, Inc. (EBSB)







Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Lowers Position in Diageo PLC (DEO)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Academy Capital Management Inc. TX reduced its stake in shares of  Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO) by 1.0% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 102,281 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,030 shares during the period. Diageo PLC comprises about  3.4% of Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s holdings in Diageo PLC were worth $12,256,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. State Street Corp increased its stake in  Diageo PLC by 7.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 68,811 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,151,000 after buying an additional 4,963 shares during the last quarter.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in  Diageo PLC by 4.4% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 393,778 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,929,000 after buying an additional 16,470 shares during the last quarter.  Fulton Bank N.A. increased its stake in  Diageo PLC by 2.6% in the first quarter. Fulton Bank N.A. now owns 2,262 shares of the company’s stock valued at $262,000 after buying an additional 58 shares during the last quarter.  Confluence Investment Management LLC increased its stake in  Diageo PLC by 8.1% in the first quarter. Confluence Investment Management LLC now owns 882,583 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,009,000 after buying an additional 66,120 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Catawba Capital Management VA purchased a new stake in  Diageo PLC during the first quarter valued at $512,000. 12.11% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Diageo PLC alerts:



Shares of Diageo PLC (DEO) traded down 0.66% during trading on Friday, reaching $120.65. The company had a trading volume of 335,701 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $75.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.64 and a beta of 0.74. Diageo PLC has a 52-week low of $99.46 and a 52-week high of $123.48. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $120.64 and a 200 day moving average of $116.08. 





ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/academy-capital-management-inc-tx-lowers-position-in-diageo-plc-deo.html. 
DEO has been the subject of several research reports. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) downgraded Diageo PLC from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Diageo PLC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Jefferies Group LLC  set a $120.00 target price on Diageo PLC and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. Citigroup Inc. downgraded Diageo PLC from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, May 25th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded Diageo PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, June 9th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating and nine have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $136.00.
About Diageo PLC
Diageo PLC is an alcoholic beverage company. The Company operates in various categories, including spirits and beer. Its geographic segments include North America; Europe, Russia and Turkey; Africa; Latin America and Caribbean, and Asia Pacific. Its principal products includes Scotch whisky, Gin, Vodka, Rum, Beer, Irish Cream Liqueur, Wine, Raki, Tequila, Canadian Whisky, American Whiskey, Progressive Adult Beverages, Cachaca, Brandy and Ready to Drink.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DEO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO).







Receive News & Ratings for Diageo PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diageo PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿




























Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Sells 6,071 Shares of National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for National Oilwell Varco Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor National Oilwell Varco Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Head to Head Survey: KVH Industries (KVHI) and Iteris (ITI)
BLB&B Advisors LLC Holds Stake in Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC)
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Lowered to “Market Perform” at Wedbush
First Interstate Bank Sells 150 Shares of Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR)
American Express’ (NYSE:AXP) “Sell” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group
American Express Company Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.46 Per Share (NYSE:AXP)
Container Store (The) (NYSE:TCS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages
EP Energy Corporation (EPE) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $275.99 Million
Head-To-Head Comparison: Constant Contact (CTCT) vs. Upland Software (NASDAQ:UPLD)
Head to Head Analysis: CIM Commercial Trust Corporation (CMCT) versus Arbor Realty Trust (ABR)
Financial Comparison: CAI International (CAI) & Navios Maritime Holdings (NM)
Critical Comparison: Marcus Corporation (The) (NYSE:MCS) and Belmond (BEL)
Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC
International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:APC) Given New $60.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc.
Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) versus Textron (TXT) Head to Head Survey
Reviewing Sunshine Heart (SSH) and AxoGen (AXGN)
Herc Holdings (HRI) vs. eHi Car Services Limited (EHIC) Head-To-Head Contrast
Comparing DSP Group (NASDAQ:DSPG) & Iteris (ITI)



 


Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Sells 6,071 Shares of National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV)

					Posted by Andrew Steele on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



Academy Capital Management Inc. TX lowered its stake in shares of  National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV) by 1.1% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 546,234 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock after selling 6,071 shares during the period. National Oilwell Varco comprises approximately  5.0% of Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s holdings in National Oilwell Varco were worth $17,992,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in  National Oilwell Varco by 1.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 37,863,383 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $1,517,944,000 after buying an additional 401,671 shares during the period.  First Eagle Investment Management LLC increased its stake in  National Oilwell Varco by 2.8% in the first quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 26,052,857 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $1,044,459,000 after buying an additional 721,441 shares during the period.  BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in  National Oilwell Varco by 3,189.2% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 24,841,300 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $995,890,000 after buying an additional 24,086,060 shares during the period.  Harris Associates L P increased its stake in  National Oilwell Varco by 7.2% in the first quarter. Harris Associates L P now owns 16,017,269 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $642,133,000 after buying an additional 1,080,775 shares during the period.  Finally, Clearbridge Investments LLC increased its stake in  National Oilwell Varco by 2.8% in the first quarter. Clearbridge Investments LLC now owns 13,209,045 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $529,551,000 after buying an additional 359,809 shares during the period. 91.28% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get National Oilwell Varco Inc. alerts:



Shares of National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE NOV) traded down 1.62% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $33.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,166,764 shares. National Oilwell Varco, Inc. has a 12-month low of $29.79 and a 12-month high of $43.63. The stock’s market capitalization is $12.71 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $33.03 and its 200-day moving average price is $36.41. 




National Oilwell Varco (NYSE:NOV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The oil and gas exploration company reported ($0.17) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.20) by $0.03. National Oilwell Varco had a negative return on equity of 2.44% and a negative net margin of 35.50%. The business had revenue of $1.74 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.67 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.06) EPS. The company’s revenue was down 20.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  National Oilwell Varco, Inc. will post ($0.40) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 16th were paid a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.60%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 14th. National Oilwell Varco’s payout ratio is -3.12%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was  posted by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/22/academy-capital-management-inc-tx-sells-6071-shares-of-national-oilwell-varco-inc-nysenov.html. 
NOV has been the topic of several recent research reports. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on shares of National Oilwell Varco in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Vetr downgraded shares of National Oilwell Varco from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.47 price objective on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of National Oilwell Varco from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $36.00 to $37.00 in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. Jefferies Group LLC  set a $38.00 price objective on shares of National Oilwell Varco and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, ValuEngine downgraded shares of National Oilwell Varco from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned  a hold rating, five have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $39.35.
National Oilwell Varco Company Profile
National Oilwell Varco, Inc is an oilfield equipment manufacturer and technology provider. The Company operates through four segments: Rig Systems, Rig Aftermarket, Wellbore Technologies and Completion & Production Solutions. The Rig Systems segment makes and supports the capital equipment and integrated systems needed to drill oil and gas wells on land and offshore.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV).







Receive News & Ratings for National Oilwell Varco Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Oilwell Varco Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 










































﻿






























Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Has $11.76 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Alphabet Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alphabet Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Stifel Financial Corp Has $254,000 Position in Huron Consulting Group Inc. (NASDAQ:HURN)
Beacon Trust Co. Has $3.43 Million Stake in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN)
Prudential Financial Inc. Lowers Position in Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NYSE:NCI)
Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (NYSE:MTW) Stake Lowered by Comerica Bank
KAMES CAPITAL plc Sells 64,662 Shares of AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
Insider Buying: AgroFresh Solutions, Inc. (AGFS) Major Shareholder Acquires 8,879 Shares of Stock
Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Buys 14,600 Shares
CareDx, Inc. (CDNA) Major Shareholder Purchases $69,432.00 in Stock
Senvest Capital Inc (SEC) Director Sells C$103,500.00 in Stock
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Equity Residential (NYSE:EQR) Stock Price
TCW Group Inc. Sells 3,141,545 Shares of Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT)
Principal Financial Group Inc. Has $10.10 Million Position in Federated Investors, Inc. (FII)
Fabrinet (FN) Stake Increased by OppenheimerFunds Inc.
Neuberger Berman Group LLC Has $173,000 Stake in Square, Inc. (NYSE:SQ)
Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. (ROIC) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 4,327 Shares of Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA)
Westpac Banking Corp Sells 12,605 Shares of Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW)
TrueBlue, Inc. (TBI) Position Increased by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC
Wellington Management Group LLP Has $8.24 Million Position in Sanmina Corporation (NASDAQ:SANM)
Novartis AG (NVS) Position Cut by OppenheimerFunds Inc.







Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Has $11.76 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 6th, 2017 // No Comments




Academy Capital Management Inc. TX lowered its position in  Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) by 1.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 14,177 shares of the information services provider’s stock after selling 218 shares during the period. Alphabet accounts for approximately  3.2% of Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s portfolio, making the stock its 14th largest position. Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s holdings in Alphabet were worth $11,760,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Empirical Finance LLC bought a new stake in  Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $115,000.  Pacific Center for Financial Services bought a new stake in  Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $142,000.  Fusion Family Wealth LLC bought a new stake in  Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $150,000.  Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA bought a new stake in  Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $162,000.  Finally, Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN bought a new stake in  Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $166,000. 34.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Alphabet Inc. alerts:



Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded down 0.55% on Thursday, hitting $906.69. 1,424,423 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $952.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $860.20. Alphabet Inc. has a 52 week low of $688.22 and a 52 week high of $988.25. The stock has a market capitalization of $627.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.64 and a beta of 0.94. 





Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. The firm had revenue of $24.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.18 billion. Alphabet had a return on equity of 15.16% and a net margin of 21.84%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $7.50 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Alphabet Inc. will post $33.92 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Has $11.76 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/06/alphabet-inc-goog-position-lowered-by-academy-capital-management-inc-tx-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several brokerages have commented on GOOG. BMO Capital Markets cut shares of Alphabet from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $1,005.00 to $880.00 in a research report on Tuesday. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday. Vetr upgraded shares of Alphabet from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $995.83 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, June 26th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc  restated a “positive” rating and set a $1,200.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, BidaskClub lowered shares of Alphabet from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and forty-one have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $990.82.
In other Alphabet news, Director L John Doerr sold 13,355 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $935.93, for a total value of $12,499,345.15. Following the transaction, the director now owns 3,468 shares in the company, valued at $3,245,805.24. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP James Grier Campbell sold 183 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $968.95, for a total value of $177,317.85. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 46,268 shares of company stock valued at $42,741,917 over the last 90 days. 13.92% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Alphabet Company Profile
Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.







Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 




















































ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC | ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC/TX Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC/TX 

                Last Update: 07-20-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 35

                    Number of New Stocks: 0




                    Total Value: $358 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 2%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC/TX has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC/TX has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC/TX has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC/TX has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC/TX's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK

















﻿




























National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) is Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s 5th Largest Position - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for National Oilwell Varco Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor National Oilwell Varco Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc’s (RBS) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc.
Comparing Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) and China Lodging Group, Limited (NASDAQ:HTHT)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets
Head to Head Contrast: National Fuel Gas (NFG) vs. Spire (SR)

Bollard Group LLC Buys 75 Shares of Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LW)
National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) is Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s 5th Largest Position
Analyzing Healthways (TVTY) and AMN Healthcare Services (AMN)
Contrasting DSP Group (NASDAQ:DSPG) and MRV Communications (MRVC)
TheStreet, Inc. (NASDAQ:TST) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Duluth Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTH) Now Covered by Analysts at DA Davidson
Fiserv, Inc. (FISV) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Insider Selling: A-Mark Precious Metals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMRK) CEO Sells $14,830.00 in Stock
Malaga Cove Capital LLC Has $726,000 Stake in Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A)
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK) Position Held by Reilly Financial Advisors LLC
Rayonier Inc. (NYSE:RYN) Cut to Sell at BidaskClub
SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Comerica Incorporated (NYSE:CMA)
Energen Corporation (EGN) Price Target Raised to $58.00 at Citigroup Inc.
Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Acquires 226 Shares
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) Downgraded to Underweight at Atlantic Securities



 


National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) is Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s 5th Largest Position

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Academy Capital Management Inc. TX cut its stake in shares of  National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV) by 1.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 546,234 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock after selling 6,071 shares during the period. National Oilwell Varco makes up  about  5.0% of Academy Capital Management Inc. TX’s portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. Academy Capital Management Inc. TX owned 0.14% of National Oilwell Varco worth $17,992,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC increased its stake in shares of  National Oilwell Varco by 0.4% in the first quarter. Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC now owns 6,684 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $268,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the last quarter.  Cleararc Capital Inc. increased its stake in shares of  National Oilwell Varco by 0.7% in the first quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 9,243 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $371,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter.  First Manhattan Co. increased its stake in shares of  National Oilwell Varco by 0.3% in the first quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 32,934 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $1,210,000 after buying an additional 98 shares during the last quarter.  Sandy Spring Bank increased its stake in shares of  National Oilwell Varco by 0.4% in the first quarter. Sandy Spring Bank now owns 32,934 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $1,320,000 after buying an additional 115 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, ProShare Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of  National Oilwell Varco by 0.3% in the first quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC now owns 63,670 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $2,553,000 after buying an additional 197 shares during the last quarter. 91.28% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get National Oilwell Varco Inc. alerts:



Shares of National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV) traded down 1.62% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $33.45. 3,166,764 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $33.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $36.41. The company’s market cap is $12.71 billion. National Oilwell Varco, Inc. has a 52-week low of $29.79 and a 52-week high of $43.63. 




National Oilwell Varco (NYSE:NOV) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The oil and gas exploration company reported ($0.17) EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.20) by $0.03. The business had revenue of $1.74 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.67 billion. National Oilwell Varco had a negative net margin of 35.50% and a negative return on equity of 2.44%. National Oilwell Varco’s quarterly revenue was down 20.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted ($0.06) EPS.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  National Oilwell Varco, Inc. will post ($0.40) EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 16th were issued a dividend of $0.05 per share. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.60%. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, June 14th. National Oilwell Varco’s dividend payout ratio  is -3.12%. 
WARNING: This piece was  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/22/national-oilwell-varco-inc-nov-is-academy-capital-management-inc-txs-5th-largest-position.html. 
Several brokerages have commented on NOV. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of National Oilwell Varco from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their target price for the company from $36.00 to $37.00 in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. Vetr raised shares of National Oilwell Varco from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $45.50 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC  set a $38.00 target price on shares of National Oilwell Varco and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. BMO Capital Markets  set a $30.00 target price on shares of National Oilwell Varco and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, BidaskClub raised shares of National Oilwell Varco from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating, five have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $39.35.
About National Oilwell Varco
National Oilwell Varco, Inc is an oilfield equipment manufacturer and technology provider. The Company operates through four segments: Rig Systems, Rig Aftermarket, Wellbore Technologies and Completion & Production Solutions. The Rig Systems segment makes and supports the capital equipment and integrated systems needed to drill oil and gas wells on land and offshore.







Receive News & Ratings for National Oilwell Varco Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Oilwell Varco Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




International Business Machines Corporation  Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets





Comparing Hilton Worldwide Holdings  and China Lodging Group, Limited 





Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc’s  Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc.











Head to Head Contrast: National Fuel Gas  vs. Spire 





Bollard Group LLC Buys 75 Shares of Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC
                    

HTTP://WWW.ACADEMYCAPITALMGMT.COM
•   WACO, TX
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Academy Capital Management is based out of Waco. Academy Capital Management is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $0 (Form ADV from 2017-03-02).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q2 2017 included $362,663,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 57.09%. Academy Capital Management's largest holding is Citigroup, Inc. with shares held of 550,176.  Academy Capital Management has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 55 13F filings in our database for Academy Capital Management. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















06/30/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


FLT
        
        FleetCor Technologi...
1.447%



ALLP
        
        Alliance Pharmaceut...
1.369%








06/30/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


BEN
         
         Franklin Resources Inc
3.978%


HEINY
         
         Heineken Nv ADR
1.169%


NOV
         
         National Oilwell Va...
1.071%


BP
         
         BP Plc ADR
1.063%


C
         
         Citigroup, Inc.
0.571%







06/30/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


C
                                                  
                                                  Citigroup, Inc.
10.1458%


PM
                                                  
                                                  Philip Morris International...
7.5715%


MA
                                                  
                                                  MasterCard Inc. Class A
6.5593%


PEP
                                                  
                                                  PepsiCo Inc.
5.3661%


NOV
                                                  
                                                  National Oilwell Varco, Inc.
4.9611%

See All Holdings






06/30/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $362.663 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $367.064 Million
New Purchases1 stock
Additional Purchases3 stocks
Sold out of1 stock
Reduced holdings in27 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %57.09%
Turnover %
                        [1]:5.56%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:8.68%
Time Held Top20:10.90 quarters
Time Held Top10:7.20 quarters
Time Held All:14.75 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






06/30/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
1.73%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
10.83%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-21








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-21
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q2 2017 13F Filings 
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2004 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-06-30
2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
 
500 N VALLEY MILLS DR STE #200


WACO
TX
            
        76710
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          254-751-0555
Fax:
              254-751-0611


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:
TX


Number of employees:
7


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Fixed fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.ACADEMYCAPITALMGMT.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 06/30/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 06/30/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




﻿

























Alphabet’s (GOOG) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Wells Fargo & Company - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Alphabet Inc
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alphabet Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11 (JLS)
Blue Buffalo Pet Products, Inc. (BUFF) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Imperial Capital
Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €195.00 Price Target
Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Maxim Group
Yamaha Motor Co (YAMHF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Brokers Issue Forecasts for Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ATRA)
National Bank Financial Reaffirms “Outperform Overweight” Rating for Real Matters (REA)
Insider Selling: WageWorks, Inc. (WAGE) CEO Sells 495,148 Shares of Stock
Capital One National Association Boosts Position in Cardinal Health, Inc. (CAH)
Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) Shares Bought by HighTower Advisors LLC
Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Boosts Stake in CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME)
Oak Associates Ltd. OH Acquires 17,200 Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF)
Michael M. Mcnamara Sells 285,288 Shares of Flextronics International Ltd. (FLEX) Stock
Insider Buying: Dorchester Minerals, L.P. (DMLP) CFO Acquires 6,417 Shares of Stock
$789.93 Million in Sales Expected for Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) This Quarter
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (NASDAQ:MPAA) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $93.04 Million
$155.37 Million in Sales Expected for Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) This Quarter
Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC Reduces Position in Reynolds American Inc (NYSE:RAI)
Utah Retirement Systems Purchases 6,200 Shares of Gulfport Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:GPOR)
Contrasting Big Lots (BIG) and Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)


 


Alphabet’s (GOOG) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Wells Fargo & Company

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Wells Fargo & Company restated their outperform rating on shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in a research report released on Saturday.
Other research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. UBS AG restated a buy rating and set a $980.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Morgan Stanley restated an overweight rating and set a $1,050.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Saturday. Vetr upgraded shares of Alphabet from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $907.74 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. Aegis restated a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Finally, Societe Generale reiterated a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, July 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, thirty-nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $994.64.


 Get Alphabet Inc alerts:



Alphabet (NASDAQ GOOG) traded up 0.49% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $972.92. The company had a trading volume of 1,711,000 shares. Alphabet has a 1-year low of $727.54 and a 1-year high of $988.25. The stock has a market capitalization of $673.02 billion, a PE ratio of 32.88 and a beta of 0.94. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $948.07 and its 200 day moving average is $874.98. 




Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.92% and a return on equity of 15.33%. The company had revenue of $24.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.18 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $7.50 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Alphabet will post $33.97 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/alphabets-goog-outperform-rating-reiterated-at-wells-fargo-company.html. 
In other Alphabet news, Director Shirley M. Tilghman sold 250 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $931.88, for a total transaction of $232,970.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,579 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,198,958.52. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $915.16, for a total transaction of $3,660,640.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 2,205 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,017,927.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 46,268 shares of company stock valued at $43,494,737. 13.92% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. raised its position in Alphabet by 39.6% in the second quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 141 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the period. Farmers National Bank raised its position in Alphabet by 15.0% in the first quarter. Farmers National Bank now owns 161 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the period. St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC raised its position in Alphabet by 1,046.7% in the second quarter. St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC now owns 172 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $156,000 after buying an additional 157 shares during the period. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new position in Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $142,000. Finally, Cribstone Capital Management LLC raised its position in Alphabet by 5.7% in the second quarter. Cribstone Capital Management LLC now owns 184 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. 34.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Alphabet Company Profile
Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 















































Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Share Price - BNB Daily












 
















 

 

Home » Investing



Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Share Price

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about HealthSouth Corp (NYSE:HLS) has trended somewhat positive this week, Accern Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group scores the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Foster Wheeler AG (NASDAQ:FWLT) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.27

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Press coverage about Foster Wheeler AG (NASDAQ:FWLT) has trended positive this week, Accern Sentiment reports. Accern identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time....  




Federal Signal Corporation (NYSE:FSS) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media coverage about Federal Signal Corporation (NYSE:FSS) has been trending positive this week, Accern reports. The research group identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Ford Motor (F) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media headlines about Ford Motor (NYSE:F) have been trending somewhat positive on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. The research group scores the sentiment of media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources...  




Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.14

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News headlines about Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) have trended somewhat positive this week, Accern Sentiment reports. The research firm identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and...  




Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media coverage about Genesis Energy, L.P. (NYSE:GEL) has been trending somewhat positive this week, Accern reports. The research group identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) Share Price

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) has been trending positive on Thursday, Accern Sentiment reports. Accern ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Accern ranks...  




Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM) Upgraded to “Outperform” at Scotiabank

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM) was upgraded by stock analysts at Scotiabank from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report released on Wednesday, July 5th. The brokerage presently...  




Kohl’s Corporation (KSS) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) was upgraded by stock analysts at BidaskClub from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday, July 5th.
A number of other brokerages have...  




Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO) Upgraded to “Buy” by Citigroup Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Citigroup Inc. upgraded shares of Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Wednesday, July 5th, MarketBeat.com reports. The brokerage currently has $15.00 price objective...  




AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE:MITT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE:MITT) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Wednesday, July 5th.
According to Zacks, “AG Mortgage...  




Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) Receives “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, June 27th. They currently have a $41.00 price objective...  




Zacks Investment Research Lowers Guidance Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:GUID) to Hold

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Guidance Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:GUID) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, July 4th.
According to Zacks, “GUIDANCE...  




Black Box Corporation (BBOX) Rating Increased to Buy at Sidoti

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Sidoti upgraded shares of Black Box Corporation (NASDAQ:BBOX) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. Sidoti currently has $10.00 price objective on the...  




Mizuho Lowers Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) to Neutral

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Mizuho downgraded shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Tuesday, July 4th, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Mizuho currently has $150.00 price objective...  




Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, July 4th.
According to Zacks, “Harmonic designs,...  




Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Receives “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Cantor Fitzgerald restated their buy rating on shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in a research note published on Tuesday, June 27th, Marketbeat Ratings reports. Cantor Fitzgerald currently has a $1,070.00 price objective on the...  




Sysco Corporation’s (SYY) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. They currently have a $60.00...  




Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Praxair (PX) Share Price

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about Praxair (NYSE:PX) has trended somewhat positive on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. Accern identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time....  




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-one research firms that are currently covering the firm, Marketbeat Ratings reports. One research analyst...  




Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the seven ratings firms that are covering the company, MarketBeat reports. One analyst has rated the stock...  




Rice Energy Inc. (RICE) Rating Lowered to Hold at KLR Group

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

KLR Group lowered shares of Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat reports. They currently have $27.00 price target on the oil and gas...  




$0.39 Earnings Per Share Expected for Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) This Quarter

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Wall Street brokerages forecast that Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) will announce earnings per share of $0.39 for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have provided estimates for Axalta...  




Eagle Materials Inc (EXP) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.17 Per Share

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Equities analysts expect Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) to report earnings of $1.17 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Eagle Materials’ earnings,...  




Marathon Patent Group (NASDAQ:MARA) and Advanced Disposal Services (ADSW) Head to Head Analysis

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Marathon Patent Group (NASDAQ: MARA) and Advanced Disposal Services (NASDAQ:ADSW) are both finance companies, but which is the superior investment? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their earnings, dividends,...  




Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Sells 669,521 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Levin Capital Strategies L.P. cut its position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) by 91.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 62,473...  




Phillips 66 (PSX) Shares Sold by South State Corp

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

South State Corp cut its position in Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) by 19.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 49,006 shares of the oil and gas company’s...  




Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 7,102 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. decreased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GS) by 19.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional...  




General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Stake Increased by Blue Chip Partners Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Blue Chip Partners Inc. raised its position in General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) by 3.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 16,110 shares...  




Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Position Maintained by Pettee Investors Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Pettee Investors Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,332 shares...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.25 Million Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (NYSEMKT:IMO) (TSE:IMO) by 4.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission...  




Citigroup Inc. (C) Stake Decreased by NEXT Financial Group Inc

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

NEXT Financial Group Inc reduced its position in shares of Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) by 31.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 14,080 shares of the financial...  




Essex Financial Services Inc. Has $261,000 Position in FedEx Corporation (FDX)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Essex Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) by 14.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1,335 shares of the shipping service provider’s...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.28 Million Stake in W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA) by 30.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)....  




Omnia Family Wealth LLC Maintains Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Omnia Family Wealth LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 3,836 shares of...  




Eagle Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Eagle Asset Management Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) by 11.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned...  




Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Duke Energy Corporation (DUK)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Warren Averett Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Duke Energy Corporation (NYSE:DUK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.33 Million Stake in BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (NYSE:BXS) by 4.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The...  




HubSpot, Inc. (HUBS) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS) by 1.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 75,500...  




Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (KLIC) Earns “Buy” Rating from B. Riley

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

B. Riley reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLIC) in a report released on Thursday, June 29th. B. Riley currently has a $31.00 price target on the semiconductor company’s stock.
A...  




VCA Inc. (WOOF) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

VCA Inc. (NASDAQ:WOOF) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Thursday, June 29th.
According to Zacks, “VCA Inc. is a national animal healthcare...  




Cray Inc (CRAY) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of Cray Inc (NASDAQ:CRAY) by 4.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 212,960...  




149,273 Shares in Premier, Inc. (PINC) Acquired by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. acquired a new position in Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 149,273 shares of the...  




Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ:CY) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Thursday, June 29th. The brokerage presently has a $15.00...  




Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Downgraded to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) was downgraded by research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) to a “neutral” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday, July 3rd, Marketbeat reports. They currently have a GBX...  




Beaufort Securities Downgrades Fox Marble Holdings PLC (FOX) to Hold

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Beaufort Securities downgraded shares of Fox Marble Holdings PLC (LON:FOX) to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday, July 3rd.
Shares of Fox Marble Holdings PLC (LON:FOX) traded up 0.000% on Monday, hitting...  




VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (VDSI) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (NASDAQ:VDSI) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday, June...  




General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Morgan Stanley

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Morgan Stanley restated their equal weight rating on shares of General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) in a research report sent to investors on Sunday, June 25th. Morgan Stanley currently has a $55.00 price target on the stock, down from...  




Ball Co. (NYSE:BLL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ball Co. (NYSE:BLL)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research note issued to investors on Sunday, June 25th. They presently have a $47.00 price objective on the industrial...  




$7.06 Billion in Sales Expected for Philip Morris International Inc (PM) This Quarter

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Brokerages expect Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) to post $7.06 billion in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Philip Morris International’s...  


Next » 














Free Email Newsletter
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.41
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC) Position Raised by Delta Lloyd NV
Rogers Corporation (ROG) Position Cut by Prudential Financial Inc.
TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Shares Bought by Mason Street Advisors LLC
Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Position Raised by Wealthsource Partners LLC
Nordea Investment Management AB Sells 889,163 Shares of Stryker Corporation (SYK)
Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 11 Shares of Cubic Corporation (CUB)
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,349 Shares of Vipshop Holdings Limited (VIPS)
Premier Asset Managment LLC Has $369,000 Position in Accenture PLC (ACN)
Allergan PLC. (AGN) Shares Sold by Mayo Investment Advisers LLC
Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Prudential Financial Inc. Acquires 72 Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE)
Prudential Financial Inc. Sells 1,732 Shares of Woodward, Inc. (WWD)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Acquires 249,725 Shares of Enbridge Energy Management LLC (EEQ)
USS Investment Management Ltd Has $22,858,000 Position in General Dynamics Corporation (GD)
Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) SVP Sells $29,984.00 in Stock
GTT Communications, Inc. (NYSE:GTT) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share


 

























Academy Capital Management, Inc. - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Texas



                
                >
                

Waco







 Academy Capital Management, Inc.
                        

Active

                                
                                    Waco,
                                    TX
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Academy Capital Management, Inc. Overview
  Academy Capital Management, Inc. filed as a Domestic For-Profit Corporation in the State of Texas on Tuesday, April 1, 1986 and is approximately thirty-one years old, as recorded in documents filed with Texas Secretary of State.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Academy Capital Management, Inc.
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Academy Capital Management, Inc.








Name







                            Terry Joel Adam
                        




                                        President
                                    

                                        Director
                                    







                            Scott Granowski
                                
                                    1
                                





                                        Director
                                    

                                        Vice President
                                    





















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Academy Capital Management, Inc.










500 N Valley Mills Dr
Waco, TX 76710










Corporate Filings for Academy Capital Management, Inc.








Texas Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic For-Profit Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    Texas
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    79185900
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Tuesday, April 1, 1986
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Scott Granowski
                                    








Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        4/1/1986
                                    

                                        Articles Of Incorporation                                                  
                                    








                                        9/21/1987
                                    

                                        Articles Of Amendment                                                      
                                    








                                        5/31/1989
                                    

                                        Articles Of Amendment                                                      
                                    








                                        10/18/1991
                                    

                                        Articles Of Amendment                                                      
                                    








                                        12/31/2002
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2003
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2004
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2005
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2006
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2006
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2009
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2010
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2011
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2012
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2013
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2014
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2015
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    








                                        12/31/2016
                                    

                                        Public Information Report (PIR)                                            
                                    












Advertisements










Source







Texas Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Saturday, July 22, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Academy Capital Management, Inc..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Academy Capital Management, Inc. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                500 N Valley Mills Dr  Waco, TX 76710

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Academy Capital Management, Inc. however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                TX

1986
Domestic For-Profit Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        Texas Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,578 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,734 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,198 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,451 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,353 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,181 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,580 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,065 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,849 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,879 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,967 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,460 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,532 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,178 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,206 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,761 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,100 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,571 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,366 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,915 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,345 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,948 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,784 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,854 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,337 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,897 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,482 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,204 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,611 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,577 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,393 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,535 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,313 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,016 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,087 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,214 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,672 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,002 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,328 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,674 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,150 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,720 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,368 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,906 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,356 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,451 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,360 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,349 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,728 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,593 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,309 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,732 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,780 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,353 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,237 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,910 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,896 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,958 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,198 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,730 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,421 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,907 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,910 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,499 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,497 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,076 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,325 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,945 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,976 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,782 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Texas Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Texas Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Family Business Beer Company, LLC

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jensen Ackles
Gino Graul










Fired Up Holding Company Inc

                                                
                                                    Lubbock, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Foote
Magdalena Baier










J Howe Capital, LLC

                                                
                                                    Amarillo, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin Howe










Ruby Tequilas 2228 LLC

                                                
                                                    Lubbock, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Magdalena Baier










Prospect Resources (U.S.) Inc.

                                                
                                                    Stafford, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Russell D. Gordy
Susan D. Eisenbrey
Robert B. Hope










Cmh Imports, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Barker, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad R. Holmstrom
Jana Holmstrom










Ruby Tequilas 1128 LLC

                                                
                                                    Lubbock, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Magdalena Baier










Lone Star Land & Cattle Co.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Russell D. Gordy
Sharin A. Scott
Glenda J. Gordy










Maropco, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Preston Marshall
Elaine Marshall
Sheena Adams Bonadona










Sg Methane Company, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Russell D. Gordy
Thomas R. Speck
Robert H. Guinn










Strategic Design & Construction, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Barker, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad R. Holmstrom
Jana Holmstrom










Rusk Oil Corporation

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Preston Marshall
Evyonne Scurlock
Eyvonne Scurlock










Rtic Coolers, LLC

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Andrew Jacobsen
James M. Jacobsen










Rusk Capital Management LLC

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Preston Marshall










Ruby Tequilas 3328 LLC

                                                
                                                    Lubbock, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Magdalena Baier










Ikall Telecom, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Manar Saah










Strategic Culinary Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ricardo L. Valencia
Donald E. Cristopher
Donald E. Christopher










The Staff Professionals, Inc.

                                                
                                                    San Antonio, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eddie A. Heinemeier
Nancy S. Heinemeier
Eddie A. Heinewecer










Alpine Silica, LLC

                                                
                                                    Cisco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Early










Velasco Oil & Gas, LLC

                                                
                                                    Midland, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nicholas L. Holbrook
Justin Duke
Kyle Townsend










Cleburne 2050, LLC

                                                
                                                    Cleburne, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Maurice Alazar
Ayman Arouse










Association of Chaplains of Texas

                                                
                                                    Buchanan Dam, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dann Baker
E. C. Vanderland
Pamela Washburn










Syrcom Real Properties, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Worth, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ayman Arouse
Rania Hadeed
Sami Hadeed










Tarrant County Hospital District

                                                
                                                    Fort Worth, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Sugges
Scott W. Fisher
Joan Baumer










Amarillo Bbq Investment Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Amarillo, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin Howe










Gulshan Enterprises, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shoukat Dhanani
Ameen Ali
Mohammad S. Memon










Eddie's Mexican Food, Inc.

                                                
                                                    San Juan, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Edgar Gutierrez
Laura Gutierrez










Centennial Resource Production, LLC

                                                
                                                    Midland, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard A. Jennings
Chris Carter
Ward Polzin










Permian Deep Rock Oil Company, LLC

                                                
                                                    Midland, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David H. Arrington










Family Business Land Company, LLC

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jensen Ackles
Edward Graul










Raptor Lift Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Raptor Lift Holdings, LLC










Pmb Capital Investments, Lp

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Pb Partners Management, LLC










Platinum Gymkhana, L.P.

                                                
                                                    San Antonio, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Platinum Community, Inc.










1208 Hillside, LLC

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jensen Ackles
Stone Park Trust










Loans 2 Go USA, LLC

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Matt Campbell










Verdad Exploration Mexico, LLC

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Micajah Stokes Stude
Patrick Justin McCarthy
Mike Stude










Ampex Brands, LLC

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tabbassum Mumtaz
Ajay Dhillon
Ramesh Walia










Eph 2 Assets, LLC

                                                
                                                    Austin, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clay Hobbs
Lhf 4 Assets Equity Owner, LLC
Allyson Hale










Yhc Corporation

                                                
                                                    Austin, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ronald B. Yokubaitis
Jonah B. Yokubaitis
Carolyn M. Yokubaitis










High Roller Sand Operating, LLC

                                                
                                                    Lufkin, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bdw Sands, LLC










Billy Bob's Ziplines LLC

                                                
                                                    Carthage, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Billy H. Emmons
Kim P. Emmons










Wise Credit, LLC

                                                
                                                    Decatur, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James F. Wood










Magnolia Natural Resources, LLC

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Adam Pogoloff










Grand Tejas Land, L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jesse M. Valeriano
Valeriano Irrevocable Family Trust
Daniel P. Smith










A & M Developers LLC

                                                
                                                    Irving, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ajay Patel
Mukesh K. Patel










Tiger Racing Team, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Worth, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Britt M. Hawrylak










Hillwood Airways, LLC

                                                
                                                    Dallas, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles E. Bart
Scott Bohnenkemp
Thomas D. Williams










Dmre - Dosch & Marshall Real Estate, L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Houston, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tim Dosch
David Marshall










Namerico Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Cypress, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fairway Midstream, LLC
Diamond H Nalp, LLC
Ener Visory Group LLC










Tea 2 Go, LLC

                                                
                                                    Lubbock, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeffery Hunt



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Obx Laboratories, LLC
18 days ago


Dallas
Carrollton




Anders Group (Tx), LLC
18 days ago


Irving




McSw Jax Hospitality LLC
18 days ago


Houston




Wyoming Capital Funding Group, LLC
19 days ago


Austin




Ludoo Realty, Lp
19 days ago


Plano




High Roller Sand Operating, LLC
19 days ago


Lufkin




Patch of Heavenly Homes, LLC.
19 days ago


Jourdanton




Ela Container Offshore USA Corp.
19 days ago


Houston




Alpine Polytech, Lp
19 days ago


Fort Worth




Caz PEA2 Buckhorn Aggregator, L.P.
19 days ago


Houston




Jmeg, LLC
19 days ago


Carrollton




Mao Restaurant at 15th St Lp
19 days ago


Dallas




Str Centec Properties Lp
19 days ago


Austin




Woodland Redevelopment, Lp
19 days ago


San Antonio




Liv Boerne Hills, Lp
19 days ago


San Antonio




UH33 - Angleton, Lp
19 days ago


Houston




Creekview Realty LLC
19 days ago


Plano




Tpg Pace Energy Holdings Corp.
19 days ago


Fort Worth




Concertal Systems, Inc.
19 days ago


Allen




3099 Olive Gp LLC
19 days ago


Houston




Hd 3099 Olive Lp
19 days ago


Houston




Sycamore Energy Partners, L.P.
19 days ago


Austin




Tgp Pace Holdings Corp.
19 days ago


Fort Worth




Falcon Seaboard Resources, LLC
19 days ago


Houston




Hines 3099 Olive Associates Lp
19 days ago


Houston




3099 Olive Lp
19 days ago


Houston




Gold Landscape, LLC
19 days ago


Southlake




Hines 3099 Olive Gp LLC
19 days ago


Houston




Madera Capital Fund III, Lp
19 days ago


Lubbock




Hey Heritage Holdings, Ltd.
19 days ago


San Antonio




RG42, LLC
19 days ago


Plano




S Box, Lp
19 days ago


Fort Worth




Bra-Ket Science, Inc.
19 days ago


Austin




Brook 2121 Ib, Lp
19 days ago


Dallas




2017 Austin Pancakes, Lp
19 days ago


Austin




Ltg Treasury Fund, Lp
19 days ago


Dallas




Jts Design District Investment, Lp
19 days ago


Dallas




Premier It Solutions, LLC
19 days ago


Richardson




Viva Capital Funding, LLC
19 days ago


El Paso




Swc Building, Lp
19 days ago


Trophy Club




Denton Acupuncture Wellness, LLC
19 days ago


Denton




Alloy Custom Products, LLC
19 days ago


Dallas




Vigo Catering Ltd. Co.
19 days ago


Houston




Constellation Growth Real Estate LLC
19 days ago


Houston




Taylor Multimedia LLC
19 days ago


Bedford




North's Fh, LLC
19 days ago


Nacogdoches




Remora Capital Management LLC
19 days ago


Austin




Jackson Legacy Enterprises LLC
19 days ago


Austin




Valor Global, LLC
19 days ago


Bedford




Howell Entertainment LLC
19 days ago


Montgomery









Top cities in Texas





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Houston
                


                777,641
            



                2
            


                    Dallas
                


                513,411
            



                3
            


                    Austin
                


                380,781
            



                4
            


                    San Antonio
                


                260,099
            



                5
            


                    Fort Worth
                


                158,161
            



                6
            


                    Plano
                


                107,168
            



                7
            


                    El Paso
                


                84,648
            



                8
            


                    Arlington
                


                75,330
            



                9
            


                    Spring
                


                73,844
            



                10
            


                    Irving
                


                63,251
            



                11
            


                    Sugar Land
                


                51,847
            



                12
            


                    Corpus Christi
                


                50,090
            



                13
            


                    Katy
                


                49,285
            



                14
            


                    Lubbock
                


                46,072
            



                15
            


                    Frisco
                


                42,457
            



                16
            


                    Richardson
                


                41,547
            



                17
            


                    Carrollton
                


                40,533
            



                18
            


                    Garland
                


                38,555
            



                19
            


                    Amarillo
                


                37,519
            



                20
            


                    Midland
                


                37,097
            



                21
            


                    McAllen
                


                36,297
            



                22
            


                    Laredo
                


                35,962
            



                23
            


                    McKinney
                


                35,373
            



                24
            


                    Tyler
                


                30,765
            



                25
            


                    Grand Prairie
                


                27,980
            



                26
            


                    Beaumont
                


                27,001
            



                27
            


                    Round Rock
                


                26,780
            



                28
            


                    Lewisville
                


                26,549
            



                29
            


                    Conroe
                


                25,936
            



                30
            


                    Cypress
                


                25,597
            



                31
            


                    Waco
                


                24,288
            



                32
            


                    Humble
                


                23,817
            



                33
            


                    Addison
                


                23,368
            



                34
            


                    Denton
                


                23,265
            



                35
            


                    Allen
                


                23,112
            



                36
            


                    Pearland
                


                22,928
            



                37
            


                    Odessa
                


                21,260
            



                38
            


                    Mesquite
                


                21,161
            



                39
            


                    Longview
                


                20,852
            



                40
            


                    Brownsville
                


                20,707
            



                41
            


                    Missouri City
                


                20,627
            



                42
            


                    Abilene
                


                20,381
            



                43
            


                    Flower Mound
                


                19,737
            



                44
            


                    Richmond
                


                19,528
            



                45
            


                    Southlake
                


                19,358
            



                46
            


                    The Woodlands
                


                18,345
            



                47
            


                    New Braunfels
                


                18,018
            



                48
            


                    Grapevine
                


                17,447
            



                49
            


                    Pasadena
                


                16,913
            



                50
            


                    Wichita Falls
                


                16,843
            



                51
            


                    Rockwall
                


                16,801
            



                52
            


                    Georgetown
                


                16,450
            



                53
            


                    Tomball
                


                15,974
            



                54
            


                    Cedar Park
                


                15,539
            



                55
            


                    Kingwood
                


                15,495
            



                56
            


                    College Station
                


                15,416
            



                57
            


                    Keller
                


                15,321
            



                58
            


                    Mission
                


                15,267
            



                59
            


                    San Angelo
                


                15,093
            



                60
            


                    Mansfield
                


                14,528
            



                61
            


                    Bryan
                


                14,380
            



                62
            


                    League City
                


                14,301
            



                63
            


                    Boerne
                


                14,181
            



                64
            


                    Coppell
                


                14,076
            



                65
            


                    Weatherford
                


                13,975
            



                66
            


                    Edinburg
                


                13,751
            



                67
            


                    Colleyville
                


                13,563
            



                68
            


                    Killeen
                


                13,551
            



                69
            


                    Kerrville
                


                13,532
            



                70
            


                    North Richland Hills
                


                13,237
            



                71
            


                    Victoria
                


                13,176
            



                72
            


                    Bedford
                


                12,909
            



                73
            


                    Stafford
                


                12,726
            



                74
            


                    Bellaire
                


                12,668
            



                75
            


                    Baytown
                


                12,665
            



                76
            


                    Friendswood
                


                12,127
            



                77
            


                    Magnolia
                


                11,970
            



                78
            


                    Montgomery
                


                11,470
            



                79
            


                    Harlingen
                


                11,447
            



                80
            


                    Hurst
                


                11,266
            



                81
            


                    Pflugerville
                


                11,237
            



                82
            


                    Burleson
                


                11,139
            



                83
            


                    Granbury
                


                11,125
            



                84
            


                    Temple
                


                11,122
            



                85
            


                    Euless
                


                11,034
            



                86
            


                    Desoto
                


                11,000
            



                87
            


                    Rowlett
                


                10,878
            



                88
            


                    Texarkana
                


                10,573
            



                89
            


                    Galveston
                


                10,572
            



                90
            


                    Leander
                


                10,303
            



                91
            


                    Lufkin
                


                9,839
            



                92
            


                    Cedar Hill
                


                9,817
            



                93
            


                    San Marcos
                


                9,554
            



                94
            


                    Sherman
                


                8,532
            



                95
            


                    Duncanville
                


                8,302
            



                96
            


                    Waxahachie
                


                8,096
            



                97
            


                    Pharr
                


                7,867
            



                98
            


                    Wylie
                


                7,717
            



                99
            


                    Nacogdoches
                


                7,625
            



                100
            


                    The Colony
                


                7,241
            



                101
            


                    Cleburne
                


                6,816
            



                102
            


                    Seguin
                


                6,773
            



                103
            


                    Paris
                


                6,715
            



                104
            


                    Huntsville
                


                6,652
            



                105
            


                    Roanoke
                


                6,410
            



                106
            


                    Fredericksburg
                


                6,392
            



                107
            


                    Port Arthur
                


                6,338
            



                108
            


                    Alvin
                


                6,003
            



                109
            


                    Weslaco
                


                5,942
            



                110
            


                    Orange
                


                5,870
            



                111
            


                    Haltom City
                


                5,861
            



                112
            


                    La Porte
                


                5,775
            



                113
            


                    Dripping Springs
                


                5,764
            



                114
            


                    Webster
                


                5,715
            



                115
            


                    Helotes
                


                5,607
            



                116
            


                    Marshall
                


                5,555
            



                117
            


                    Seabrook
                


                5,456
            



                118
            


                    Lancaster
                


                5,454
            



                119
            


                    Dickinson
                


                5,415
            



                120
            


                    Forney
                


                5,414
            



                121
            


                    Rosenberg
                


                5,371
            



                122
            


                    Midlothian
                


                5,356
            



                123
            


                    Brenham
                


                5,342
            



                124
            


                    Argyle
                


                5,307
            



                125
            


                    Little Elm
                


                5,306
            



                126
            


                    Belton
                


                5,305
            



                127
            


                    Red Oak
                


                5,219
            



                128
            


                    Gainesville
                


                5,104
            



                129
            


                    Marble Falls
                


                5,065
            



                130
            


                    Texas City
                


                5,015
            



                131
            


                    Willis
                


                4,999
            



                132
            


                    Terrell
                


                4,997
            



                133
            


                    Schertz
                


                4,976
            



                134
            


                    Livingston
                


                4,961
            



                135
            


                    Greenville
                


                4,946
            



                136
            


                    Denison
                


                4,898
            



                137
            


                    Deer Park
                


                4,758
            



                138
            


                    Corsicana
                


                4,755
            



                139
            


                    Stephenville
                


                4,695
            



                140
            


                    Azle
                


                4,692
            



                141
            


                    Bastrop
                


                4,642
            



                142
            


                    Buda
                


                4,633
            



                143
            


                    Wimberley
                


                4,601
            



                144
            


                    Nederland
                


                4,552
            



                145
            


                    Rockport
                


                4,476
            



                146
            


                    Palestine
                


                4,475
            



                147
            


                    Lake Jackson
                


                4,415
            



                148
            


                    Athens
                


                4,402
            



                149
            


                    Kilgore
                


                4,388
            



                150
            


                    Kyle
                


                4,328
            



                151
            


                    Woodway
                


                4,247
            



                152
            


                    Aledo
                


                4,155
            



                153
            


                    Del Rio
                


                4,122
            



                154
            


                    Eagle Pass
                


                4,106
            



                155
            


                    Crosby
                


                4,026
            



                156
            


                    Decatur
                


                4,015
            



                157
            


                    Big Spring
                


                3,987
            



                158
            


                    Prosper
                


                3,981
            



                159
            


                    Cleveland
                


                3,974
            



                160
            


                    Porter
                


                3,971
            



                161
            


                    Sulphur Springs
                


                3,955
            



                162
            


                    Spring Branch
                


                3,898
            



                163
            


                    Spicewood
                


                3,845
            



                164
            


                    Alice
                


                3,828
            



                165
            


                    Ennis
                


                3,781
            



                166
            


                    Brownwood
                


                3,743
            



                167
            


                    West Lake Hills
                


                3,731
            



                168
            


                    Manvel
                


                3,608
            



                169
            


                    Angleton
                


                3,603
            



                170
            


                    Channelview
                


                3,599
            



                171
            


                    Harker Heights
                


                3,592
            



                172
            


                    Lakeway
                


                3,580
            



                173
            


                    Converse
                


                3,516
            



                174
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                3,495
            



                175
            


                    Canyon Lake
                


                3,489
            



                176
            


                    Sachse
                


                3,476
            



                177
            


                    Plainview
                


                3,466
            



                178
            


                    Hutto
                


                3,449
            



                179
            


                    Royse City
                


                3,435
            



                180
            


                    Pampa
                


                3,427
            



                181
            


                    Henderson
                


                3,425
            



                182
            


                    Aubrey
                


                3,404
            



                183
            


                    Crowley
                


                3,381
            



                184
            


                    Kemah
                


                3,381
            



                185
            


                    Haslet
                


                3,345
            



                186
            


                    Graham
                


                3,329
            



                187
            


                    Farmers Branch
                


                3,248
            



                188
            


                    Jacksonville
                


                3,204
            



                189
            


                    Canyon
                


                3,117
            



                190
            


                    Copperas Cove
                


                3,081
            



                191
            


                    Mineral Wells
                


                3,042
            



                192
            


                    San Benito
                


                3,039
            



                193
            


                    Lindale
                


                3,019
            



                194
            


                    El Campo
                


                2,993
            



                195
            


                    Universal City
                


                2,955
            



                196
            


                    Bulverde
                


                2,918
            



                197
            


                    Mabank
                


                2,917
            



                198
            


                    Vidor
                


                2,911
            



                199
            


                    Bay City
                


                2,904
            



                200
            


                    Burnet
                


                2,839
            



                201
            


                    Lumberton
                


                2,799
            



                202
            


                    Kingsville
                


                2,756
            



                203
            


                    Center
                


                2,744
            



                204
            


                    Cibolo
                


                2,729
            



                205
            


                    Kaufman
                


                2,721
            



                206
            


                    Uvalde
                


                2,700
            



                207
            


                    Hereford
                


                2,690
            



                208
            


                    Elgin
                


                2,684
            



                209
            


                    Santa Fe
                


                2,654
            



                210
            


                    Gilmer
                


                2,632
            



                211
            


                    Dayton
                


                2,578
            



                212
            


                    Canton
                


                2,563
            



                213
            


                    San Juan
                


                2,556
            



                214
            


                    Fresno
                


                2,548
            



                215
            


                    Floresville
                


                2,513
            



                216
            


                    Taylor
                


                2,498
            



                217
            


                    South Padre Island
                


                2,496
            



                218
            


                    Murphy
                


                2,494
            



                219
            


                    Sanger
                


                2,489
            



                220
            


                    Rosharon
                


                2,488
            



                221
            


                    Celina
                


                2,486
            



                222
            


                    Hidalgo
                


                2,469
            



                223
            


                    Beeville
                


                2,466
            



                224
            


                    New Caney
                


                2,457
            



                225
            


                    Fulshear
                


                2,449
            



                226
            


                    Manor
                


                2,447
            



                227
            


                    Carthage
                


                2,412
            



                228
            


                    Liberty Hill
                


                2,393
            



                229
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                2,381
            



                230
            


                    Jasper
                


                2,375
            



                231
            


                    Portland
                


                2,361
            



                232
            


                    La Grange
                


                2,359
            



                233
            


                    Robstown
                


                2,349
            



                234
            


                    South Houston
                


                2,343
            



                235
            


                    Sealy
                


                2,327
            



                236
            


                    Horseshoe Bay
                


                2,316
            



                237
            


                    Springtown
                


                2,311
            



                238
            


                    Levelland
                


                2,308
            



                239
            


                    Flint
                


                2,297
            



                240
            


                    Rio Grande City
                


                2,294
            



                241
            


                    Lake Dallas
                


                2,283
            



                242
            


                    Alvarado
                


                2,281
            



                243
            


                    Lockhart
                


                2,260
            



                244
            


                    Whitehouse
                


                2,228
            



                245
            


                    Waller
                


                2,212
            



                246
            


                    Donna
                


                2,207
            



                247
            


                    La Marque
                


                2,191
            



                248
            


                    Gatesville
                


                2,179
            



                249
            


                    Liberty
                


                2,159
            



                250
            


                    Hempstead
                


                2,157
            



                251
            


                    Justin
                


                2,150
            



                252
            


                    Snyder
                


                2,149
            



                253
            


                    Huffman
                


                2,137
            



                254
            


                    Silsbee
                


                2,127
            



                255
            


                    Navasota
                


                2,126
            



                256
            


                    Andrews
                


                2,111
            



                257
            


                    Benbrook
                


                2,084
            



                258
            


                    Hockley
                


                2,080
            



                259
            


                    Bellville
                


                2,076
            



                260
            


                    Bridgeport
                


                2,065
            



                261
            


                    Kennedale
                


                2,064
            



                262
            


                    Port Neches
                


                2,061
            



                263
            


                    Alamo
                


                2,058
            



                264
            


                    Joshua
                


                2,053
            



                265
            


                    Wharton
                


                2,046
            



                266
            


                    Seagoville
                


                2,043
            



                267
            


                    Dumas
                


                2,041
            



                268
            


                    Lampasas
                


                2,033
            



                269
            


                    Mineola
                


                2,023
            



                270
            


                    Dalhart
                


                2,021
            



                271
            


                    Hewitt
                


                2,013
            



                272
            


                    Port Aransas
                


                2,004
            



                273
            


                    Port Lavaca
                


                1,993
            



                274
            


                    Freeport
                


                1,992
            



                275
            


                    Salado
                


                1,985
            



                276
            


                    Bullard
                


                1,957
            



                277
            


                    Borger
                


                1,944
            



                278
            


                    Gonzales
                


                1,938
            



                279
            


                    Bowie
                


                1,902
            



                280
            


                    Corinth
                


                1,890
            



                281
            


                    Bandera
                


                1,889
            



                282
            


                    Hondo
                


                1,887
            



                283
            


                    Crockett
                


                1,870
            



                284
            


                    Aransas Pass
                


                1,847
            



                285
            


                    Princeton
                


                1,832
            



                286
            


                    Winnsboro
                


                1,826
            



                287
            


                    Wills Point
                


                1,792
            



                288
            


                    Perryton
                


                1,791
            



                289
            


                    Groves
                


                1,786
            



                290
            


                    Breckenridge
                


                1,774
            



                291
            


                    Pilot Point
                


                1,773
            



                292
            


                    Vernon
                


                1,757
            



                293
            


                    Gladewater
                


                1,746
            



                294
            


                    Bonham
                


                1,740
            



                295
            


                    Seminole
                


                1,736
            



                296
            


                    Quinlan
                


                1,729
            



                297
            


                    Sweetwater
                


                1,729
            



                298
            


                    Clute
                


                1,718
            



                299
            


                    Caldwell
                


                1,716
            



                300
            


                    Anna
                


                1,709
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Waco, Texas Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Waco, TX Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Texas








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Matt McGee
Regie Hudgins










Freedom Equipment Rental, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Larry Cathey










Swartz Investments LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brett D. Swartz










Swartz Investments II LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brett D. Swartz
Lesley A. Swartz










Gn Media, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clare E. Kramer
Brian R. Keathley
Brijesh M. Desai










McGregor Senior Care, L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Bumpass
Jack Cook
Michael Humpass










Lakeland West Capital, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
J. Heyward Taylor
Carlisle Taylor Whitworth 2012 Tr
Nathaniel Heyward Taylor 2012 Tru










Rk Utilities Inc.

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ray Lyons
Kathy Lyons










The Bucket Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bryce R. Jurss










Synesource Management Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Meredith Cawthron
Wesley Gilliland
Jeffrey P. Madison










Carrodus Asset Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad P. Carrodus










Allied Performance Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James D. Recks
Susan Recks










Castle Peak Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jerry M. Watkins
R. Scott Watkins










Magnolia Personnel Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ken Mathis
Jerry Stevens
Chip Gaines










White Buffalo Provisions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        










Brazos Energy Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Philip M. Curry
Aimee C. Curry










Centex Wayne Enterprises, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Hillman
Brent M. Wilson
Korbett Roberts










Sb Contractors LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Thomas Michael Beaird
Steven Beaird
William S. Simpson










Vfc Partners 33 LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fc Imperial Holdings LLC
Vfc Member 3 Lp
Jeffrey Thuringer










Parsons Group Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
George Lewis Parsons










Fh Partners LLC

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James T. Sartain
James C. Holmes
Kathy S. McNair










J & C Morin, Company

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John A. Morin
Carolyne S. Morin










The Slick Corporation

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Walter
Sherry Wilson
Roger B. Wilson










Gilliam Contracting, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert D. Gilliam
Faye Robinson
Teresa R. Gilliam










Extraco Corporation

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
S. Spencer N Brown
Boyce S. Brown
Ivan Green










Frontera Development, L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Felton










Lr Commercial Construction, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Vandiver
Bert Vandiver
Frank Jennings










Calavar Corporation

                                                
                                                    Waco, TX
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ray Fritel




















                    Recently found companies in Waco
                





Company
Found




Chuck's Gourmet Popcorn, L.L.C.


                19 days ago
            



Kws 721, LLC


                19 days ago
            



Aberdeen Leasing, LLC


                19 days ago
            



Junction Publishing Company, LLC


                19 days ago
            



A1 Dirtwork LLC


                19 days ago
            



MS3 Holdings LLC


                19 days ago
            



Miracle Way Construction, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Nva Waco Veterinary Management, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Teal Trophy Homes, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Jm Installation LLC


                24 days ago
            



Monarch Pony Express, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Kjn Builders, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Rri Investments LLC


                24 days ago
            



Jungle Book Entertainment, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Mad Dash Touring LLC


                24 days ago
            



Louis Brown & Co Pllc


                24 days ago
            



Bcb Development LLC


                24 days ago
            



Trisco Solutions, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



Guest Roofing Services, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



Chambers Five, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Thoron LLC


                25 days ago
            



Bvc Sales & Marketing, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Anson Minor Properties, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Hot Concession Services, Inc.


                26 days ago
            



Woodgate Circle LLC


                26 days ago
            



Reading PA Homecare, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Central Oklahoma Homecare, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Brigman and Phythian Fashions, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Veteran Art Therapy


                26 days ago
            



Carpenter Boen LLC


                26 days ago
            



Ch Rentals LLC


                26 days ago
            



Clowdaltex LLC


                26 days ago
            



Pupilight LLC


                26 days ago
            



Jzl Holdings, Lp


                26 days ago
            



Jzl Holdings Gp, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Tradecap Partners, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Ironclad Financial Group LLC


                26 days ago
            



Texas Welding Company, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Chalk Bluff Motors, LLC


                26 days ago
            



Smokingmeatsbbq, Inc.


                26 days ago
            



Skyline Family Farm, LLC


                30 days ago
            



V&L Homes, LLC


                30 days ago
            



151 Dickson Development, LLC


                30 days ago
            



Diligent & Steadfast Asset Management, LLC


                30 days ago
            



Martin Industrial Storage, LLC


                30 days ago
            



Randy's Quality Cars LLC


                1 month ago
            



Cotulla Sai LLC


                1 month ago
            



Dmatwood Rentals, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Iphone MD LLC


                1 month ago
            



Littrell Outdoor Advertising, LLC


                1 month ago
            








Top cities in Texas





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Houston
                


                777,641
            



                2
            


                    Dallas
                


                513,411
            



                3
            


                    Austin
                


                380,781
            



                4
            


                    San Antonio
                


                260,099
            



                5
            


                    Fort Worth
                


                158,161
            



                6
            


                    Plano
                


                107,168
            



                7
            


                    El Paso
                


                84,648
            



                8
            


                    Arlington
                


                75,330
            



                9
            


                    Spring
                


                73,844
            



                10
            


                    Irving
                


                63,251
            



                11
            


                    Sugar Land
                


                51,847
            



                12
            


                    Corpus Christi
                


                50,090
            



                13
            


                    Katy
                


                49,285
            



                14
            


                    Lubbock
                


                46,072
            



                15
            


                    Frisco
                


                42,457
            



                16
            


                    Richardson
                


                41,547
            



                17
            


                    Carrollton
                


                40,533
            



                18
            


                    Garland
                


                38,555
            



                19
            


                    Amarillo
                


                37,519
            



                20
            


                    Midland
                


                37,097
            



                21
            


                    McAllen
                


                36,297
            



                22
            


                    Laredo
                


                35,962
            



                23
            


                    McKinney
                


                35,373
            



                24
            


                    Tyler
                


                30,765
            



                25
            


                    Grand Prairie
                


                27,980
            



                26
            


                    Beaumont
                


                27,001
            



                27
            


                    Round Rock
                


                26,780
            



                28
            


                    Lewisville
                


                26,549
            



                29
            


                    Conroe
                


                25,936
            



                30
            


                    Cypress
                


                25,597
            



                31
            


                    Waco
                


                24,288
            



                32
            


                    Humble
                


                23,817
            



                33
            


                    Addison
                


                23,368
            



                34
            


                    Denton
                


                23,265
            



                35
            


                    Allen
                


                23,112
            



                36
            


                    Pearland
                


                22,928
            



                37
            


                    Odessa
                


                21,260
            



                38
            


                    Mesquite
                


                21,161
            



                39
            


                    Longview
                


                20,852
            



                40
            


                    Brownsville
                


                20,707
            



                41
            


                    Missouri City
                


                20,627
            



                42
            


                    Abilene
                


                20,381
            



                43
            


                    Flower Mound
                


                19,737
            



                44
            


                    Richmond
                


                19,528
            



                45
            


                    Southlake
                


                19,358
            



                46
            


                    The Woodlands
                


                18,345
            



                47
            


                    New Braunfels
                


                18,018
            



                48
            


                    Grapevine
                


                17,447
            



                49
            


                    Pasadena
                


                16,913
            



                50
            


                    Wichita Falls
                


                16,843
            



                51
            


                    Rockwall
                


                16,801
            



                52
            


                    Georgetown
                


                16,450
            



                53
            


                    Tomball
                


                15,974
            



                54
            


                    Cedar Park
                


                15,539
            



                55
            


                    Kingwood
                


                15,495
            



                56
            


                    College Station
                


                15,416
            



                57
            


                    Keller
                


                15,321
            



                58
            


                    Mission
                


                15,267
            



                59
            


                    San Angelo
                


                15,093
            



                60
            


                    Mansfield
                


                14,528
            



                61
            


                    Bryan
                


                14,380
            



                62
            


                    League City
                


                14,301
            



                63
            


                    Boerne
                


                14,181
            



                64
            


                    Coppell
                


                14,076
            



                65
            


                    Weatherford
                


                13,975
            



                66
            


                    Edinburg
                


                13,751
            



                67
            


                    Colleyville
                


                13,563
            



                68
            


                    Killeen
                


                13,551
            



                69
            


                    Kerrville
                


                13,532
            



                70
            


                    North Richland Hills
                


                13,237
            



                71
            


                    Victoria
                


                13,176
            



                72
            


                    Bedford
                


                12,909
            



                73
            


                    Stafford
                


                12,726
            



                74
            


                    Bellaire
                


                12,668
            



                75
            


                    Baytown
                


                12,665
            



                76
            


                    Friendswood
                


                12,127
            



                77
            


                    Magnolia
                


                11,970
            



                78
            


                    Montgomery
                


                11,470
            



                79
            


                    Harlingen
                


                11,447
            



                80
            


                    Hurst
                


                11,266
            



                81
            


                    Pflugerville
                


                11,237
            



                82
            


                    Burleson
                


                11,139
            



                83
            


                    Granbury
                


                11,125
            



                84
            


                    Temple
                


                11,122
            



                85
            


                    Euless
                


                11,034
            



                86
            


                    Desoto
                


                11,000
            



                87
            


                    Rowlett
                


                10,878
            



                88
            


                    Texarkana
                


                10,573
            



                89
            


                    Galveston
                


                10,572
            



                90
            


                    Leander
                


                10,303
            



                91
            


                    Lufkin
                


                9,839
            



                92
            


                    Cedar Hill
                


                9,817
            



                93
            


                    San Marcos
                


                9,554
            



                94
            


                    Sherman
                


                8,532
            



                95
            


                    Duncanville
                


                8,302
            



                96
            


                    Waxahachie
                


                8,096
            



                97
            


                    Pharr
                


                7,867
            



                98
            


                    Wylie
                


                7,717
            



                99
            


                    Nacogdoches
                


                7,625
            



                100
            


                    The Colony
                


                7,241
            



                101
            


                    Cleburne
                


                6,816
            



                102
            


                    Seguin
                


                6,773
            



                103
            


                    Paris
                


                6,715
            



                104
            


                    Huntsville
                


                6,652
            



                105
            


                    Roanoke
                


                6,410
            



                106
            


                    Fredericksburg
                


                6,392
            



                107
            


                    Port Arthur
                


                6,338
            



                108
            


                    Alvin
                


                6,003
            



                109
            


                    Weslaco
                


                5,942
            



                110
            


                    Orange
                


                5,870
            



                111
            


                    Haltom City
                


                5,861
            



                112
            


                    La Porte
                


                5,775
            



                113
            


                    Dripping Springs
                


                5,764
            



                114
            


                    Webster
                


                5,715
            



                115
            


                    Helotes
                


                5,607
            



                116
            


                    Marshall
                


                5,555
            



                117
            


                    Seabrook
                


                5,456
            



                118
            


                    Lancaster
                


                5,454
            



                119
            


                    Dickinson
                


                5,415
            



                120
            


                    Forney
                


                5,414
            



                121
            


                    Rosenberg
                


                5,371
            



                122
            


                    Midlothian
                


                5,356
            



                123
            


                    Brenham
                


                5,342
            



                124
            


                    Argyle
                


                5,307
            



                125
            


                    Little Elm
                


                5,306
            



                126
            


                    Belton
                


                5,305
            



                127
            


                    Red Oak
                


                5,219
            



                128
            


                    Gainesville
                


                5,104
            



                129
            


                    Marble Falls
                


                5,065
            



                130
            


                    Texas City
                


                5,015
            



                131
            


                    Willis
                


                4,999
            



                132
            


                    Terrell
                


                4,997
            



                133
            


                    Schertz
                


                4,976
            



                134
            


                    Livingston
                


                4,961
            



                135
            


                    Greenville
                


                4,946
            



                136
            


                    Denison
                


                4,898
            



                137
            


                    Deer Park
                


                4,758
            



                138
            


                    Corsicana
                


                4,755
            



                139
            


                    Stephenville
                


                4,695
            



                140
            


                    Azle
                


                4,692
            



                141
            


                    Bastrop
                


                4,642
            



                142
            


                    Buda
                


                4,633
            



                143
            


                    Wimberley
                


                4,601
            



                144
            


                    Nederland
                


                4,552
            



                145
            


                    Rockport
                


                4,476
            



                146
            


                    Palestine
                


                4,475
            



                147
            


                    Lake Jackson
                


                4,415
            



                148
            


                    Athens
                


                4,402
            



                149
            


                    Kilgore
                


                4,388
            



                150
            


                    Kyle
                


                4,328
            



                151
            


                    Woodway
                


                4,247
            



                152
            


                    Aledo
                


                4,155
            



                153
            


                    Del Rio
                


                4,122
            



                154
            


                    Eagle Pass
                


                4,106
            



                155
            


                    Crosby
                


                4,026
            



                156
            


                    Decatur
                


                4,015
            



                157
            


                    Big Spring
                


                3,987
            



                158
            


                    Prosper
                


                3,981
            



                159
            


                    Cleveland
                


                3,974
            



                160
            


                    Porter
                


                3,971
            



                161
            


                    Sulphur Springs
                


                3,955
            



                162
            


                    Spring Branch
                


                3,898
            



                163
            


                    Spicewood
                


                3,845
            



                164
            


                    Alice
                


                3,828
            



                165
            


                    Ennis
                


                3,781
            



                166
            


                    Brownwood
                


                3,743
            



                167
            


                    West Lake Hills
                


                3,731
            



                168
            


                    Manvel
                


                3,608
            



                169
            


                    Angleton
                


                3,603
            



                170
            


                    Channelview
                


                3,599
            



                171
            


                    Harker Heights
                


                3,592
            



                172
            


                    Lakeway
                


                3,580
            



                173
            


                    Converse
                


                3,516
            



                174
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                3,495
            



                175
            


                    Canyon Lake
                


                3,489
            



                176
            


                    Sachse
                


                3,476
            



                177
            


                    Plainview
                


                3,466
            



                178
            


                    Hutto
                


                3,449
            



                179
            


                    Royse City
                


                3,435
            



                180
            


                    Pampa
                


                3,427
            



                181
            


                    Henderson
                


                3,425
            



                182
            


                    Aubrey
                


                3,404
            



                183
            


                    Crowley
                


                3,381
            



                184
            


                    Kemah
                


                3,381
            



                185
            


                    Haslet
                


                3,345
            



                186
            


                    Graham
                


                3,329
            



                187
            


                    Farmers Branch
                


                3,248
            



                188
            


                    Jacksonville
                


                3,204
            



                189
            


                    Canyon
                


                3,117
            



                190
            


                    Copperas Cove
                


                3,081
            



                191
            


                    Mineral Wells
                


                3,042
            



                192
            


                    San Benito
                


                3,039
            



                193
            


                    Lindale
                


                3,019
            



                194
            


                    El Campo
                


                2,993
            



                195
            


                    Universal City
                


                2,955
            



                196
            


                    Bulverde
                


                2,918
            



                197
            


                    Mabank
                


                2,917
            



                198
            


                    Vidor
                


                2,911
            



                199
            


                    Bay City
                


                2,904
            



                200
            


                    Burnet
                


                2,839
            



                201
            


                    Lumberton
                


                2,799
            



                202
            


                    Kingsville
                


                2,756
            



                203
            


                    Center
                


                2,744
            



                204
            


                    Cibolo
                


                2,729
            



                205
            


                    Kaufman
                


                2,721
            



                206
            


                    Uvalde
                


                2,700
            



                207
            


                    Hereford
                


                2,690
            



                208
            


                    Elgin
                


                2,684
            



                209
            


                    Santa Fe
                


                2,654
            



                210
            


                    Gilmer
                


                2,632
            



                211
            


                    Dayton
                


                2,578
            



                212
            


                    Canton
                


                2,563
            



                213
            


                    San Juan
                


                2,556
            



                214
            


                    Fresno
                


                2,548
            



                215
            


                    Floresville
                


                2,513
            



                216
            


                    Taylor
                


                2,498
            



                217
            


                    South Padre Island
                


                2,496
            



                218
            


                    Murphy
                


                2,494
            



                219
            


                    Sanger
                


                2,489
            



                220
            


                    Rosharon
                


                2,488
            



                221
            


                    Celina
                


                2,486
            



                222
            


                    Hidalgo
                


                2,469
            



                223
            


                    Beeville
                


                2,466
            



                224
            


                    New Caney
                


                2,457
            



                225
            


                    Fulshear
                


                2,449
            



                226
            


                    Manor
                


                2,447
            



                227
            


                    Carthage
                


                2,412
            



                228
            


                    Liberty Hill
                


                2,393
            



                229
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                2,381
            



                230
            


                    Jasper
                


                2,375
            



                231
            


                    Portland
                


                2,361
            



                232
            


                    La Grange
                


                2,359
            



                233
            


                    Robstown
                


                2,349
            



                234
            


                    South Houston
                


                2,343
            



                235
            


                    Sealy
                


                2,327
            



                236
            


                    Horseshoe Bay
                


                2,316
            



                237
            


                    Springtown
                


                2,311
            



                238
            


                    Levelland
                


                2,308
            



                239
            


                    Flint
                


                2,297
            



                240
            


                    Rio Grande City
                


                2,294
            



                241
            


                    Lake Dallas
                


                2,283
            



                242
            


                    Alvarado
                


                2,281
            



                243
            


                    Lockhart
                


                2,260
            



                244
            


                    Whitehouse
                


                2,228
            



                245
            


                    Waller
                


                2,212
            



                246
            


                    Donna
                


                2,207
            



                247
            


                    La Marque
                


                2,191
            



                248
            


                    Gatesville
                


                2,179
            



                249
            


                    Liberty
                


                2,159
            



                250
            


                    Hempstead
                


                2,157
            



                251
            


                    Justin
                


                2,150
            



                252
            


                    Snyder
                


                2,149
            



                253
            


                    Huffman
                


                2,137
            



                254
            


                    Silsbee
                


                2,127
            



                255
            


                    Navasota
                


                2,126
            



                256
            


                    Andrews
                


                2,111
            



                257
            


                    Benbrook
                


                2,084
            



                258
            


                    Hockley
                


                2,080
            



                259
            


                    Bellville
                


                2,076
            



                260
            


                    Bridgeport
                


                2,065
            



                261
            


                    Kennedale
                


                2,064
            



                262
            


                    Port Neches
                


                2,061
            



                263
            


                    Alamo
                


                2,058
            



                264
            


                    Joshua
                


                2,053
            



                265
            


                    Wharton
                


                2,046
            



                266
            


                    Seagoville
                


                2,043
            



                267
            


                    Dumas
                


                2,041
            



                268
            


                    Lampasas
                


                2,033
            



                269
            


                    Mineola
                


                2,023
            



                270
            


                    Dalhart
                


                2,021
            



                271
            


                    Hewitt
                


                2,013
            



                272
            


                    Port Aransas
                


                2,004
            



                273
            


                    Port Lavaca
                


                1,993
            



                274
            


                    Freeport
                


                1,992
            



                275
            


                    Salado
                


                1,985
            



                276
            


                    Bullard
                


                1,957
            



                277
            


                    Borger
                


                1,944
            



                278
            


                    Gonzales
                


                1,938
            



                279
            


                    Bowie
                


                1,902
            



                280
            


                    Corinth
                


                1,890
            



                281
            


                    Bandera
                


                1,889
            



                282
            


                    Hondo
                


                1,887
            



                283
            


                    Crockett
                


                1,870
            



                284
            


                    Aransas Pass
                


                1,847
            



                285
            


                    Princeton
                


                1,832
            



                286
            


                    Winnsboro
                


                1,826
            



                287
            


                    Wills Point
                


                1,792
            



                288
            


                    Perryton
                


                1,791
            



                289
            


                    Groves
                


                1,786
            



                290
            


                    Breckenridge
                


                1,774
            



                291
            


                    Pilot Point
                


                1,773
            



                292
            


                    Vernon
                


                1,757
            



                293
            


                    Gladewater
                


                1,746
            



                294
            


                    Bonham
                


                1,740
            



                295
            


                    Seminole
                


                1,736
            



                296
            


                    Quinlan
                


                1,729
            



                297
            


                    Sweetwater
                


                1,729
            



                298
            


                    Clute
                


                1,718
            



                299
            


                    Caldwell
                


                1,716
            



                300
            


                    Anna
                


                1,709
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.























ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


















































HomeIntroPeopleApproachServicesPlanning Interactive PlannerResearchContact 



ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENTMatching Assets to plans in a low risk style.Read More




Intro





AN INTRODUCTION We are a boutique investment advisory firm.  We help you, whether as an individual, a foundation and or as part of a company, invest your assets.  Our approach is simple.  We study your commitments and invest according to them.  We look at when you need funds, what kind of tax impact there might be and, when there is an emergency, what options are available.  We do not subject you to the periodic fads which overtake the marketplace.  We recommend long-term effectiveness rather than short-term speculation.  Our mission and primary motivation is to help you match your assets with your commitments in a comfortable, low-risk way so that you can live better.  Our compensation structure is fee-based, in order to minimize misalignment between you and us.  Further, our compensation does not include the widely used "profit participations" as we believe that these structures are excessively expensive.  We believe that a "flat percentage of assets under management" fee is understandable, can be structured fairly and is likely to be mutually agreeable over the long run if the job is well done.  To further protect against misalignment, we commit our own personal assets to the same portfolio stocks which we purchase for you.  We believe that a good investment is a good investment, regardless of age, income or net worth.We provide this website in order to deepen your understanding of our investment process. By providing planning interactive tools, recent research on companies purchased and specific commentary, we hope to provide you the investment confidence so critical in reducing emotional reactivity.  You are an important partner in delivering superior results. Let's start your plan.










People







Joel Adam, CFAInvestment ManagerJoel graduated from Baylor University with a BBA and MBA and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.Read More Charles G. BurnsInvestment ManagerCharles graduated from Texas A&M University with a BBA in Accounting.Scott Granowski, CFAInvestment ManagerScott graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with honors and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.Read More Derek RichardsTrader - OperationsDerek graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Texas at Arlington with a BBA in Finance.Robert Stovall, CPAOperationsRobert graduated from the University of Texas with a BBA in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant.Joyce BellClient ServicesBrings 25+ years experience in office administration, customer service and accounting.Margie SheltonClient ServicesBrings many years experience in office administration and customer service. 






Approach





OUR ADVISORY APPROACH  Three PrinciplesAcademy Capital Management's approach begins with several important principles.  The first principle is liquidity.  While illiquid investments, such as private placements, may yield higher returns at certain times, your portfolios are invested so that you may easily withdraw 100% of the funds in cash.  There are no "lock-up" periods and no "gated" funds nor are there illiquid investments requiring a "like kind" distribution.  The liquidity also means that the prices of portfolio investments are set by the market, not by the investment manager - as often occurs with illiquid investments. The second principle is "margin of safety."  Our focus means paying a reduced price which helps protect your capital against unforeseen risks.  This reduced price provides a "margin of safety," causing us to see greater safety and better opportunities where others are only seeing lower prices.  The volatility of markets are invaluable in our quest for a "margin of safety" and cause us to disagree with theories, such as Modern Portfolio Theory (MPT), which associate greater volatility with greater risk. The third principle is matching liabilities with assets.  You have goals with varying time horizons, ranging from short-term - such as tax payments, to intermediate - such as college funding, and long term - such as retirement funding.  As we become aware of these differences, we identify which of our investments may be appropriate for you.  The nature of your commitments determine our investment selection.   We believe these commitments or liabilities best define your asset allocation by comparing the required distribution or growth rates with the yields that various portfolio investments generate, both historically and currently. Based on these principles, we limit our investments to selecting opportunistically from money market accounts (MMA), U.S. government bonds (USG), U.S. government Treasury Inflation Protection securities (TIPS) and common stocks.  We do not invest in commodities, because our preference is to invest in an asset class that is productive and does not depend on price rise potential.  We do not invest in non-U.S. listed common stocks because we do not adequately understand foreign exchanges.  Each category of investments that we use has its respective merits.  For goals which are short-term, we recommend MMAs and USGs, whereas for intermediate and long-term goals, we recommend a combination of TIPS and common stocks.  Client CommunicationsWe communicate with you through a quarterly letter which discusses the current investing environment, our firm's investment results and our thoughts.  These quarterly letters are supplemented with telephone calls, personal meetings and this website.  By using the website, we make available to you resources that allow timely access to comprehending our process. If you have greater clarity about our investment process, it is more likely that your emotions will not become an impediment to investment success.  The internet also allows us to communicate efficiently with you while maintaining our focus on the investment process.  Get Started Here 



















Services







Financial ManagementAll of our services are directed toward managing your portfolios.Learn More 




Interactive Planner









First Step Financial PlannerFull Name   E-mail   Birth Year   Expected Longevity   All information is strictly for use by Academy Capital Management and kept confidential.  We will never distribute, sell or disseminate any client information under any circumstance. Submit









Research







CompaniesLearn MoreLettersLearn MoreResearchLearn More 



Contact








500 North Valley Mills Drive          Suite 200      Waco, TX 76710

254-751-0555
254-751-0611
 Monday - Friday 
7:00 AM to 4:00 PM






















Contact Us















 1-254-751-0555
 500 North Valley Mills Drive Suite 200 Waco, TX, United States

































ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


















































HomeIntroPeopleApproachServicesPlanning Interactive PlannerResearchContact 



ACADEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENTMatching Assets to plans in a low risk style.Read More




Intro





AN INTRODUCTION We are a boutique investment advisory firm.  We help you, whether as an individual, a foundation and or as part of a company, invest your assets.  Our approach is simple.  We study your commitments and invest according to them.  We look at when you need funds, what kind of tax impact there might be and, when there is an emergency, what options are available.  We do not subject you to the periodic fads which overtake the marketplace.  We recommend long-term effectiveness rather than short-term speculation.  Our mission and primary motivation is to help you match your assets with your commitments in a comfortable, low-risk way so that you can live better.  Our compensation structure is fee-based, in order to minimize misalignment between you and us.  Further, our compensation does not include the widely used "profit participations" as we believe that these structures are excessively expensive.  We believe that a "flat percentage of assets under management" fee is understandable, can be structured fairly and is likely to be mutually agreeable over the long run if the job is well done.  To further protect against misalignment, we commit our own personal assets to the same portfolio stocks which we purchase for you.  We believe that a good investment is a good investment, regardless of age, income or net worth.We provide this website in order to deepen your understanding of our investment process. By providing planning interactive tools, recent research on companies purchased and specific commentary, we hope to provide you the investment confidence so critical in reducing emotional reactivity.  You are an important partner in delivering superior results. Let's start your plan.










People







Joel Adam, CFAInvestment ManagerJoel graduated from Baylor University with a BBA and MBA and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.Read More Charles G. BurnsInvestment ManagerCharles graduated from Texas A&M University with a BBA in Accounting.Scott Granowski, CFAInvestment ManagerScott graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with honors and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.Read More Derek RichardsTrader - OperationsDerek graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Texas at Arlington with a BBA in Finance.Robert Stovall, CPAOperationsRobert graduated from the University of Texas with a BBA in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant.Joyce BellClient ServicesBrings 25+ years experience in office administration, customer service and accounting.Margie SheltonClient ServicesBrings many years experience in office administration and customer service. 






Approach





OUR ADVISORY APPROACH  Three PrinciplesAcademy Capital Management's approach begins with several important principles.  The first principle is liquidity.  While illiquid investments, such as private placements, may yield higher returns at certain times, your portfolios are invested so that you may easily withdraw 100% of the funds in cash.  There are no "lock-up" periods and no "gated" funds nor are there illiquid investments requiring a "like kind" distribution.  The liquidity also means that the prices of portfolio investments are set by the market, not by the investment manager - as often occurs with illiquid investments. The second principle is "margin of safety."  Our focus means paying a reduced price which helps protect your capital against unforeseen risks.  This reduced price provides a "margin of safety," causing us to see greater safety and better opportunities where others are only seeing lower prices.  The volatility of markets are invaluable in our quest for a "margin of safety" and cause us to disagree with theories, such as Modern Portfolio Theory (MPT), which associate greater volatility with greater risk. The third principle is matching liabilities with assets.  You have goals with varying time horizons, ranging from short-term - such as tax payments, to intermediate - such as college funding, and long term - such as retirement funding.  As we become aware of these differences, we identify which of our investments may be appropriate for you.  The nature of your commitments determine our investment selection.   We believe these commitments or liabilities best define your asset allocation by comparing the required distribution or growth rates with the yields that various portfolio investments generate, both historically and currently. Based on these principles, we limit our investments to selecting opportunistically from money market accounts (MMA), U.S. government bonds (USG), U.S. government Treasury Inflation Protection securities (TIPS) and common stocks.  We do not invest in commodities, because our preference is to invest in an asset class that is productive and does not depend on price rise potential.  We do not invest in non-U.S. listed common stocks because we do not adequately understand foreign exchanges.  Each category of investments that we use has its respective merits.  For goals which are short-term, we recommend MMAs and USGs, whereas for intermediate and long-term goals, we recommend a combination of TIPS and common stocks.  Client CommunicationsWe communicate with you through a quarterly letter which discusses the current investing environment, our firm's investment results and our thoughts.  These quarterly letters are supplemented with telephone calls, personal meetings and this website.  By using the website, we make available to you resources that allow timely access to comprehending our process. If you have greater clarity about our investment process, it is more likely that your emotions will not become an impediment to investment success.  The internet also allows us to communicate efficiently with you while maintaining our focus on the investment process.  Get Started Here 



















Services







Financial ManagementAll of our services are directed toward managing your portfolios.Learn More 




Interactive Planner









First Step Financial PlannerFull Name   E-mail   Birth Year   Expected Longevity   All information is strictly for use by Academy Capital Management and kept confidential.  We will never distribute, sell or disseminate any client information under any circumstance. Submit









Research







CompaniesLearn MoreLettersLearn MoreResearchLearn More 



Contact








500 North Valley Mills Drive          Suite 200      Waco, TX 76710

254-751-0555
254-751-0611
 Monday - Friday 
7:00 AM to 4:00 PM






















Contact Us















 1-254-751-0555
 500 North Valley Mills Drive Suite 200 Waco, TX, United States
























 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


