






Acasti Pharma – RESEARCH EXCELLENCE






































 

 


 







Research Excellence
Acasti’s main mission and top priority is to research and develop innovative and proprietary pharmaceutical products designed to better manage cardiometabolic disorders.

Read more

BIO International Convention 2017June 19, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. PTSan Diego Convention Center, Theater 2

Jan D’Alvise, President and Chief Executive Officer
The MicroCap ConferenceJune 27, 2017 The Sheraton Center Hotel, Toronto

Jan D’Alvise, President and Chief Executive Officer
International Academy of Cardiology Annual Scientific Sessions 2017 22nd World Congress on Heart DiseaseJuly 14, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. PTThe Hyatt Regency Vancouver, Hall A

Laurent Harvey,  B. Pharm. M.Sc., Vice President, Clinical and Non-clinical Affairs



CaPre®Acasti Pharma is advancing a potentially best-in-class omega-3 therapeutic for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia.
Our ScienceSourced from krill, CaPre® is designed to deliver a trifecta of cardiometabolic health benefits to patients in need.
The TeamOur passionate executives and scientists bring decades of experience developing and commercializing novel therapeutics.

  















Scroll to top










News & Investors – Acasti Pharma








































 

 


 








Acasti Pharma Provides Investor Update June 2017Listen

Press Releases
 2017


CORRECTION: Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options
2017-06-16
Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options
2017-06-14
Acasti Pharma To Present at Upcoming International Industry Conferences
2017-06-12
Acasti Pharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Financial Results
2017-06-06
Acasti Pharma and CordenPharma Announce Large Scale Production of CaPre® with New Continuous Manufacturing Process
2017-05-31
Acasti Pharma Presents CaPre Clinical Data at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions
2017-05-18
Acasti Granted Additional Composition & Use Patents in Taiwan and Australia; Safeguards Valuable Market Expansion Opportunities
2017-04-24
Acasti Pharma to Present CaPre Omega-3 Bridging Study Results at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions
2017-04-12
Acasti Pharma Provides Update On CaPre Phase 3 Development Program
2017-03-30
Acasti Pharma Forms Scientific Advisory Board and Appoints Two Leading Cardiovascular Disease Experts
2017-03-08
Acasti Pharma Grants Incentive Stock and Options
2017-02-24
Acasti Pharma Announces Closings of Concurrent Public Offering of Units and Private Placement of Convertible Debentures and Warrants
2017-02-21
Acasti Pharma Announces Pricing for its Public Offering of Units
2017-02-10
Acasti Pharma Announces Proposed Private Placement of Convertible Debentures and Amended Proposed Offering of Units
2017-02-02
Acasti Pharma Reports Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results
2017-01-12



 2016


Acasti Pharma Announces Proposed Offering of Units
2016-12-05
Acasti Pharma Appoints Linda O’Keefe as Chief Financial Officer
2016-11-28
Acasti Announces Stock Ticker Symbol Change to ACST on the TSXV
2016-11-03
Acasti Pharma Builds Intellectual Property Portfolio with Newly Issued U.S. Patent for CaPre
2016-10-26
Acasti Pharma Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
2016-10-11
Acasti Pharma Reports Positive CaPre Omega-3 Bridging Study Data
2016-09-14
Acasti Announces the Election of its Directors, Change of Fiscal Year End and Other Related Matters Passed at its AGM
2016-07-15
Acasti Announces First Quarter Results
2016-07-11
Acasti Announces Grant of Stock Options
2016-05-30
Acasti Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results
2016-05-25
Jan D’Alvise Appointed President & CEO of Acasti Pharma
2016-05-12
Nasdaq Grants Acasti Cure Period to Regain Compliance with Audit Committee Membership Requirements
2016-03-25
Acasti Announces Management Appointment and Changes to the Board of Directors
2016-03-01
Acasti Announces Share-for-Debt
2016-02-05

Acasti Announces Third Quarter Results
2016-01-12
Acasti & Neptune Enter Into Transactional Arrangement & Sign Operational Agreements
2016-01-07



 2015


Acasti Provides Update on CaPre® Development Pathway
2015-12-16
Acasti Granted Composition & Use Patent in Japan, Taiwan and Mexico
2015-12-01
Acasti Announces Second Quarter Results
2015-10-14
Acasti Announces 1-for-10 Reverse Stock Split
2015-09-29
Acasti Announces Grant of Stock Options
2015-08-19
Mario Paradis Appointed CFO of Neptune and Acasti
2015-08-05
Acasti Announces First Quarter Results
2015-07-13
Acasti Announces Grant of Stock Options
2015-06-01
Acasti Announces New Board of Director Nominees for Election at Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders
2015-05-27
Acasti Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results
2015-05-27
Acasti Receives Extension to Regain Compliance With NASDAQ Minimum Bid Price Rule
2015-05-11
Acasti Announces Departure of Chief Financial Officer
2015-04-29
Acasti Granted Composition & Use Patent in China
2015-03-25
USPTO Issues Positive Decision That Triggers Royalty Payments to Neptune
2015-03-23
Acasti Receives Full Data for Phase II TRIFECTA Trial
2015-03-02
Acasti Announces Third Quarter Results
2015-01-13



 2014


Acasti Receives NASDAQ Notification Regarding Minimum Bid Requirements
2014-11-11
Acasti Announces Grant of Stock Options
2014-10-20
Acasti Announces Second Quarter Results
2014-10-14
Acasti Announces Positive Top-Line Pharmacokinetic Results
2014-09-30
Acasti Reports Successful CaPre(R) Phase II TRIFECTA Results Proving Statistically Significant Improvements in Triglycerides & Non-HDL-C
2014-09-29
Acasti Announces First Quarter Results
2014-07-15
Acasti Completes Phase II Double Blind (TRIFECTA) and Pharmacokinetic Trials
2014-07-09
Acasti Grants of Stock Options
2014-06-26
Acasti Announces Oral Presentation on  COLT Study Results at 19th World Congress on Heart Disease in Boston
2014-06-24
Acasti Reports Results of Annual and Special Meeting
2014-06-20
Acasti Announces Resignation of Chief Financial Officer
2014-06-16
Neptune, Acasti and NeuroBioPharm Announce Litigation Regarding its Former Chief Executive Officer
2014-05-30
Neptune, Acasti and NeuroBioPharm Announce Appointment of Interim CEO
2014-05-23
Acasti Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results
2014-05-21
Acasti to Present at Two Scientific Forums
2014-05-01
Neptune, Acasti and NeuroBioPharm Announce Resignation of Chief Executive Officer
2014-04-28
Neptune and Enzymotec Conclude Final Patent Infringement Settlement and License Agreement
2014-04-28
Neptune & Acasti Give Update on Patent Litigations with Enzymotec
2014-04-01
Acasti and Neptune Provide Update on Patent Litigations with Enzymotec
2014-02-14
Acasti Announces Closing of CAD$2.15 Million Private Placement
2014-02-07
Acasti Announces Third Quarter Results
2014-01-14
FDA Clears Acasti’s Investigational New Drug Submission to Conduct PK Trial
2014-01-09





Financial ReportsQuarterly Reports

 2017


Q1 2016-17 Financial Statements
Q1 2016-17 MD&A
Q2 2016-17 Financial Statements
Q2 2016-17 MD&A
Q3 2016-17 Financial Statements
Q3 2016-17 MD&A




 2016


Q1 2015-16 Financial Statements
Q1 2015-16 MD&A
Q2 2015-16 Financial Statements
Q2 2015-16 MD&A
Q3 2015-16 Financial Statements
Q3 2015-16 MD&A



 2015


Q1 2014-15 Financial Statements
Q1 2014-15 MD&A
Q2 2014-15 Financial Statements
Q2 2014-15 MD&A
Q3 2014-15 Financial Statements
Q3 2014-15 MD&A



 2014


Q1 2013-14 Financial Statements
Q1 2013-14 MD&A
Q2 2013-14 Financial Statements
Q2 2013-14 MD&A
Q3 2013-14 Financial Statements
Q3 2013-14 MD&A



Annual Documents

 2017


2017 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2017 ANNUAL MD&A
NOTICE OF MEETING
MANAGEMENT PROXY CIRCULAR
FORM OF PROXY



 2016


2016 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2016 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
FORM OF PROXY
2016 ANNUAL MD&A
MANAGEMENT PROXY CIRCULAR
NOTICE OF MEETING



 2015


2015 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
2015 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FORM OF PROXY
2015 ANNUAL MD&A 
MANAGEMENT PROXY CIRCULAR
NOTICE OF MEETING



 2014


2014 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
2014 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FORM OF PROXY
2014 ANNUAL MD&A
MANAGEMENT PROXY CIRCULAR
NOTICE OF MEETING




Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

  CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS FOR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES   Acasti has adopted the following Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for its Directors, Officers and Employees which sets forth the principles of business ethics to be followed by all directors, officers and employees of the Company.
  
  PURPOSE   The purpose of this Code is to establish minimum guidelines of business conduct required of directors, officers and employees of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for designating appropriate officer(s) or director(s), to implement and monitor compliance with this Code.
  
  REQUIRED BUSINESS CONDUCT OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES   The principles that must be complied with by all directors, officers and employees of the Company under this Code are the following:
  
  CONFLICTS OF INTEREST   The Company reaffirms its confidence in the loyalty and integrity of all members of its staff. It is considered desirable to state the policy of the Company on the subject of conflicts of interest to serve as a guide to directors, officers and other employees.
No director, officer or other employee shall permit private interests to conflict with the proper discharge of his or her official duties, nor shall he or she have or acquire any private interest which will give the appearance of such a conflict.
This Code indicates certain areas in which the policy regarding conflicts of interest has particular application in order that such situations may be avoided; however, ethical action is expected of all directors, officers and employees in all relevant circumstances, whether enumerated or not.
  
  GRATUITIES   No gratuities, whether in the form of gifts or services, should be accepted unless nominal in amount and offered as part of a normal business courtesy.
  
  ENTERTAINMENT   Entertainment is, within limits, a normal part of business activity. However, unusual, excessive or unreasonable entertainment should be avoided.
  
  BUSINESS AFFILIATIONS   The business affiliations of directors, officers and other employees should be a matter of Company record and, should any Board action be required on Company business which may be influenced by an affiliation of one of the directors, the director so involved should bring such affiliation to the attention of the Board and abstain from any vote thereon. Every officer or employee must obtain the approval of the Chief Executive Officer prior to accepting a position as director, partner, officer, consultant or advisor to any other insurance or reinsurance organization or to any other business organization.
  
  INDUSTRY AND CIVIC ACTIVITIES   The Company encourages participation in activities of the Biotechnology industry and those civic activities which are for the public good. It is important, however, that the amount of time devoted thereto does not impair the individual’s ability to fulfill his or her official duties with the Company. With respect to participation in the activities of Biotechnology industry, the approval of the Chief Executive Officer, or such individual(s) as the Chief Executive Officer may designate, must be obtained in each case.
  
  BUSINESS INTERESTS   Directors, officers and other responsible employees, or members of their immediate families must not have any material interest in any organization carrying on business with the Company, except as permitted by applicable laws. Nothing contained herein shall prohibit any corporation or partnership, in which one or more of them is an officer or director or partner, from serving as a depository of the funds or securities of the Company.
  
  CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES   Directors, officers and employees are prohibited from: (a) taking for themselves personal opportunities that are properly within the scope of the Company’s activities, (b) using corporate property, information or position for personal gain, and (c) competing with the Company. The Company’s directors, officers and employees owe a duty to the Company to advance the Company’s legitimate interests to the best of their abilities.
  
  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION   Except as required in the performance of the regular corporate duties of a director, officer or employee of the Company, disclosure or use without authorization of any confidential information relating to the Company is prohibited. Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to the Company or its customers, if disclosed. This prohibition applies specifically (but not exclusively) to inquiries made by the press, investment analysts, investors or others in the financial community. This prohibition also applies to information relating to third parties that the Company has obtained under an obligation of confidentiality, or as a result of a commercial relationship. The obligation to safeguard confidential information continues after one’s employment with the Company has ended. The obligation to maintain the confidentiality of information may be subject to legal or regulatory requirements to disclose that information. In such cases, the Chief Executive Officer will assist in determining what disclosure is required.
  
  ACQUISITIONS, LOANS AND GIFTS FROM THE COMPANY   Except with the prior written approval of the Chief Executive Officer or individual(s) designated by the Chief Executive Officer, a director, officer or employee of the Company (or any member of his or her immediate family) may not acquire property, or receive loans or gifts, from the Company.
  
  DISCLOSURE OF POTENTIAL CONFLICTS   Potential conflicts should be discussed with the Chief Executive Officer. In circumstances where it is unclear as to whether or not such a discussion is required, the director, officer or other employee should err on the side of disclosure. Prior disclosure of a possible conflict of interest does not in itself suggest wrongdoing, but helps eliminate embarrassing misunderstandings and ensures that the duty of loyalty is not inadvertently violated.
  
  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS   The Company is committed to being a good corporate citizen of all the jurisdictions in which it conducts business. Because of this commitment, directors, officers and employees of the Company must comply in all respects with all applicable laws, and rules and regulations, including insider trading, in each jurisdiction in which it does business.
Directors, officers and employees of the Company must cooperate fully with those (including the Chief Financial Officer) responsible for preparing reports filed with the securities regulatory authorities and all other materials that are made available to the investing public to ensure those persons are aware in a timely manner of all information that is required to be disclosed. Directors, officers and employees should also cooperate fully with the independent auditors in their audits and in assisting in the preparation of financial disclosure.
Senior officers of the Company must comply with the Company’s policies on timely disclosure adopted from time to time and provide full, fair, accurate, understandable and timely disclosure in reports and documents filed with, or submitted to, securities regulatory authorities and other materials that are made available to the investing public.
  
  FAIR DEALING AND INTEGRITY   One of the most valuable assets of the Company is its reputation for fairness and integrity. Each director, officer and employee of the Company should deal fairly with the Company’s customers, suppliers, competitors and employees. Employees, directors and officers should not take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair-dealing practice. Directors, officers and employees must not take any action that could undermine that reputation in dealings with the Company’s employees, customers, suppliers or governmental officials.
  
  ACCOUNTING CONTROLS   All transactions shall be properly approved and accurately reflected on the books and records of the Company. Falsification of transactions and Company records or off-the-record trading or other off-the-record business transactions are strictly prohibited and subject to disciplinary action or termination.
  
  PROTECTION AND PROPER USE OF THE COMPANY’S ASSETS   All employees, officers and directors should protect the Company’s assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on the Company’s profitability. All of the Company’s assets should be used for legitimate business purposes.
  
  DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT   The diversity of the Company’s employees is a tremendous asset. The Company is firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment of any kind. Derogatory remarks and inappropriate characterizations of people and companies are prohibited. This applies equally to oral statements, e-mail messages, internal memos and formal reports.
  
  REPORTING OF ANY ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL BEHAVIOR   The Company actively promotes ethical behavior in all its business activities. The Company’s directors, officers and employees are encouraged to speak to their managers or other appropriate personnel at any time if there is any doubt about the best course of action in a particular situation. The Company’s directors, officers and employees are required to report violations of laws, rules, regulations and this Code to their managers, senior management or the Board of Directors, as appropriate. Every reasonable effort will be made to ensure the confidentiality of those furnishing information. The Company will not tolerate retaliation in any form against any person for complaints or reports made in good faith.
  
  WAIVER FOR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS   A waiver of this Code for executive officers or directors will only be granted by the Board of Directors. Any waiver granted (or implicit waiver) will be disclosed to the extent required by applicable law or the rules of any applicable stock exchange.
  

  















Scroll to top










Our Science – Acasti Pharma








































 

 


 







Our Science
Since 2008, Acasti Pharma’s scientists have focused on the research and development of new krill oil-based forms of omega-3 phospholipid therapies for the treatment of cardiometabolic diseases.
Acasti’s lead drug candidate, CaPre, has completed two Phase 1 bioavailability and pharmacokinetic trials in healthy volunteers, and two Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. CaPre is a krill oil-derived mixture of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), primarily composed of omega-3 fatty acids: eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which are present as a combination of phospholipid esters and free fatty acids.

Krill Oil:A Natural Advantage

Sourced from krill oil, CaPre® seeks to reduce triglycerides while also potentially providing beneficial effects on LDL-C and HDL-C in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Since 2008, Acasti Pharma has focused on addressing a critical market need for an effective, safe and well-absorbing omega-3 therapeutic that can make a positive impact on the major blood lipids associated with cardiovascular disease risk.
50 – 60% of omega-3s in CaPre are naturally bound to phospholipids and the other half are “free” fatty acids – both forms are more efficiently absorbed.
Pharmaceutical omega-3s derived from fish oils currently on the market, by contrast, are typically “esterified,” meaning the triglycerides are removed and the omega-3s are chemically linked to ethyl esters, derivatives not found in nature. For optimal bioavailability of esterified omega-3s, patients must consume the product with a fatty meal. However, hypertriglyceridemic patients are typically advised to follow low fat diets. The bioavailability of CaPre is not meaningfully affected by the fat content of a meal consumed prior to drug administration, enabling patients with hypertriglyceridemia to remain on track with their physician-recommended diet.

Trial Results
Addressing the Major Lipids in Hypertriglyceridemia
In both Phase 2 clinical trials (“TRIFECTA” and “COLT”), CaPre was found to be safe and well tolerated at all doses tested, with no serious adverse events that were considered treatment related.
Under both trials, CaPre significantly lowered triglycerides in patients with mild to severe hypertriglyceridemia. But more importantly, CaPre also has demonstrated no deleterious effect on levels of “bad” cholesterol (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or LDL-C). Further, the Phase 2 data indicated that CaPre may potentially reduce LDL-C LDL-C is undesirable because it accumulates in the walls of blood vessels, where it can cause blockages (atherosclerosis).  In these studies, CaPre also reduced non-HDL-C, which includes all cholesterol contained in the bloodstream except HDL-C and is considered to be a useful marker of cardiovascular disease. The COLT data showed a mean increase of 7.7% in HDL-C with CaPre at 4 grams a day (p=0.07). Further studies are required to demonstrate statistical significance with HDL-C.
The TRIFECTA trial confirmed and supported the positive Phase 2 COLT results, on the safety and efficacy of CaPre for the treatment of patients with hypertriglyceridemia. The TRIFECTA trial’s primary endpoint was met, with patients on 1 gram or 2 grams of CaPre achieving a statistically significant mean placebo-adjusted decrease in triglycerides from baseline. In addition, no deleterious effect on LDL-C (bad cholesterol) and a reduction in non-HDL-C were observed without safety concerns.


ACASTI PRESENTS AT 19TH WORLD CONGRESS ON HEART DISEASE (JULY 26, 2014) Topic: Phase II Open Label Trial results



ACASTI PRESENTS AT NATIONAL LIPID ASSOCIATION SCIENTIFIC SESSIONS (MAY 1-4, 2014) Topic: Phase II Open Label (COLT) Trial Results



A Novel Composition and Formulation
CaPre®, Acasti’s prescription drug candidate, is a highly purified omega-3 phospholipid concentrate derived from krill oil.  Acasti’s growing global patent portfolio encompasses CaPre and its composition until expiration in 2030.
Acasti currently holds 14 composition of matter and method of use patents in the U.S., China, Japan and Australia, with an additional 20 patents pending in 19 countries.

CAPRE REGULATORY STRATEGY  
In 2016, Acasti completed a comparative bioavailability bridging study comparing CaPre to the marketed omega-3 prescription drug LOVAZA as a means of establishing a scientific bridge between the two.  The study successfully met its primary objective, which is expected to support Acasti’s strategy to pursue the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for approval. This regulatory pathway allows the applicant to streamline the overall development program required to support a new drug application (NDA) by relying on the safety data of an approved drug. By referencing substantial clinical and nonclinical data already available with LOVAZA, Acasti intends to be able to streamline the overall CaPre development program required to support the NDA submission. The company aims to meet with the FDA in early 2017 to confirm this regulatory approach, and to finalize the protocol for the Phase 3 trial needed for NDA approval. The company’s next step is to complete all remaining clinical, manufacturing and regulatory activities to be “Phase-3 ready”.
Acasti’s open-label, randomized, four-way, cross-over, bioavailability study (the bridging study) compared CaPre given as a single dose of 4 grams in fasting and fed states with the approved hypertriglyceridemia drug LOVAZA (omega-3-acid ethyl esters) in 56 healthy volunteers. The study met its primary objective and demonstrated that the levels of omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) following administration of CaPre did not exceed the levels following administration of LOVAZA in subjects who were fed a high-fat meal. These results are expected to support the basis for claiming a comparable safety profile of the two products (subject to confirmation with the FDA at the end of phase 2 meeting).
Among subjects in the fasting state, CaPre demonstrated better bioavailability than LOVAZA, as measured by superior blood levels of EPA and DHA. Based on the results obtained in another pharmacokinetic study (CAP13-101), the bioavailability of CaPre is not meaningfully affected by the fat content of a meal consumed prior to drug administration. We believe this could represent a significant clinical and marketing advantage over LOVAZA and feature of CaPre since the administration with a low-fat meal represents a more appropriate regimen for patients with hypertriglyceridemia who follow a physician-recommended, restricted diet.
Other key elements of Acasti’s strategy include pursuing development and/or distribution partnerships to support the commercialization of CaPre in the United States and in other global markets. Acasti may pursue strategic opportunities including licensing or similar transactions, joint ventures, partnerships, strategic alliances or alternative financing transactions to provide development capital, market access and other strategic sources of capital for Acasti. However, we cannot assure when or whether Acasti will pursue any such strategic opportunities.

  















Scroll to top










Contact – Acasti Pharma








































 

 


 








Acasti Pharma Inc.
545 Promenade du Centropolis
Suite 100, Laval
Québec, Canada
H7T 0A3


Phone : +1 450.686.4555
Fax : +1 450.686.2505
Email : info@acastipharma.com


Media & Investor Relations
Jessica Dyas
Phone : 619.849.5385
Email : jessica@canalecomm.com

contact us
Name * E-Mail * Subject *  Message * 
  
















Scroll to top










About Us – Acasti Pharma








































 

 


 








Our Story
Acasti is a biopharmaceutical innovator focused on the research, development and commercialization of prescription drugs using omega-3 fatty acids derived from krill oil. Acasti’s lead product candidate is CaPre® (omega-3 phospholipid), which Acasti is developing initially for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia, a condition characterized by abnormally high levels of triglycerides in the bloodstream (over 500 mg/dL). Acasti believes the potential exists to expand CaPre’s indication to mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia (200 – 499 mg/dL) with the likelihood of additional clinical trials being required such as comparative studies and outcome trials, assuming positive outcome study data in the next two years from two competitors. In addition, Acasti may seek to identify new potential indications for CaPre that may be appropriate for future studies and pipeline expansion.
Omega-3 fatty acids have extensive clinical evidence of safety and efficacy in lowering triglycerides in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. Market research commissioned by Acasti* suggests there is an important market need for an effective, safe and well-absorbing omega-3 therapeutic with a positive impact on the major lipids associated with cardiovascular disease risk. Since August 2008, Acasti is focused on addressing this important unmet market need.
* Primary qualitative market research study with Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs), High Volume Prescribers (HVPs) and Pharmacy commissioned by Acasti in August 2016 by DP Analytics, A Division of Destum Partners, an independent market research firm.


Management

Jan D’Alvise
President and CEO
Jan D’Alvise is the President and CEO of Acasti Pharma Inc. She has extensive experience in diagnostics, medical devices, pharmaceuticals and drug discovery research tools. Previously, Ms. D’Alvise was the President and Chairman of Pediatric Bioscience and before that, the CEO of Gish Biomedical, a cardiopulmonary medical device company. Prior to Gish, Ms. D’Alvise was the CEO of the Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center (SKCC), a drug discovery research institute. From 1995, she was also the Co-Founder and Executive VP/COO of Metrika Inc. (which was acquired by Bayer), and in 1999 was the Co-Founder/President/CEO/Chairman of NuGEN, Inc. Ms. D’Alvise built both companies from technology concept through to successful regulatory approvals, product introduction and sustainable revenue growth. Prior to 1995, Ms. D’Alvise was a VP of Drug Development at Syntex/Roche and Business Unit Director of the Pain and Inflammation business. Prior to Syntex, Ms. D’Alvise was the VP of Commercial Operations at SYVA, (Syntex’s clinical diagnostics division), and she began her career with Diagnostic Products Corporation (DPC). Ms. D’Alvise has a B.S. in Biochemistry from Michigan Technological University. She has completed post-graduate work at the University of Michigan, Stanford University, and the Wharton Business School. Ms. D’Alvise has served on the boards of numerous private and non-profit companies, and is an Entrepreneur-in-Residence for the von Liebig Institute for Entrepreneurship at the University of California, San Diego.


Pierre Lemieux, Ph.D.
Chief Operating Officer
Pierre Lemieux is the Chief Operating Officer of Acasti Pharma Inc. Previously, Mr. Lemieux was CEO, Co-Founder and Chairman of BiolActis Inc. which he sold in 2009 to interests affiliated with the Nestlé multinational group. Mr. Lemieux joined Suprateck Pharma in 1999 as Director and Vice-President involved in the development of formulations for gene therapy on behalf of Rhone-Poulenc Rorer and Genzyme, which today are under the Sanofi banner. Prior to this, Mr. Lemieux was involved in the development of cardiovascular products at Angiotech Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Lemieux has a Ph.D. in biochemistry from Université Laval (Québec). He holds 16 patents and has authored over 50 publications. Mr. Lemieux’s research was conducted at Université Laval as well as at the anti-cancer center Paul Papin D’Angers (France) and the University of Nottingham (England). His research focused on ovarian cancer and its treatment with monoclonal antibodies used to target cancer drugs. After completing his graduate studies, Mr. Lemieux joined the Oncology division of the Center for Health Research, University of Texas (U.S.). He obtained a postdoctoral fellowship from the Susan G. Komen Foundation (Breast Cancer). Mr. Lemieux has served on the boards of BioQuébec, Montreal in vivo and PharmaBio Development.


Linda O’Keefe
Chief Financial Officer


Linda O’Keefe joined Acasti Pharma as Chief Financial Officer in 2016. Ms. O’Keefe has worked with both public and private biotechnology, diagnostics, medical devices and healthcare services firms, and also in other private equity-financed markets, including business services, education and technology. Prior to joining Acasti, Ms. O’Keefe consulted with various firms after serving as Chief Financial Officer and Executive-in-Residence for Gryphon Investors, a San Francisco-based private equity firm. At Gryphon Investors, she led fundraising, limited partner relations, risk management and advised portfolio company management teams on growth, financing and back office strategies. In addition, Ms. O’Keefe provided M&A and integration support, established and led audit committees, and supported the expansion of teams and systems to meet the needs of growing companies. Ms. O’Keefe also served as Chief Financial Officer of Delphi Ventures, a healthcare-focused venture capital firm, and Elevate Ventures; as Vice President of Finance at Genelabs Technologies and Target Therapeutics; and as Controller at Collagen Corporation.
Ms. O’Keefe is an active Certified Public Accountant and Chartered Global Management Accountant in California and Indiana and was formerly an audit senior with Ernst & Young. She is a member of the American Institute of CPAs, the California and Indiana Societies of CPAs, Association for Corporate Growth, Financial Executives International, and Healthcare Financial Management Association. Ms. O’Keefe holds a Bachelor of Science in Business from the University of California, Berkeley.



Laurent Harvey, B.Pharm, M.Sc.
Vice-President, Clinical and Nonclinical Affairs
Laurent Harvey is the Vice-President, Clinical and Nonclinical Affairs of Acasti Pharma Inc. He has more than 25 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, primarily in drug development and clinical research. Before joining Acasti, Mr. Harvey held different management positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Æterna-Zentaris, Innodia, Bellus Health and KLOX Technologies. During his career, he participated in many national and international clinical programs in various therapeutic fields such as cardiovascular, endocrinology, oncology and neurology. Mr. Harvey has a Bachelor’s degree in Pharmacy and a M.Sc. in Hospital Pharmacy, both from Université de Montréal (Québec).


Board of Directors

  Roderick Carter, MD   Chairman of the Board
Dr. Roderick Carter has a strong history of contributions to healthcare through clinical, research, business and people leadership. He has significant experience developing and commercializing nutraceutical and pharmaceutical products and has successfully led clinical research and business development strategies for cardiovascular and inflammation related diseases. Dr. Carter is currently Principal at Aquila Life Sciences LLC, a consulting firm he founded in April 2008 focusing on pharmaceutical development and commercialization. Prior to this he was Vice President of Clinical Development at Reliant Pharmaceuticals, which developed the omega-3 cardiovascular drug Lovaza, and today is a wholly owned subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline. He also served as Executive Director at Merck and Co., USA, President and Chief Executive Officer of WellGen and Senior Medical Director at Pfizer Inc., USA. Dr. Carter received his Medical Degree from the University of Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, along with a Master of Science degree in Sports Medicine from Trinity College, Dublin.
  
  Jan D’Alvise   Director
Jan D’Alvise is the President and CEO of Acasti Pharma Inc. She has extensive experience in diagnostics, medical devices, pharmaceuticals and drug discovery research tools. Previously, Ms. D’Alvise was the President and Chairman of Pediatric Bioscience and before that, the CEO of Gish Biomedical, a cardiopulmonary medical device company. Prior to Gish, Ms. D’Alvise was the CEO of the Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center (SKCC), a drug discovery research institute. From 1995, she was also the Co-Founder and Executive VP/COO of Metrika Inc. (which was acquired by Bayer), and in 1999 was the Co-Founder/President/CEO/Chairman of NuGEN, Inc. Ms. D’Alvise built both companies from technology concept through to successful regulatory approvals, product introduction and sustainable revenue growth. Prior to 1995, Ms. D’Alvise was a VP of Drug Development at Syntex/Roche and Business Unit Director of the Pain and Inflammation business. Prior to Syntex, Ms. D’Alvise was the VP of Commercial Operations at SYVA, (Syntex’s clinical diagnostics division), and she began her career with Diagnostic Products Corporation (DPC). Ms. D’Alvise has a B.S. in Biochemistry from Michigan Technological University. She has completed post-graduate work at the University of Michigan, Stanford University, and the Wharton Business School. Ms. D’Alvise has served on the boards of numerous private and non-profit companies, and is an Entrepreneur-in-Residence for the von Liebig Institute for Entrepreneurship at the University of California, San Diego.
  
  Leendert H. Staal, Ph.D.   Director
Leendert Staal is a seasoned and accomplished senior executive with a strong track record of value creation. Mr. Staal has held numerous senior-level positions within the DSM group, most recently as President and CEO of DSM Nutritional Products and previously as President and CEO of DSM Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Staal also held the position of Group Vice President of Quest International and was Chairman of Unipath (a wholly owned subsidiary of Unilever). He is currently an independent consultant and owner of Staal Consulting LLC, focusing on mergers & acquisitions and business strategy. Mr. Staal has a Ph.D. in Chemistry from the University of Amsterdam.
  
  John Canan   Director
Jean Marie (John) Canan is an accomplished business executive with over 34 years of strategic, business development and financial leadership experience. Mr. Canan recently retired from Merck & Co., Inc., where his last senior position was as an officer of the Corporation, and was the Senior Vice-President, Global Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of the Corporation. He has managed all interactions with the Audit Committee of the Merck Board of Directors. He is a strategic advisor to Willow BioPharma, a private Canadian start-up engaged in the acquisition and development of legacy pharmaceutical assets. Mr. Canan also serves on the Board of Trustees of the Angkor Hospital for Children based in Cambodia, where he also chairs their Audit & Risk Committee. Mr. Canan previously served, until 2014, as a Trustee for the Hunterdon Healthcare System, a regional hospital group based in New Jersey. Mr. Canan is a graduate of McGill University, Montreal, Canada, and is a Canadian Chartered Accountant.
  
  Jim Hamilton   Director
Jim Hamilton is President and CEO of Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc. since 2015. Prior to this, he was Vice President, Human Nutrition and Health, North America, and President of DSM Nutritional Products USA. He also served on the global management team of DSM Nutritional Products, an organization with over $2 billion in sales and operations in more than 40 countries. During the course of his over 30-year career, Mr. Hamilton has played a leading role in nutritional ingredients for the dietary supplement, food, animal-feed and personal-care industries. Mr. Hamilton’s industry knowledge and innovative approach have made him a valuable contributor to several trade associations. He is a past Chairman of the Board of Directors of CRN. He currently sits on the Board of Directors of Vitamin Angels, a not-for-profit organization that provides life-changing vitamins to children in need. Mr. Hamilton is a graduate of Concordia University in Montreal and has attended numerous business and leadership programs at the London Business School and INSEAD.
  


Scientific Advisory Board

  Barry A. Franklin, Ph.D.   Dr. Franklin is currently director of preventive cardiology and cardiac rehabilitation at William Beaumont Hospital. He holds professorial appointments at Oakland University, William Beaumont School of Medicine and Wayne State University, Department of Physiology, School of Medicine. During his tenure at William Beaumont Hospital, the cardiac rehabilitation program and stress testing laboratories have achieved national and international recognition in the treatment and evaluation of coronary artery disease. Dr. Franklin and his associates have studied the physiologic responses to numerous occupational and leisure-time activities, as well as the primary and secondary prevention of heart disease, comprehensive cardiovascular risk reduction, obesity and metabolism, exercise testing and prescription, lipids and lipoproteins. He has served in multiple volunteer advisory roles for the American Heart Association, and was past president of the American College of Sports Medicine and American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation. Dr. Franklin holds various editorial board appointments with scientific and clinical journals and has written or edited nearly 600 publications, including 481 papers, 85 book chapters, and 27 books. He has received a number of honors and awards, and he lectures extensively, both nationally and internationally, on topics related to preventive cardiology and lifestyle medicine. Dr. Franklin obtained his Ph.D. in Physiology, with a minor in Health and Physical education from Pennsylvania State University.
  
  Robert Hegele, M.D.   Dr. Hegele is a distinguished university professor at Western University, and director of London Regional Genomics Centre at Robarts Research Institute in London, Canada. He holds the Wolfe Distinguished Medical Research Chair, the Edith Schulich Vinet Chair in Human Genetics and the Blackburn Chair in Cardiovascular Research. He cares for more than 2000 patients in his lipid clinic at University Hospital, where he is a staff endocrinologist. He was among the first doctors in North America to use five medications that are now routinely prescribed to treat high cholesterol or diabetes and his laboratory discovered the molecular genetic basis of more than 20 human diseases, including familial lipid disorders and inherited diabetes. He has published over 600 papers, which have been cited more than 20,000 times in the medical literature, and he was listed in the ISI database of the top 1% of highly cited scientists in the world. Dr. Hegele has contributed to national clinical practice guidelines for lipids, blood pressure and diabetes, and to international guidelines on familial hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia. He has trained many physicians, medical students and graduate students. Dr. Hegele obtained his medical doctorate from the University of Toronto.
  

  















Scroll to top










About Us – Acasti Pharma








































 

 


 








Our Story
Acasti is a biopharmaceutical innovator focused on the research, development and commercialization of prescription drugs using omega-3 fatty acids derived from krill oil. Acasti’s lead product candidate is CaPre® (omega-3 phospholipid), which Acasti is developing initially for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia, a condition characterized by abnormally high levels of triglycerides in the bloodstream (over 500 mg/dL). Acasti believes the potential exists to expand CaPre’s indication to mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia (200 – 499 mg/dL) with the likelihood of additional clinical trials being required such as comparative studies and outcome trials, assuming positive outcome study data in the next two years from two competitors. In addition, Acasti may seek to identify new potential indications for CaPre that may be appropriate for future studies and pipeline expansion.
Omega-3 fatty acids have extensive clinical evidence of safety and efficacy in lowering triglycerides in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. Market research commissioned by Acasti* suggests there is an important market need for an effective, safe and well-absorbing omega-3 therapeutic with a positive impact on the major lipids associated with cardiovascular disease risk. Since August 2008, Acasti is focused on addressing this important unmet market need.
* Primary qualitative market research study with Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs), High Volume Prescribers (HVPs) and Pharmacy commissioned by Acasti in August 2016 by DP Analytics, A Division of Destum Partners, an independent market research firm.


Management

Jan D’Alvise
President and CEO
Jan D’Alvise is the President and CEO of Acasti Pharma Inc. She has extensive experience in diagnostics, medical devices, pharmaceuticals and drug discovery research tools. Previously, Ms. D’Alvise was the President and Chairman of Pediatric Bioscience and before that, the CEO of Gish Biomedical, a cardiopulmonary medical device company. Prior to Gish, Ms. D’Alvise was the CEO of the Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center (SKCC), a drug discovery research institute. From 1995, she was also the Co-Founder and Executive VP/COO of Metrika Inc. (which was acquired by Bayer), and in 1999 was the Co-Founder/President/CEO/Chairman of NuGEN, Inc. Ms. D’Alvise built both companies from technology concept through to successful regulatory approvals, product introduction and sustainable revenue growth. Prior to 1995, Ms. D’Alvise was a VP of Drug Development at Syntex/Roche and Business Unit Director of the Pain and Inflammation business. Prior to Syntex, Ms. D’Alvise was the VP of Commercial Operations at SYVA, (Syntex’s clinical diagnostics division), and she began her career with Diagnostic Products Corporation (DPC). Ms. D’Alvise has a B.S. in Biochemistry from Michigan Technological University. She has completed post-graduate work at the University of Michigan, Stanford University, and the Wharton Business School. Ms. D’Alvise has served on the boards of numerous private and non-profit companies, and is an Entrepreneur-in-Residence for the von Liebig Institute for Entrepreneurship at the University of California, San Diego.


Pierre Lemieux, Ph.D.
Chief Operating Officer
Pierre Lemieux is the Chief Operating Officer of Acasti Pharma Inc. Previously, Mr. Lemieux was CEO, Co-Founder and Chairman of BiolActis Inc. which he sold in 2009 to interests affiliated with the Nestlé multinational group. Mr. Lemieux joined Suprateck Pharma in 1999 as Director and Vice-President involved in the development of formulations for gene therapy on behalf of Rhone-Poulenc Rorer and Genzyme, which today are under the Sanofi banner. Prior to this, Mr. Lemieux was involved in the development of cardiovascular products at Angiotech Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Lemieux has a Ph.D. in biochemistry from Université Laval (Québec). He holds 16 patents and has authored over 50 publications. Mr. Lemieux’s research was conducted at Université Laval as well as at the anti-cancer center Paul Papin D’Angers (France) and the University of Nottingham (England). His research focused on ovarian cancer and its treatment with monoclonal antibodies used to target cancer drugs. After completing his graduate studies, Mr. Lemieux joined the Oncology division of the Center for Health Research, University of Texas (U.S.). He obtained a postdoctoral fellowship from the Susan G. Komen Foundation (Breast Cancer). Mr. Lemieux has served on the boards of BioQuébec, Montreal in vivo and PharmaBio Development.


Linda O’Keefe
Chief Financial Officer


Linda O’Keefe joined Acasti Pharma as Chief Financial Officer in 2016. Ms. O’Keefe has worked with both public and private biotechnology, diagnostics, medical devices and healthcare services firms, and also in other private equity-financed markets, including business services, education and technology. Prior to joining Acasti, Ms. O’Keefe consulted with various firms after serving as Chief Financial Officer and Executive-in-Residence for Gryphon Investors, a San Francisco-based private equity firm. At Gryphon Investors, she led fundraising, limited partner relations, risk management and advised portfolio company management teams on growth, financing and back office strategies. In addition, Ms. O’Keefe provided M&A and integration support, established and led audit committees, and supported the expansion of teams and systems to meet the needs of growing companies. Ms. O’Keefe also served as Chief Financial Officer of Delphi Ventures, a healthcare-focused venture capital firm, and Elevate Ventures; as Vice President of Finance at Genelabs Technologies and Target Therapeutics; and as Controller at Collagen Corporation.
Ms. O’Keefe is an active Certified Public Accountant and Chartered Global Management Accountant in California and Indiana and was formerly an audit senior with Ernst & Young. She is a member of the American Institute of CPAs, the California and Indiana Societies of CPAs, Association for Corporate Growth, Financial Executives International, and Healthcare Financial Management Association. Ms. O’Keefe holds a Bachelor of Science in Business from the University of California, Berkeley.



Laurent Harvey, B.Pharm, M.Sc.
Vice-President, Clinical and Nonclinical Affairs
Laurent Harvey is the Vice-President, Clinical and Nonclinical Affairs of Acasti Pharma Inc. He has more than 25 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, primarily in drug development and clinical research. Before joining Acasti, Mr. Harvey held different management positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Æterna-Zentaris, Innodia, Bellus Health and KLOX Technologies. During his career, he participated in many national and international clinical programs in various therapeutic fields such as cardiovascular, endocrinology, oncology and neurology. Mr. Harvey has a Bachelor’s degree in Pharmacy and a M.Sc. in Hospital Pharmacy, both from Université de Montréal (Québec).


Board of Directors

  Roderick Carter, MD   Chairman of the Board
Dr. Roderick Carter has a strong history of contributions to healthcare through clinical, research, business and people leadership. He has significant experience developing and commercializing nutraceutical and pharmaceutical products and has successfully led clinical research and business development strategies for cardiovascular and inflammation related diseases. Dr. Carter is currently Principal at Aquila Life Sciences LLC, a consulting firm he founded in April 2008 focusing on pharmaceutical development and commercialization. Prior to this he was Vice President of Clinical Development at Reliant Pharmaceuticals, which developed the omega-3 cardiovascular drug Lovaza, and today is a wholly owned subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline. He also served as Executive Director at Merck and Co., USA, President and Chief Executive Officer of WellGen and Senior Medical Director at Pfizer Inc., USA. Dr. Carter received his Medical Degree from the University of Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, along with a Master of Science degree in Sports Medicine from Trinity College, Dublin.
  
  Jan D’Alvise   Director
Jan D’Alvise is the President and CEO of Acasti Pharma Inc. She has extensive experience in diagnostics, medical devices, pharmaceuticals and drug discovery research tools. Previously, Ms. D’Alvise was the President and Chairman of Pediatric Bioscience and before that, the CEO of Gish Biomedical, a cardiopulmonary medical device company. Prior to Gish, Ms. D’Alvise was the CEO of the Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center (SKCC), a drug discovery research institute. From 1995, she was also the Co-Founder and Executive VP/COO of Metrika Inc. (which was acquired by Bayer), and in 1999 was the Co-Founder/President/CEO/Chairman of NuGEN, Inc. Ms. D’Alvise built both companies from technology concept through to successful regulatory approvals, product introduction and sustainable revenue growth. Prior to 1995, Ms. D’Alvise was a VP of Drug Development at Syntex/Roche and Business Unit Director of the Pain and Inflammation business. Prior to Syntex, Ms. D’Alvise was the VP of Commercial Operations at SYVA, (Syntex’s clinical diagnostics division), and she began her career with Diagnostic Products Corporation (DPC). Ms. D’Alvise has a B.S. in Biochemistry from Michigan Technological University. She has completed post-graduate work at the University of Michigan, Stanford University, and the Wharton Business School. Ms. D’Alvise has served on the boards of numerous private and non-profit companies, and is an Entrepreneur-in-Residence for the von Liebig Institute for Entrepreneurship at the University of California, San Diego.
  
  Leendert H. Staal, Ph.D.   Director
Leendert Staal is a seasoned and accomplished senior executive with a strong track record of value creation. Mr. Staal has held numerous senior-level positions within the DSM group, most recently as President and CEO of DSM Nutritional Products and previously as President and CEO of DSM Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Staal also held the position of Group Vice President of Quest International and was Chairman of Unipath (a wholly owned subsidiary of Unilever). He is currently an independent consultant and owner of Staal Consulting LLC, focusing on mergers & acquisitions and business strategy. Mr. Staal has a Ph.D. in Chemistry from the University of Amsterdam.
  
  John Canan   Director
Jean Marie (John) Canan is an accomplished business executive with over 34 years of strategic, business development and financial leadership experience. Mr. Canan recently retired from Merck & Co., Inc., where his last senior position was as an officer of the Corporation, and was the Senior Vice-President, Global Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of the Corporation. He has managed all interactions with the Audit Committee of the Merck Board of Directors. He is a strategic advisor to Willow BioPharma, a private Canadian start-up engaged in the acquisition and development of legacy pharmaceutical assets. Mr. Canan also serves on the Board of Trustees of the Angkor Hospital for Children based in Cambodia, where he also chairs their Audit & Risk Committee. Mr. Canan previously served, until 2014, as a Trustee for the Hunterdon Healthcare System, a regional hospital group based in New Jersey. Mr. Canan is a graduate of McGill University, Montreal, Canada, and is a Canadian Chartered Accountant.
  
  Jim Hamilton   Director
Jim Hamilton is President and CEO of Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc. since 2015. Prior to this, he was Vice President, Human Nutrition and Health, North America, and President of DSM Nutritional Products USA. He also served on the global management team of DSM Nutritional Products, an organization with over $2 billion in sales and operations in more than 40 countries. During the course of his over 30-year career, Mr. Hamilton has played a leading role in nutritional ingredients for the dietary supplement, food, animal-feed and personal-care industries. Mr. Hamilton’s industry knowledge and innovative approach have made him a valuable contributor to several trade associations. He is a past Chairman of the Board of Directors of CRN. He currently sits on the Board of Directors of Vitamin Angels, a not-for-profit organization that provides life-changing vitamins to children in need. Mr. Hamilton is a graduate of Concordia University in Montreal and has attended numerous business and leadership programs at the London Business School and INSEAD.
  


Scientific Advisory Board

  Barry A. Franklin, Ph.D.   Dr. Franklin is currently director of preventive cardiology and cardiac rehabilitation at William Beaumont Hospital. He holds professorial appointments at Oakland University, William Beaumont School of Medicine and Wayne State University, Department of Physiology, School of Medicine. During his tenure at William Beaumont Hospital, the cardiac rehabilitation program and stress testing laboratories have achieved national and international recognition in the treatment and evaluation of coronary artery disease. Dr. Franklin and his associates have studied the physiologic responses to numerous occupational and leisure-time activities, as well as the primary and secondary prevention of heart disease, comprehensive cardiovascular risk reduction, obesity and metabolism, exercise testing and prescription, lipids and lipoproteins. He has served in multiple volunteer advisory roles for the American Heart Association, and was past president of the American College of Sports Medicine and American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation. Dr. Franklin holds various editorial board appointments with scientific and clinical journals and has written or edited nearly 600 publications, including 481 papers, 85 book chapters, and 27 books. He has received a number of honors and awards, and he lectures extensively, both nationally and internationally, on topics related to preventive cardiology and lifestyle medicine. Dr. Franklin obtained his Ph.D. in Physiology, with a minor in Health and Physical education from Pennsylvania State University.
  
  Robert Hegele, M.D.   Dr. Hegele is a distinguished university professor at Western University, and director of London Regional Genomics Centre at Robarts Research Institute in London, Canada. He holds the Wolfe Distinguished Medical Research Chair, the Edith Schulich Vinet Chair in Human Genetics and the Blackburn Chair in Cardiovascular Research. He cares for more than 2000 patients in his lipid clinic at University Hospital, where he is a staff endocrinologist. He was among the first doctors in North America to use five medications that are now routinely prescribed to treat high cholesterol or diabetes and his laboratory discovered the molecular genetic basis of more than 20 human diseases, including familial lipid disorders and inherited diabetes. He has published over 600 papers, which have been cited more than 20,000 times in the medical literature, and he was listed in the ISI database of the top 1% of highly cited scientists in the world. Dr. Hegele has contributed to national clinical practice guidelines for lipids, blood pressure and diabetes, and to international guidelines on familial hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia. He has trained many physicians, medical students and graduate students. Dr. Hegele obtained his medical doctorate from the University of Toronto.
  

  















Scroll to top






Acasti Pharma Inc. | Products








































Search bar




















Products
Currently, Acasti has a leading prescription drug candidate, CaPre®, and a medical food product, Onemia®, which is being marketed by Neptune.
 












Onemia® is Acasti’s first product to be marketed to healthcare practitioners. As a medical food, Onemia® is only administered under the supervision of a physician and is intended for the specific dietary management of illnesses associated with omega-3 phospholipid deficiency related to cardiometabolic disorders. 


 




Onemia® consists of concentrated omega-3 phospholipids and antioxidants purified from krill oil, at a concentration which is considerably higher than that found in Neptune Krill Oil (NKO®). Medical foods are a specific class of products under the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and are defined by them as: “a food which is formulated to be consumed or administered enterally under the supervision of a physician and which is intended for the specific dietary management of a disease or condition for which distinctive nutritional requirements, based on recognized scientific principles, are established by medical evaluation.”
Onemia® is being positioned as a product of choice in a multimillion-dollar market targeting the clinical dietary management of cardiometabolic disorders. Nonclinical studies conducted by Acasti, supported by clinical testing conducted on Neptune Krill Oil (NKO®), have shown Onemia® to be safe and effective for the dietary management of omega-3 phospholipids deficiency and the related abnormal lipid profiles and cardiometabolic disorders. Abnormal lipid profiles can lead to a number of conditions including hyperlipidemia (which generally manifests as high LDL (bad cholesterol) and high triglycerides), atherosclerosis (the build-up of plaque on the inside of blood vessels), diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, and gastroenterology disorders. 

In Januray 2016, Acasti entered into a non-exclusive licensing agreement in which Neptune will market Onemia® on a best commercial efforts basis. Given Neptune's sales and marketing leadership in the krilloil market, Acasti believes that Neptune is best placed to market Onemia®'s agreement. This will also allow Acasti to focus its energy and resources on the development of Capre®.
Please visit Onemia's official web site : www.onemia.com 






Acasti has an exclusive licence from Neptune to develop pharmaceutical products customized to manage cardiovascular disease. CaPre® is currently Acasti’s only prescription drug candidate that is being developed for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia, a condition which is characterized by abnormally high levels of triglycerides in the bloodstream. 


 




CaPre® is patent protected and derived from krill oil for the prevention and treatment of certain cardiometabolic disorders, more specifically hypertriglyceridemia. The active ingredient of CaPre® is a mixture of concentrated omega-3 fatty acids purified from krill oil and developed as an oral formulation. CaPre® contains EPA and DHA bound to phospholipids as well as free EPA and DHA.
Acasti’s near-term strategy is to develop and commercialize CaPre® in the United States as a prescription drug with a claim for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia and, as a next step, the treatment of mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia.
Going forward Acasti hopes, CaPre® can be used as a therapy in conjunction with positive lifestyle changes and administered either alone or with other treatments such as statins (statins are a class of drug used to reduce cholesterol levels) and potentially for use by statin-intolerant or statin-resistant patients. 

There are competing products in the marketplace to treat hypertriglyceridemia, including products that have been manufactured from omega-3 fish oil, and products that, if approved, would compete with CaPre®.  However, considerable medical needs remain in the multi-billion dollar hypertriglyceridemia market.  Market participants, including the American Heart Association, have estimated that one-third of the US population has elevated levels of triglycerides.  Acasti believes that there will be increased growth in the prescription omega-3 market based on the expected introduction, and resulting increased promotion and awareness, of new prescription omega-3 products, as well as the emergence of new clinical data regarding the efficacy of omega-3 in the treatment and prevention of cardiometabolic disorders. 





  



							 							































Acasti Pharma Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 7:38 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Acasti Pharma Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Acasti Pharma Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the research, development, and commercialization of prescription drugs for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. The company's lead product candidate is CaPre, an omega-3 phospholipid for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia. Acasti Pharma Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is based in Laval, Canada.


545 Promenade du CentropolisSuite 100Laval, QC H7T 0A3CanadaFounded in 2002



Phone: 450-686-4555

Fax: 450-686-2505

www.acastipharma.com







Key Executives for Acasti Pharma Inc.




Ms. Janelle D' Alvise


      	President, CEO & Director
      


Total Annual Compensation: C$365.1K








Ms. Linda P. O'Keefe CPA


      	VP & CFO
      


Total Annual Compensation: C$114.2K








Mr. Pierre Lemieux Ph.D., M.D.


      	Chief Operating Officer
      


Total Annual Compensation: C$275.8K








Mr. Laurent Harvey B. Pharm., M. Sc.


      	Vice President of Clinical & Non-Clinical Affairs
      


Total Annual Compensation: C$194.8K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Acasti Pharma Inc. Key Developments

Acasti Pharma Inc. Presents at The MicroCap Conference 2017, Jun-27-2017 02:30 PM
Jun 20 17
Acasti Pharma Inc. Presents at The MicroCap Conference 2017, Jun-27-2017 02:30 PM. Venue: Sheraton Centre Hotel, 123 Queen St W, Toronto, ON M5H 2M9, Canada.


Acasti Pharma Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Three Months Ended February 28, 2017 and Thirteen-Month Period Ended March 31, 2017
Jun 6 17
Acasti Pharma Inc. announced financial results for the three months ended February 28, 2017 and thirteen-month period ended March 31, 2017. For the three months ended February 28, 2017, the company reported net loss of CAD 2.6 million or CAD 0.23 loss per share, compared to CAD 1.9 million or CAD 0.18 loss per share for the three-month period ended February 29, 2016. The higher net loss for the current period was primarily due to an increase in general and administrative (G&A) expenses with the expanded executive and other headcount compared to the prior period.


Net loss for the thirteen-month period ended March 31, 2017 was CAD 11.2 million or CAD 1.01 loss per share, compared to CAD 6.3 million or CAD 0.59 loss per share for the year ended February 29, 2016. The CAD 4.9 million increase was primarily due to twelve-month changes combined with the incremental one-month period net loss of CAD 0.8 million. The twelve-month changes included the impact of the CAD 3.4 million reduction in net financial income of the prior period transitioning to a net financial expense for the current period and CAD 1.2 million in increased G&A expenses offset by a CAD 0.3 million reduction in R&D expenses.


Acasti Pharma Inc. Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
Jun 6 17
Acasti Pharma Inc. filed its Annual on Jun 06, 2017 for the period ending Mar 31, 2017. In this report its auditor, KPMG LLP - Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler, gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1127466 B.C. Ltd. Americas 4everPets Ltd. Americas 9037136 Canada Inc. Americas AAA Heidelberg Inc. Americas Ab Biotech Inc. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      February 2, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Acasti Pharma Inc., please visit www.acastipharma.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  ACST:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Acasti Pharma Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Acasti Pharma Inc   ACST:US   NASDAQ CM        1.28USD   0.04   3.03%     As of 5:20 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   1.29    Day Range   1.28 - 1.41    Volume   7,880    Previous Close   1.32    52Wk Range   1.11 - 3.09    1 Yr Return   -17.42%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.29    Day Range   1.28 - 1.41    Volume   7,880    Previous Close   1.32    52Wk Range   1.11 - 3.09    1 Yr Return   -17.42%    YTD Return   2.40%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (CAD) (TTM)   -0.69    Market Cap (m USD)   18.831    Shares Outstanding  (m)   14.712    Price/Sales (TTM)   642.41    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change -0.67%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change -0.93%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Acasti Pharma Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company develops drugs for cardiovascular diseases. Acasti offers omega-3 phospholipids a major component of cell membranes.    Address  225 Promenade Du CentropolisSuite 200Laval, QC H7T 0B3Canada   Phone  1-450-687-2262   Website   www.neptunebiotech.com     Executives Board Members    Janelle D'Alvise "Jan"  President/CEO    Linda O'Keefe  Chief Financial Officer    Pierre Lemieux  Chief Operating Officer    Laurent Harvey  VP:Clinical & Non-Clinical Affairs     Show More         



About Acasti Pharma Inc (ACST) - Investing.com





























































































x




Breaking News












How would you best describe yourself?
Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor Active Trader 


Thank you!











 
 
















 Search website for: 





Popular Searches












Trending Stocks 
Stock Screener 






Sign in/Sign up 

0

Recent Alerts


Sign up to create alerts for Instruments, 
Economic Events and content by followed authors
Sign up Already have an account? Sign in

 







English (UK)TürkçeEnglish (India)‏العربية‏English (Canada)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français中文Italiano香港NederlandsBahasa IndonesiaPortuguês (Portugal)Bahasa MelayuPolskiไทยPortuguês (Brasil)Tiếng ViệtРусский 





 



 


 




















Acasti Pharma Inc (ACST)	


 
TSXV
 




 
Symbol
Exchange
Currency
 




 
ACST
TSXV
CAD
Delayed


 
ACST
NASDAQ
USD
Real-time










Create Alert 

Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile





Condition


Price
Change
Volume





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once



For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









Create Manage my alerts 



Back 

 



 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
My Portfolio









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 














1.650
+0.050
  
+3.13%



19:32:00 GMT - Closed. Currency in CAD ( Disclaimer )


 

Type:
Equity


Market:
Canada


ISIN:
CA00430K4028 


S/N:
00430K402

 



Volume: 3,090
Bid/Ask: 1.600 / 1.720
Day's Range: 1.640 - 1.740

 
START TRADING NOW 





Acasti Pharma
1.650
+0.050
+3.13%




START TRADING NOW



 

                General                 
 


Chart
 
 


Streaming Chart
Interactive Chart




News & Analysis
 
 


News
Analysis & Opinion




Financials
 
 


Financial Summary
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
Ratios
Dividends
Earnings




Technical
 
 


Technical Analysis
Candlestick Patterns
Consensus Estimates




Forum
 
 


Discussions
Recent Sentiments
User Rankings






Overview


Profile


Historical Data


Index Component




Acasti Pharma Inc Company Profile

 
			

Get an in-depth profile of Acasti Pharma Inc, including a general overview of the company's business and key management, as well as employee data and location and contact information.









 


IndustryBiotechnology & Drugs
SectorHealthcare
Employees11
Equity TypeORD


Acasti Pharma Inc is a Canada-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the research, development and commercialization of prescription drugs using omega 3 fatty acids (OM3s) derived from krill oil. OM3s has clinical evidence of safety and efficacy in lowering triglycerides in patients with hypertriglyceridemia (HTG). The Company's drug candidate is CaPre, an OM3 phospholipid, which is being developed for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia, a condition characterized by abnormally high levels of triglycerides in the bloodstream (over 500 mg/dL) (severe hypertriglyceridemia or severe HTG).


Contact Information


Address
Laval, QC H7T 0A3Canada



Phone
+1-450-6872262



Fax
450-6862505



Web
www.acastipharma.com




Loading...



Top Executives



Name
Age
Since
Title




Laurent Harvey
-
-
Vice President- Clinical and Non-Clinical Affairs


Jean-Daniel Belanger
-
-
Secretary, Director- Corporate Affairs


Pierre Lemieux
-
2010
Chief Operating Officer


Linda O'Keefe
-
2016
Chief Financial Officer


Roderick Noel Carter
-
2016
Executive Chairman of the Board


Janelle D'Alvise
-
2016
President, Chief Executive Officer








Add a Comment

Comment Guidelines
 

        Comment Guidelines        


We encourage you to use comments to engage with users, share your perspective and ask questions of authors and each other. However, in order to maintain the high level of discourse we’ve all come to value and expect, please keep the following criteria in mind: 

Enrich the conversation
Stay focused and on track. Only post material that’s relevant to the topic being discussed.
Be respectful. Even negative opinions can be framed positively and diplomatically.
 Use standard writing style. Include punctuation and upper and lower cases.
NOTE: Spam and/or promotional messages and links within a comment will be removed
Avoid profanity, slander or personal attacks directed at an author or another user.
Don’t Monopolize the Conversation. We appreciate passion and conviction, but we also believe strongly in giving everyone a chance to air their thoughts. Therefore, in addition to civil interaction, we expect commenters to offer their opinions succinctly and thoughtfully, but not so repeatedly that others are annoyed or offended. If we receive complaints about individuals who take over a thread or forum, we reserve the right to ban them from the site, without recourse.
Only English comments will be allowed.

Perpetrators of spam or abuse will be deleted from the site and prohibited from future registration at Investing.com’s discretion. 
I have read Investing.com's comments guidelines and agree to the terms described.

I Agree 













 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post 
Post also to:


1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 



Thanks for your comment. Please note that all comments are pending until approved by our moderators. It may therefore take some time before it appears on our website.




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                Just Now
                
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
                 Author's response                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            Reply
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        Just Now
			 Author's response 			
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        Reply
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					Show more comments ()
				
			
			
				
					Show more replies ()
				
			
		










 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post
1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 

 


 
     



Report this comment

I feel that this comment is:
Spam
Offensive
Irrelevant


Submit 



Comment flagged



Thank You!
            Your report has been sent to our moderators for review        


Close 



Add Chart to Comment







Cancel
Attach 

Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 




Find A Broker



























 

 


Indices
Commodities
Forex
Bonds

More Categories

Tabs SelectionIndicesCommoditiesForexBondsStocksETFs%COUNT%/4 selected Apply1D1W1M6M1Y5YMax S&P 500 Futures2,475.00+1.00+0.04%  Nasdaq Futures5,933.00-0.75-0.01%  Dow 3021,613.43+100.26+0.47%  S&P 500 VIX9.430.000.00%  DAX12,264.31+55.36+0.45%  Nikkei 22519,955.20-20.47-0.10%  US Dollar Index93.92+0.10+0.11%  Euro Index93.190.010.00%  Gold1,248.14-3.96-0.32%  Silver16.425-0.117-0.71%  Copper2.843-0.003-0.11%  Crude Oil WTI48.45+0.56+1.17%  Brent Oil50.77-0.06-0.12%  Natural Gas2.934+0.005+0.17%  US Cotton #268.84+0.55+0.81%  US Coffee C130.72-1.98-1.49%  EUR/USD1.1647+0.0001+0.01%  GBP/USD1.3030+0.0003+0.02%  USD/JPY111.92+0.03+0.03%  USD/CAD1.2507-0.0002-0.02%  AUD/USD0.7937+0.0001+0.01%  USD/CNH6.7593+0.0007+0.01%  ETH/USD203.65-21.87-9.70%  BTC/USD2,553.1-207.9-7.53%  US 10Y Yield2.332+0.079+3.50%  US 30Y Yield2.913+0.080+2.83%  US 2Y Yield1.390+0.025+1.82%  US 5Y Yield1.888+0.067+3.70%  US 10Y T-Note125.53+0.03+0.02%  US 30Y T-Bond152.49-0.03-0.02%  Euro Bund161.61-0.83-0.51%  UK Gilt125.70-0.72-0.57%  Start Trading Today 
  


ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocks 




 Tabs Selection 

ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocksBondsETFs 
 %COUNT%/4 selected Apply


Timeframe                    
1 min.
5 mins
15 mins
30 mins
Hourly
5 Hours
Daily
Weekly










EUR/USD
1.1647

+0.0001 +0.01%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 4
Sell 2

 



EUR/USD
1.1647

+0.0001 +0.01%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 4
Sell 2



GBP/USD
1.3030

+0.0003 +0.02%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 4



USD/JPY
111.92

+0.03 +0.03%



Summary
Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 7
Sell 5



Indicators:
Buy 5
Sell 4



AUD/USD
0.7937

+0.0001 +0.01%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 11
Sell 1



Indicators:
Buy 5
Sell 3



USD/CAD
1.2507

-0.0002 -0.02%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 7



EUR/JPY
130.36

+0.05 +0.04%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 8
Sell 4



Indicators:
Buy 4
Sell 4



EUR/CHF
1.1094

0.0000 0.00%



Summary
Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 8
Sell 4



Indicators:
Buy 5
Sell 2



Gold Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Silver Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Copper Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Crude Oil WTI Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Brent Oil Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Natural Gas Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US Coffee C Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Dow Jones Industrial Averag..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nasdaq 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



DAX


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



FTSE 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



CAC 40


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nikkei 225


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Apple Inc


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Bank of America Corp


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



JPMorgan Chase & Co


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Exxon Mobil Corporation


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



BP PLC


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 2-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 5-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 10-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 30-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Euro Bund Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US 10 Year T-Note Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Japan Government Bond Futur..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



UK Gilt Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR Dow Jones Industrial A..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



PowerShares QQQ Trust Serie..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1647
Neutral
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3030
Strong Sell
 


 
 
USD/JPY
111.92
Buy
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7937
Strong Buy
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2507
Strong Sell
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
130.36
Neutral
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1094
Buy
 






 
 
Gold


 


 
 
Silver


 


 
 
Copper


 


 
 
Crude Oil WTI


 


 
 
Brent Oil


 


 
 
Natural Gas


 


 
 
US Coffee C


 






 
 
Dow 30


 


 
 
Nasdaq 100


 


 
 
S&P 500


 


 
 
DAX


 


 
 
FTSE 100


 


 
 
CAC 40


 


 
 
Nikkei 225


 






 
 
Apple


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
Bank of America


 


 
 
JPMorgan


 


 
 
Exxon Mobil


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
Deutsche Bank AG


 



 

Start Trading Today 
Recent Quotes NamePriceChg.Chg. %  ACST1.650+0.050+3.13% 


Add to Watchlist
Add to Watchlist


Add to Watchlist (Max 50)

Select where to add the results:





			Added successfully		


Create Portfolio
Apply 



Create 



Close 

 



 

Market Movers


Most Active
Gainers %
Losers %







 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
BAC
24.48
+2.38%
86.08M

 


 
AAPL
152.74
+0.43%
18.83M

 


 
FB
165.28
-0.43%
15.34M

 


 
TSLA
339.60
-0.85%
6.98M

 


 
GOOGL
969.03
-2.93%
5.93M

 


 
GOOG
950.70
-3.02%
4.66M

 


 
AMZN
1,039.87
+0.09%
2.45M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
FCX
14.87
+14.74%
74.12M

 


 
NEM
36.24
+6.90%
8.90M

 


 
RRC
21.82
+6.86%
8.51M

 


 
CAT
114.54
+5.88%
14.26M

 


 
SIG
61.47
+5.49%
2.00M

 


 
URBN
18.42
+5.44%
3.86M

 


 
SWN
5.92
+4.96%
23.15M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
STX
33.20
-16.50%
35.46M

 


 
IPG
22.16
-13.34%
26.95M

 


 
MU
29.90
-5.59%
51.15M

 


 
WAT
175.11
-5.35%
1.76M

 


 
MMM
199.39
-5.05%
6.59M

 


 
HCA
82.18
-4.54%
4.95M

 


 
INCY
133.56
-3.41%
1.83M

 

 


Promotions

 
Should You Try Trading New Markets?
Nadex 

 
Webinars






Identify sell and buy market areas

Tuesday, August 1, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Does your trading edge suck? Lets fix it

Thursday, August 3, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Intraday indicator Pivot point (daily formula)

Tuesday, August 8, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Neurolinguistics programming & trading psychology

Tuesday, August 15, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 





   
















 

Sign up for FREE and get:
 Real-Time Alerts
 Advanced Portfolio Features
 Personalized Charts
 Fully-Synced App








Continue with Facebook



Continue with Google


or

Sign up with Email





 










Acasti Pharma and CordenPharma Announce Large Scale Production of CaPre® with New Continuous Manufacturing ProcessHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.13+7.22 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,613.43+100.26 (+0.47%)Nasdaq6,412.17+1.37 (+0.02%)Acasti Pharma and CordenPharma Announce Large Scale Production of CaPre® with New Continuous Manufacturing ProcessMarketwiredMay 31, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareLAVAL, QUEBEC--(Marketwired - May 31, 2017) -  Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)(TSX VENTURE:ACST) today announced the achievement of a major corporate milestone by manufacturing the first cGMP batches of CaPre®, Acasti's omega-3 pharmaceutical product candidate, produced with a proprietary and innovative continuous manufacturing process developed in partnership with CordenPharma. CaPre is a potentially best-in-class omega-3 drug derived of krill oil and being developed for the treatment of patients with hypertriglyceridemia, a metabolic condition that contributes to the risk of cardiovascular disease and pancreatitis. The process was jointly designed and implemented by the Acasti and CordenPharma technical teams and engineers at the CordenPharma Chenôve facility in Dijon, France."The development and implementation of this continuous manufacturing production line is evidence of the terrific progress Acasti is making as we prepare to initiate Phase 3 trials of CaPre in late 2017," said Pierre Lemieux, Ph.D., chief operating officer of Acasti Pharma. "It was a successful joint effort involving Acasti and CordenPharma to design and execute a process that paves the way for the development and future commercial manufacturing of CaPre as a potential treatment for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. This is an important milestone in Acasti Pharma's program to develop and commercialize CaPre."This continuous manufacturing process allows for the production of CaPre with an increased throughput and a small equipment footprint. The process is designed to purify the bioactive molecules of the raw krill oil through continuous and consecutive decantations. This approach will enable improved quality control and cGMP compliance, while reducing energy consumption, waste and raw material, in a cost-effective manner that aligns with the FDA's championing of robust, flexible and efficient continuous manufacturing processes."We worked closely with Acasti Pharma to design and engineer a unique and innovative continuous manufacturing process for CaPre," said Yves Michon, chief executive officer of CordenPharma Chenôve. "This process has been installed at CordenPharma Chenôve and will allow us to efficiently scale-up the volume of CaPre needed for Acasti's Phase 3 trial and early commercial demand. We are honored to continue working with them."About Acasti Pharma Acasti Pharma is a biopharmaceutical innovator advancing a potentially best-in-class cardiovascular drug, CaPre (omega-3 phospholipid), for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia, a chronic condition affecting an estimated one third of the U.S. population. The corporation's strategy is to initially develop and commercialize CaPre for the 3 to 4 million patients in the U.S. with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Since its founding in 2008, Acasti Pharma has focused on addressing a critical market need for an effective, safe and well-absorbing omega-3 therapeutic that can make a positive impact on the major blood lipids associated with cardiovascular disease risk. For more information, visit www.acastipharma.com.About CordenPharmaCordenPharma, the global pharmaceutical service & manufacturing platform of International Chemical Investors Group (ICIG), is a full-service partner in the Contract Development & Manufacturing (CDMO) of APIs, Drug Products, and associated Packaging Services. Through a network of fully-inspected cGMP facilities across Europe and the US organized under five Technology Platforms - Peptides, Oligonucleotides, Lipids & Carbohydrates; Injectables; Highly Potent & Oncology; Small Molecules; and Antibiotics, CordenPharma experts translate complex processes, ideas and projects at any stage of development into high-value products. For more information visit www.cordenpharma.com. Inquiries: www.cordenpharma.com/contact-us/CordenPharma Chenôve is a cGMP manufacturer of APIs and advanced pharmaceutical intermediates, specializing in the design of synthetic routes and development processes for new products from laboratory to commercial scale, with equipment and chemical technologies that are particularly suitable for multi-step synthesis. www.cordenpharma.com/facilities/chenove/Forward Looking StatementsStatements in this press release that are not statements of historical or current fact constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. securities laws and Canadian securities laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other unknown factors that could cause the actual results of Acasti to be materially different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with the terms "believes," "belief," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "will," or "plans" to be uncertain and forward-looking. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release.Read MoreThe forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information" section contained in Acasti's latest Annual Information Form, which also forms part of Acasti's latest annual report on Form 20-F, and which is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml and on the investor section of Acasti's website at acastipharma.com (the "AIF"). All forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. The forward-looking statements contained herein are also subject generally to other risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti's public securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Canadian securities commissions. Additional information about these assumptions and risks and uncertainties is contained in the AIF under "Risk Factors."Neither NASDAQ, the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accept responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.SOURCE: Acasti Pharma Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextPolitics Drive Foxconn's U.S. Manufacturing AspirationsBloombergEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredRecall Roundup: Nissan Issues Massive Recall Of 2007-2012 VersaJ.D. Power and AssociatesBritain launches fund to boost electric battery technologyReutersAustralian regulator investigating Takata airbag recall after deathReutersA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredAustralian consumer watchdog investigates air bag recallAssociated PressChina's army looks like it's getting ready for something big to go down in North KoreaBusiness InsiderState Department says Secretary Tillerson is 'taking a little time off' amid tensions in the White HouseBusiness InsiderWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredConservative media outlets are sending Trump a big warning on Jeff Sessions — and Trump is paying attentionBusiness InsiderPrinceton Prof: Why wage growth has been stagnantYahoo Finance VideoFacebook earnings, Fed announcement — What you need to know in markets on WednesdayYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderA conspiracy theory about Chipotle is gaining steamBusiness InsiderNorth Korea Threatens to Strike U.S. With 'Powerful Nuclear Hammer'Douglas S: Hmm, 'nuclear hammer.'  Is that anything like a nail-gun?  Could revolutionize the construction industry.Join the Conversation1 / 5440










ACST Stock Price - Acasti Pharma Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.42


13.47


0.48%











Gold

1,254.70


-3.80


-0.30%











Oil

48.45


0.56


1.17%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:28p

Updated
How about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 



7:23p

House passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions



7:04p

WSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions



7:01p

Former Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony



6:45p

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



6:44p

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank



6:07p

PayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?



6:03p

Updated
This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor



6:01p

Updated
Bitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records



5:42p

This is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ACST


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



ACST
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Acasti Pharma Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateACSTAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 3:10 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.28



-0.04
-3.03%






Previous Close




$1.3200





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




31.37% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    7.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 25.1K
            





Open: 1.29
Close: 1.28



1.2800
Day Low/High
1.4100





Day Range



1.1100
52 Week Low/High
3.0900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.29



Day Range
1.2800 - 1.4100



52 Week Range
1.1100 - 3.0900



Market Cap
$19.11M



Shares Outstanding
14.71M



Public Float
4.05M



Beta
0.49



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.69



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
131.88K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
3.25%



Average Volume
25.12K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.00%







1 Month


-2.29%







3 Month


0.00%







YTD


2.40%







1 Year


-18.47%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Acasti Pharma to proceed with late-stage development of CaPre for the treatment of high triglycerides; shares ahead 7%


Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:46 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Interview: Neptune Wellness Solutions CEO Jim Hamilton


Feb. 2, 2017 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Acasti Pharma up big second time in a month; shares ahead 32%


Dec. 23, 2016 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 23, 2016 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





26 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Nov. 11, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – ARLZ LAKE ACRX COLL


Sep. 15, 2016 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Acasti Pharma advances high triglyceride fighter CaPre, bridging study shows similar safety profile to Glaxo's Lovaza


Sep. 14, 2016 at 9:58 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





16 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Jan. 15, 2016 at 3:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





The Impact Of A Reverse Stock Split


Dec. 23, 2015 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – EPRS CC TROX NVET


Dec. 21, 2015 at 4:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Best Stocks Under $5 This Week


Dec. 18, 2015 at 11:05 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





6 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 18, 2015 at 2:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – ATNM ACRS EVOK NERV


Dec. 17, 2015 at 4:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – ACST EPRS PAH BIND


Dec. 16, 2015 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Acasti Pharma up 28% premarket on refinement of development pathway for CaPre


Dec. 16, 2015 at 9:29 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – CLSN CLCD AXON TPUB


Dec. 1, 2015 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – KBIO HPJ XONE ADRO


Nov. 27, 2015 at 4:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – AEZS GENE OHRP XONE


Nov. 25, 2015 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – BIIB LAKE BMRN IPGP


Oct. 27, 2015 at 1:15 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – CANF VBLT FWP ZFGN


Oct. 22, 2015 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com









CORRECTION: Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options
CORRECTION: Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options

Jun. 16, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options
Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:22 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma To Present at Upcoming International Industry Conferences
Acasti Pharma To Present at Upcoming International Industry Conferences

Jun. 12, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Financial Results
Acasti Pharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Financial Results

Jun. 6, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma and CordenPharma Announce Large Scale Production of CaPre® with New Continuous Manufacturing Process
Acasti Pharma and CordenPharma Announce Large Scale Production of CaPre® with New Continuous Manufacturing Process

May. 31, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Presents CaPre Clinical Data at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions
Acasti Pharma Presents CaPre Clinical Data at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions

May. 18, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Granted Additional Composition & Use Patents in Taiwan and Australia; Safeguards Valuable Market Expansion Opportunities


Apr. 24, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma to Present CaPre Omega-3 Bridging Study Results at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions


Apr. 12, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Provides Update On CaPre Phase 3 Development Program


Mar. 30, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Forms Scientific Advisory Board and Appoints Two Leading Cardiovascular Disease Experts


Mar. 8, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Forms Scientific Advisory Board and Appoints Two Leading Cardiovascular Disease Experts


Mar. 8, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Grants Incentive Stock and Options


Feb. 24, 2017 at 12:34 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Grants Incentive Stock and Options


Feb. 24, 2017 at 12:34 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Announces Closings of Concurrent Public Offering of Units and Private Placement of Convertible Debentures and Warrants


Feb. 23, 2017 at 6:36 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Announces Proposed Private Placement of Convertible Debentures and Amended Proposed Offering of Units


Feb. 2, 2017 at 11:34 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Biotech Industry a Focus in 2017: Latest Reports on Nektar Therapeutics and Acasti Pharma


Jan. 25, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Acasti Pharma Reports Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results


Jan. 12, 2017 at 5:16 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Appoints Linda O'Keefe as Chief Financial Officer


Nov. 28, 2016 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Announces Stock Ticker Symbol Change to ACST on the TSXV


Nov. 3, 2016 at 8:03 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Builds Intellectual Property Portfolio with Newly Issued U.S. Patent for CaPre


Oct. 26, 2016 at 8:04 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Acasti Pharma Inc.


            
            Acasti Pharma, Inc. engages in the research, development, and commercialization of krill oil-based forms of omega-3 phospholipid therapies. It seeks to treat certain cardiometabolic disorders such as abnormalities in blood lipids, also known as dyslipidemia. It sproduct candidate, CaPre, is being developed to treat severe hypertriglyceridemia. The company was founded by Henri Harland on February 1, 2002 and is headquartered in Laval, Canada.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Omeros Corp.
-0.44%
$993.48M


Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc.
4.35%
$36.09M


OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.
-1.09%
$137.7M


Omni Bio Pharmaceutical Inc.
-21.89%
$1.63M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








X

2.69%








T

-0.03%








DWT

-9.52%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




7:38 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:08pPayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




7:38 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:08pPayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




7:38 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:08pPayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































ACST Stock Price - Acasti Pharma Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.42


13.47


0.48%











Gold

1,254.70


-3.80


-0.30%











Oil

48.45


0.56


1.17%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:28p

Updated
How about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 



7:23p

House passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions



7:04p

WSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions



7:01p

Former Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony



6:45p

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



6:44p

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank



6:07p

PayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?



6:03p

Updated
This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor



6:01p

Updated
Bitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records



5:42p

This is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ACST


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



ACST
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Acasti Pharma Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateACSTAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 3:10 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.28



-0.04
-3.03%






Previous Close




$1.3200





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




31.37% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    7.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 25.1K
            





Open: 1.29
Close: 1.28



1.2800
Day Low/High
1.4100





Day Range



1.1100
52 Week Low/High
3.0900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.29



Day Range
1.2800 - 1.4100



52 Week Range
1.1100 - 3.0900



Market Cap
$19.11M



Shares Outstanding
14.71M



Public Float
4.05M



Beta
0.49



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.69



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
131.88K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
3.25%



Average Volume
25.12K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.00%







1 Month


-2.29%







3 Month


0.00%







YTD


2.40%







1 Year


-18.47%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Acasti Pharma to proceed with late-stage development of CaPre for the treatment of high triglycerides; shares ahead 7%


Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:46 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Interview: Neptune Wellness Solutions CEO Jim Hamilton


Feb. 2, 2017 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Acasti Pharma up big second time in a month; shares ahead 32%


Dec. 23, 2016 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 23, 2016 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





26 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Nov. 11, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – ARLZ LAKE ACRX COLL


Sep. 15, 2016 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Acasti Pharma advances high triglyceride fighter CaPre, bridging study shows similar safety profile to Glaxo's Lovaza


Sep. 14, 2016 at 9:58 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





16 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Jan. 15, 2016 at 3:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





The Impact Of A Reverse Stock Split


Dec. 23, 2015 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – EPRS CC TROX NVET


Dec. 21, 2015 at 4:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Best Stocks Under $5 This Week


Dec. 18, 2015 at 11:05 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





6 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 18, 2015 at 2:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – ATNM ACRS EVOK NERV


Dec. 17, 2015 at 4:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – ACST EPRS PAH BIND


Dec. 16, 2015 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Acasti Pharma up 28% premarket on refinement of development pathway for CaPre


Dec. 16, 2015 at 9:29 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – CLSN CLCD AXON TPUB


Dec. 1, 2015 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – KBIO HPJ XONE ADRO


Nov. 27, 2015 at 4:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – AEZS GENE OHRP XONE


Nov. 25, 2015 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – BIIB LAKE BMRN IPGP


Oct. 27, 2015 at 1:15 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – CANF VBLT FWP ZFGN


Oct. 22, 2015 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com









CORRECTION: Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options
CORRECTION: Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options

Jun. 16, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options
Acasti Pharma Grants Stock Options

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:22 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma To Present at Upcoming International Industry Conferences
Acasti Pharma To Present at Upcoming International Industry Conferences

Jun. 12, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Financial Results
Acasti Pharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Financial Results

Jun. 6, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma and CordenPharma Announce Large Scale Production of CaPre® with New Continuous Manufacturing Process
Acasti Pharma and CordenPharma Announce Large Scale Production of CaPre® with New Continuous Manufacturing Process

May. 31, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Presents CaPre Clinical Data at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions
Acasti Pharma Presents CaPre Clinical Data at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions

May. 18, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Granted Additional Composition & Use Patents in Taiwan and Australia; Safeguards Valuable Market Expansion Opportunities


Apr. 24, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma to Present CaPre Omega-3 Bridging Study Results at National Lipid Association Scientific Sessions


Apr. 12, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Provides Update On CaPre Phase 3 Development Program


Mar. 30, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Forms Scientific Advisory Board and Appoints Two Leading Cardiovascular Disease Experts


Mar. 8, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Forms Scientific Advisory Board and Appoints Two Leading Cardiovascular Disease Experts


Mar. 8, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Grants Incentive Stock and Options


Feb. 24, 2017 at 12:34 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Grants Incentive Stock and Options


Feb. 24, 2017 at 12:34 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Announces Closings of Concurrent Public Offering of Units and Private Placement of Convertible Debentures and Warrants


Feb. 23, 2017 at 6:36 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Announces Proposed Private Placement of Convertible Debentures and Amended Proposed Offering of Units


Feb. 2, 2017 at 11:34 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Biotech Industry a Focus in 2017: Latest Reports on Nektar Therapeutics and Acasti Pharma


Jan. 25, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Acasti Pharma Reports Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results


Jan. 12, 2017 at 5:16 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Appoints Linda O'Keefe as Chief Financial Officer


Nov. 28, 2016 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Announces Stock Ticker Symbol Change to ACST on the TSXV


Nov. 3, 2016 at 8:03 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Acasti Pharma Builds Intellectual Property Portfolio with Newly Issued U.S. Patent for CaPre


Oct. 26, 2016 at 8:04 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Acasti Pharma Inc.


            
            Acasti Pharma, Inc. engages in the research, development, and commercialization of krill oil-based forms of omega-3 phospholipid therapies. It seeks to treat certain cardiometabolic disorders such as abnormalities in blood lipids, also known as dyslipidemia. It sproduct candidate, CaPre, is being developed to treat severe hypertriglyceridemia. The company was founded by Henri Harland on February 1, 2002 and is headquartered in Laval, Canada.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Omeros Corp.
-0.44%
$993.48M


Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc.
4.35%
$36.09M


OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.
-1.09%
$137.7M


Omni Bio Pharmaceutical Inc.
-21.89%
$1.63M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








X

2.69%








T

-0.03%








DWT

-9.52%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.










Acasti Pharma: An Undervalued Biotech With A Potential Best-In-Class Omega-3 Drug - Acasti Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Acasti Pharma: An Undervalued Biotech With A Potential Best-In-Class Omega-3 DrugApr. 1.14 | About: Acasti Pharma, (ACST) Fusion Investor Long/short equitySummaryThe omega-3 prescription drug market is expected to double by 2019.ACST's omega-3 prescription drug CaPre is a potential blockbuster.ACST's stock price could double in 2014 if its TRIFECTA results, due in June 2014, are positive.Profile
Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative pharmaceutical ingredients for applications in cardiometabolic disorders. The company has two main products. Onemia is their only product in the commercialization stage and is a medical food intended to be used in illnesses associated with omega-3 phospholipids deficiency related to cardiometabolic disorders. The product has been on the market since 2011 and has yet to gain significant traction.
CaPre is their prescription drug product and is in the clinical trial stage. ACST obtained CaPre from Neptune Technologies & Bioresources, Inc. (NASDAQ:NEPT) through a licensing agreement and has already prepaid all the future royalties under the agreement through the issuance of Class A shares to NEPT. NEPT currently owns 49.95 percent of ACST. Best in class results from its Phase II, open label study (COLT) were released on August 13, 2013. The study was designed to assess the safety and efficacy of CaPre in the treatment of mild to severe hypertriglyceridemia, a condition in which triglyceride levels are elevated. Elevated triglyceride levels can lead to serious health issues, such as heart attack and stroke. An overview of the condition can be found here. Over 230 patients in the study received CaPre for 4 to 8 weeks. Daily doses of 2g and 4g were used and both were shown to be safe and effective. An increased benefit was found for an increase in dosage and duration. Patients treated with 4g for 4 weeks showed a mean triglyceride decrease of 15.5 percent from baseline while patients treated with 4g for 8 weeks showed a mean triglyceride decrease of 21.6 percent. Each group showed an absolute mean improvement of 18.1 percent and 14.3 percent respectively as compared to Standard of Care. Drilling down on the 4g for 8 weeks group shows a mean LDL (bad cholesterol) decrease of 8.3 percent and non-HDL decrease of 14.3 percent. The 4g for 4 weeks group showed an HDL (good cholesterol) increase of 11.1 percent over the Standard of Care. Another critical piece of the study is that 88 percent of the population had baseline triglycerides between 200 and 500 mg/dL (borderline to high). People with triglycerides ≥500 mg/dL fall into the very high group.

Market Size and Competition
Currently, there are no FDA approved omega-3 prescription drugs for the direct treatment of people with triglycerides between 200 mg/dL and 500 mg/dL. This is significant because this group makes up about 36 million people in the U.S. alone. Global sales of prescription omega 3 drugs exceeded $2 billion in 2012. Forecasts of prescriptions written for omega 3 drugs in 2013 are around 5 million and are expected to grow to 10.7 million by 2019.
The big players in the prescription grade omega-3 market with drugs in the commercialization stage are Lovaza, Vascepa, and Epanova. These drugs are produced by GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE:GSK), Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN), and AstraZeneca plc (NYSE:AZN), respectively. See the table below comparing each drug to CaPre. Green is good and red is bad. Midpoints were used when only a range was reported in the results. Keep in mind that the results below for the commercialized drugs are from Phase III while CaPre's is from an open label Phase II study. Regardless, I believe this provides a reasonable comparison for the drugs. Most of CaPre's results are from the 200 mg/dL to 500 mg/dL group while the other trials focused on the ≥500 mg/dL group. The length of the trials are fairly similar, ranging from 6 weeks to 24 weeks. From the comparison below, it is apparent that CaPre is on par with the current drugs on the market at the very least. No serious health complications were noted during the COLT trial.

Lovaza trials
Vascepa trials
Epanova trials
Product Differentiation
CaPre contains about 66 percent phospholipids and 30 percent EPA/DHA. Lovaza and Epanova contain both EPA and DHA while Vascepa is only contains EPA. Results of the ECLIPSE study showed that Epanova has a superior bioavailability compared to Lovaza. What differentiates CaPre from the other three drugs is that it has the potential to treat triglycerides, LDL, and HDL. CaPre may be superior to Lovaza due to its ability to lower LDL's while Lovaza increases LDL's. In addition, the results of the COLT study were mostly related to the 200 mg/dL to 500 mg/dL group while the commercialized drug results were mostly based on the ≥500 mg/dL group. It has been shown that triglycerides are reduced at a greater percentage using omega-3 drugs when at elevated levels as found in the very severe group. This means that CaPre's triglyceride reduction may have been even greater had their COLT trial included more patients in the very severe group. It's worth noting that Lovaza and the others can be prescribed for off label uses. Vascepa is in a Phase III study (REDUCE-IT) for use in the 200 mg/dL to 500 mg/dL group while on a statin and has an estimated completion date of November 2016. The primary endpoint is to determine the effect of 4g per day for preventing the occurrence of a first major cardiovascular event. Vascepa only has a 3 year market exclusivity but is suing the FDA to get the 5 year status that comes with NCE. A discussion of the issues at hand can be found here. This creates a risk for CaPre should the FDA reject NCE exclusivity. However, I do not feel this will happen since CaPre contains about 66 percent phospholipids and lower levels of EPA. ACST has filed a composition and use patent application with the USPTO and is still awaiting the allowance. If granted, the patent would be good through 2029.

CaPre is currently in another Phase II study (TRIFECTA). This one is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The purpose of this 12 week study is to determine whether daily doses of 1g or 2g of CaPre has an effect on fasting plasma triglycerides in patients with mild to high hypertriglyceridemia as compared to a placebo. Estimated enrollment for this study is 429 and the estimated completion date is June 2014.
On January 9, 2014, ACST announced that the FDA has granted it approval to initiate a pharmacokinetic trial of CaPre. The PK trial is expected to start in Q2 2014 and results are expected in Q3 2014. ACST is using Quintiles for its PK trial and this will ensure that a high-quality trial is conducted. ACST plans to seek FDA approval to initiate a pivotal Phase III study of CaPre in the U.S. I was unable to find an exact timeline for the initiation of Phase III. Assuming the TRIFECTA and PK trial results are positive, Phase III could be initiated by early 2015 based on my estimates.
Financials
For the nine-months ended November 30, 2013, ACST reported revenues of $301,000 versus $675,000 for the corresponding period ended November 30, 2012. Revenues for both years were generated from Onemia. As of November 30, 2013, ACST had about $3.6 million in cash and short-term investments and a current ratio of about 1.1. It has no long-term debt and most of its current liabilities are payable to NEPT. Its cash burn rate is about $865,021 per quarter but this will most likely increase due to its TRIFECTA and PK trials and other operating activities. On December 3, 2013, ACST issued 18.4 million Class A shares at $1.25 per share and 18.4 million warrants with an exercise price of $1.50. Total proceeds of about $23 million were received. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Common Share. The company also has another .75 million warrants outstanding with an exercise price of $1.50. On February 7, 2014, ACST sold more shares and warrants with an issuance price of $1.19 and exercise price of $1.43. Total proceeds from this offering was about $2 million. As of November 30, 2013, ACST had about 84 million shares outstanding.

Valuation
Precedent Transaction Analysis
ACST has a market capitalization of about $120 million at the time of writing this article. In May 2013, AstraZeneca acquired Omthera Pharmaceuticals for $323 million and gained access to Epanova. Omthera shareholders also received Contingent Value Rights valued at about $120 million. This brings the total potential acquisition price to $443 million. Epanova had completed two Phase III studies with positive results prior to the acquisition. This comparison will become more important if positive results are reported from TRIFECTA and CaPre enters a pivotal Phase III.
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis
For 2013, Lovaza recognized sales of about $966 million while Vascepa recognized sales of about $26 million. Analyst estimates of Vascepa sales were based on the massive growth rate of Lovaza during its commercial launch back in 2005. A good discussion of this can be found here. Lovaza had first-mover advantage which was one of the keys to its explosive growth. Although CaPre has the potential to be a blockbuster drug if its trial results continue to show superior efficacy and safety, this does not guarantee its commercial success. CaPre still needs to make it through Phase III and obtain FDA approval. This has its risks which need to be factored into the discount rate. The company will most likely need to raise additional capital in the future for its clinical development and operations and this will cause further dilution to shareholders. Assuming CaPre does obtain FDA approval, commercialization will be a challenge due to the competition in the marketplace and the potential for the expected market growth to not occur. The growth could stall if doctors begin writing less omega-3 drug prescriptions due to doubts about its positive effect on the heart. A recent article on this can be found here. The REDUCE-IT study results will hopefully shed some light on this debate. Lastly, there are many over-the-counter omega-3 brands on the market and this could eat into CaPre's future market share. A partnership with a larger pharmaceutical company with sufficient financial resources and marketing expertise would be ideal for ACST but it's too early in the game to tell if this will happen.

Assuming a commercial launch of CaPre in early 2019 with annual sales of $100 million, a year-over-year sales growth rate of 45 percent, a discount rate of 30 percent, and total free cash flow of about $4.5 billion for the period of 2015 to 2029, this puts ACST at $2.00 based on 84 million shares outstanding. It's worth noting that Euro Pacific Capital has a $4 price target on the stock and this could be due to a lower discount rate and/or a different free cash flow estimate.
Technical Analysis
The stock seems to have been forming a rectangle bottom since November 2013. This could be indicative of accumulation before the markup phase. The stock seems to be stuck between a range of about $1.08 to $1.56. The warrants with an exercise price of $1.50 may act as resistance until the TRIFECTA readout. However, a run-up prior to the results is not out of the question. The height of the potential rectangle bottom is about $0.50 and the measured move objective is $2.00, assuming the breakout level is $1.50.

Conclusion
The recent selloff in the biotechnology industry has created some great buying opportunities. I believe ACST has great potential due to its drug CaPre. The stock price could rise significantly if its TRIFECTA results are positive. If the results do not meet the primary endpoint, the stock price could drop significantly. Based on the COLT results, I think this scenario is not as likely. The omega-3 prescription drug market is very promising but has some risk. This is an important year for CaPre and other drugs in this market and it will be exciting to watch.
Disclaimer: I am not an investment advisor and do not provide specific investment advice. This article is for informational purposes only and is not a buy or sell recommendation. I do not attest to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this article. Please consult your investment advisor before making an investment decision.

Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in ACST over the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Healthcare, CanadaWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Fusion Investor and get email alerts





Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasCommercial Bank RBB Bancorp Prepares For IPORBB• Today, 7:04 PM • Don DionGazprom Is Ridiculously CheapGZPFY, OGZPY• Today, 6:44 PM • Hendrik ReimersIf Energy Rebounds, Which S&P 500 Stocks Have Highest Short-Term Potential?COG, MPC, VLO• Today, 6:30 PM • Ivan LingvayDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Today, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Today, 5:28 PM • Strong BioA Tesla Bull And Bear Debate: 50% Upside Or 50% Downside?TSLA• Today, 5:26 PM • Hedgeye•23 CommentsMid-Con Energy Q2 2017 ForecastMCEP• Today, 5:25 PM • JSG_DRIP•7 CommentsCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Today, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•5 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Today, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•2 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•1 CommentNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Today, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioGazprom - Value Or Value Trap?OGZPY, GZPFY• Today, 4:05 PM • Sven Carlin•6 CommentsWhat Does Hibbett's Horrible Quarter Say About Foot Locker?FL• Today, 4:02 PM • Detroit Bear•2 CommentsAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Today, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•4 CommentsWayfair: It's Getting Much Less Crowded After The Recent Run UpW• Today, 3:56 PM • Dan Stringer•9 CommentsCameco: Uranium Rebound PlayCCJ• Today, 3:49 PM • Samuel Smith•32 CommentsWill We Get A Monarch Earnings Surprise?MCRI• Today, 3:37 PM • Howard Jay Klein•2 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Today, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•13 CommentsMorgan Stanley: Still Very CheapMS• Today, 3:31 PM • The First Mover•2 CommentsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Today, 3:03 PM • Strong BioPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Today, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Today, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•6 CommentsWestport Fuel Systems: Consensus EBIT Estimates Miss The MarkWPRT• Today, 2:22 PM • Eric R. I. Crawford•5 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•8 CommentsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Today, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•5 CommentsIs California Eliminating Incentives For All Teslas?TSLA• Today, 2:05 PM • Donn Bailey•50 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAudacious Reaction To Domino'sDPZ• Today, 1:24 PM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsVenator Materials Readies $477 Million IPO From HuntsmanVNTR• Today, 1:18 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsDespite The Dominance, Don't Get Too Comfortable With Big Tech StocksFB, AAPL, AMZN• Today, 12:47 PM • Shareholders Unite•3 CommentsSnap-on: The Market Rightfully Discounts Current MarginsSNA• Today, 12:35 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Today, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsHas The CSX Story Ended?CSX• Today, 12:13 PM • Jonathan Weber•2 Comments9 Great Investment Ideas For 2017 - Q2 ReportAAPL, NXP, T• Today, 12:11 PM • Bram de Haas•14 CommentsAlibaba Firing On All CylindersBABA• Today, 12:05 PM • Jonathan Faison•15 CommentsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Today, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•8 CommentsAs August 1st Brings Calm To Crypto, Now Is The Time To Buy EtherGBTC, COIN• Today, 11:32 AM • Freedonia Freelance•2 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan: The Fight For SurvivalFCX• Today, 11:29 AM • Quad 7 Capital•19 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•8 CommentsNew Docs Undermine Government's Legal Defense Of GSE NWSFNMA, FMCC• Today, 11:18 AM • Glen Bradford•59 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Today, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentSmall Cap Trading At Large Discount To Book ValueASFI• Today, 10:46 AM • Christopher Speetzen•3 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Today, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•9 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Today, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalBank Of America: Comparing Management Performance To JPMorgan, Citigroup And Wells FargoBAC• Today, 9:52 AM • Chris B Murphy•2 CommentsCal-Maine Foods - Challenging Conditions PrevailCALM• Today, 9:48 AM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Today, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Today, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•32 CommentsMacy's: This One Is For Contrarian Bargain HuntersM• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•2 CommentsBB&T: Buy This Bank Before It Becomes A PowerhouseBBT• Today, 9:24 AM • Orlando Vega•3 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsCobalt Miners News For The Month Of July 2017ARRRF, BAR, BHP• Today, 9:16 AM • Matt Bohlsen•8 CommentsThis Unknown Growth Play From The Food Industry Offers A Great Value PropositionIVFH• Today, 8:41 AM • Value Digger•3 CommentsHere's How I'm Managing My Long-Term Position In Home DepotHD• Today, 8:20 AM • James Sands•11 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•13 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating Users And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•47 CommentsScreaming Buy - Las Vegas SandsLVS• Today, 7:56 AM • Leo Nelissen•24 CommentsGame Plan For The Week - Cramer's Mad Money (7/24/17)CAT, MMM, UTX• Today, 7:43 AM • SA Editor Mohit ManghnaniUnion Pacific: Driving Toward Our Worst-Case ValuationUNP• Today, 7:39 AM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•20 CommentsBoeing 787 Needs Aggressive Cost CuttingBA• Today, 7:00 AM • Dhierin Bechai•17 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Today, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Today, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsIs Teranga Gold Still A Solid Growth Stock?TGCDF• Today, 5:27 AM • Gold Mining Bull•9 CommentsThis Is Ground Control To Exchange Income, Your Equity Is CrashingEIFZF• Today, 5:19 AM • Bank On Insight•13 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsQualcomm Should Pay More For NXP Semiconductors - Cramer's Lightning Round (7/24/17)MAR, K, CVNA• Today, 5:07 AM • SA Editor Mohit Manghnani123456...2522Next Page





Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasGazprom Is Ridiculously CheapGZPFY, OGZPY• Today, 6:44 PM • Hendrik ReimersDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Today, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Today, 5:28 PM • Strong BioMid-Con Energy Q2 2017 ForecastMCEP• Today, 5:25 PM • JSG_DRIP•8 CommentsCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Today, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•5 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•1 CommentNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Today, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioWhat Does Hibbett's Horrible Quarter Say About Foot Locker?FL• Today, 4:02 PM • Detroit Bear•2 CommentsAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Today, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•4 CommentsCameco: Uranium Rebound PlayCCJ• Today, 3:49 PM • Samuel Smith•32 CommentsWill We Get A Monarch Earnings Surprise?MCRI• Today, 3:37 PM • Howard Jay Klein•2 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Today, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•13 CommentsMorgan Stanley: Still Very CheapMS• Today, 3:31 PM • The First Mover•2 CommentsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Today, 3:03 PM • Strong BioPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsWestport Fuel Systems: Consensus EBIT Estimates Miss The MarkWPRT• Today, 2:22 PM • Eric R. I. Crawford•5 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•8 CommentsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Today, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•5 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAudacious Reaction To Domino'sDPZ• Today, 1:24 PM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Today, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsHas The CSX Story Ended?CSX• Today, 12:13 PM • Jonathan Weber•2 CommentsAlibaba Firing On All CylindersBABA• Today, 12:05 PM • Jonathan Faison•15 CommentsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Today, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•8 CommentsAs August 1st Brings Calm To Crypto, Now Is The Time To Buy EtherGBTC, COIN• Today, 11:32 AM • Freedonia Freelance•2 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan: The Fight For SurvivalFCX• Today, 11:29 AM • Quad 7 Capital•19 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•8 CommentsNew Docs Undermine Government's Legal Defense Of GSE NWSFNMA, FMCC• Today, 11:18 AM • Glen Bradford•59 CommentsSmall Cap Trading At Large Discount To Book ValueASFI• Today, 10:46 AM • Christopher Speetzen•3 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Today, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalBank Of America: Comparing Management Performance To JPMorgan, Citigroup And Wells FargoBAC• Today, 9:52 AM • Chris B Murphy•2 CommentsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Today, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•32 CommentsMacy's: This One Is For Contrarian Bargain HuntersM• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•2 CommentsBB&T: Buy This Bank Before It Becomes A PowerhouseBBT• Today, 9:24 AM • Orlando Vega•3 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsThis Unknown Growth Play From The Food Industry Offers A Great Value PropositionIVFH• Today, 8:41 AM • Value Digger•3 CommentsScreaming Buy - Las Vegas SandsLVS• Today, 7:56 AM • Leo Nelissen•24 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsIs Teranga Gold Still A Solid Growth Stock?TGCDF• Today, 5:27 AM • Gold Mining Bull•9 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsFarmland Partners Inc. Is Poised For Long-Term GrowthFPI• Today, 4:53 AM • Nicholas Klemm•3 CommentsVisa: We Called $100V• Today, 2:24 AM • RobinhoodStrategy•10 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•4 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•68 CommentsMalone's Trading Record Bodes Well For Liberty Latin AmericaLILA, LILAK• Yesterday, 8:56 PM • Global Value Scanner•4 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•13 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•6 CommentsWhat To Look For In Magellan Midstream Partners' Results For Q2 2017MMP• Yesterday, 7:03 PM • Ron HiramGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•157 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•21 CommentsVisa - Unphased By Economic 'Bad News'V• Yesterday, 4:05 PM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•35 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•68 CommentsYY, Inc.: Better Than Momo?YY• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • Focus Equity•11 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick Cox•1 CommentALR's Stock Of The Week: Interface Inc.TILE• Yesterday, 3:10 PM • Paul Price•4 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•79 CommentsFoot Locker: Its Time To BuyFL• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • L&F Capital Management•26 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Yesterday, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsTrustCo: A Dazzling Regional BankTRST• Yesterday, 2:28 PM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments123456...1576Next Page





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksAmgen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMGN• Today, 6:02 PM • SA TranscriptsDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Today, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Today, 5:28 PM • Strong BioCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Today, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•5 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Today, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•2 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Today, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Today, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•4 CommentsSamsung Leaps Into Its First U.S. Biosimilars BattleJNJ, MRK, PFE• Today, 3:43 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGilead: Q2 Earnings PreviewGILD• Today, 3:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsAiming For A New Angle On Liquid BiopsyANPCY• Today, 3:38 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentMerck's Keynote Falls Flat, And That's Just FineMRK• Today, 3:34 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGenocea Biosciences's (GNCA) Conference Call On Positive GEN-003 Phase 2b Results - SlideshowGNCA• Today, 3:32 PM • SA TranscriptsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Today, 3:03 PM • Strong BioVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Today, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Today, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•6 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Today, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Today, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•8 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Today, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•9 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Today, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•3 CommentsEli Lilly and Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLY• Today, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsBiogen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBIIB• Today, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsAbbVie's Long Shot At Proving Rova-T Doubters WrongABBV• Today, 7:29 AM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsLilly Hopes To Bloom Through Nektar AttractionLLY, NKTR• Today, 7:22 AM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Today, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•1 Comment3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsQ2 Earnings Should Be The Catalyst For Valeant's Next Leg HigherVRX• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • Michael Lynch•69 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•68 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Yesterday, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•31 CommentsReata Pharmaceuticals (RETA) Cardinal Phase 2 Results And Update - SlideshowRETA• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•38 CommentsHerbalife: When An EPS Raise Isn't Really A RaiseHLF• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Gary Milne•11 CommentsMerck: A Slow Growth Income Play With Moderate Growth PotentialMRK• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Stamm•11 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Yesterday, 12:05 PM • Gaurao Bhade•1 CommentZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•11 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Dynavax Technologies' Moment Of Truth ArrivesCNCE, CYTX, DVAX• Yesterday, 10:52 AM • Bret Jensen•20 CommentsParatek Puts Skin In The Infection GamePRTK• Yesterday, 8:24 AM • Strong Bio•27 CommentsAnthem: Tread Carefully Into EarningsANTM• Yesterday, 8:20 AM • Benjamin HandlerSnippet Roundup: A Lingering Lingo And 2 More U.S. Green LightsGILD, JNJ, PRTK• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • EP VantageData Put A Dent In Ironwood's Expansion PlansIRWD• Yesterday, 7:26 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentUpdates To Syros Pharmaceuticals ThesisSYRS• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:02 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 23, 2017BMY, KITE, MRK• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•8 CommentsAmgen And Novartis: First Mover Advantage Is A MustAMGN, NVS• Sun, Jul. 23, 2:21 AM • Long Term Bio•2 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•9 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•13 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•3 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•73 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•15 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•20 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•17 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdams•3 CommentsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•9 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•3 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•26 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•13 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•52 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•98 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•59 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•17 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer Osborne•1 CommentIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA TranscriptsAerie Pharmaceuticals (AERI) Roclatan Mercury 1 Phase 3 12-month Topline Results - SlideshowAERI• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:56 PM • SA TranscriptsIs The FDA Biotech's Best Friend?BDSI, ENDP, FOLD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:54 AM • Bret Jensen•29 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•126 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 20, 2017AMGN, RDHL, VRTX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsFonar's medical diagnostic centers are delivering great returnsFONR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 AM • Blue Tower Asset Management, LLC•6 CommentsRaise After Raise: Sarepta Shares Are Still A BuySRPT• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:08 AM • Jonathan Faison•18 Comments123456...468Next Page
























ACST: Acasti Pharma, Inc. - Full Company Report - Zacks.com














































 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 Acasti Pharma, Inc. (ACST)
(Real Time Quote from BATS)



$1.41 USD
1.41
7,880


                -0.04                (-3.03%)
              

Updated Jul 25, 2017 03:58 PM ET

After-Market: 
                $1.41

                +0.13 (10.16%) 
                1:41 AM ET





Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



 




Style Scores:



NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Bottom 25%(198 out of 265) 
Industry: Medical - Generic Drugs




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        






Acasti Pharma, Inc. (ACST) Quote Overview »
                More Research »
                Acasti Pharma, Inc. (ACST)  Full Company Report 










Company Summary














Acasti Pharma Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. It is focused on research, development and commercialization of krill oil based forms of omega-3 phospholipid therapies. CaPre (R), Acasti's only prescription drug candidate, is being developed to help prevent and treat hypertriglyceridemia. ONEMIA (R) is a medical food and currently Acasti's only commercialized product. Acasti Pharma Inc. is headquartered in Laval, Canada.   




General Information
Acasti Pharma, Inc.
545  Promenade du Centropolis  Suite 100 
Laval, A8 H7T 0A3 
Phone: 45-0686-4555 
Fax: 45-0686-2505 
Web: http://www.acastipharma.com 
Email: jessica@canalecomm.com



Industry
Medical - Generic Drugs


Sector
Medical


Fiscal Year End
February


Last Reported Quarter
5/31/2017


Next EPS Date
NA







EPS Information



Current Quarter EPS Consensus Estimate
NA


Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate
NA


Estimated Long-Term EPS Growth Rate
NA


Next EPS Report Date
NA










Chart for ACST



Interactive Chart | Fundamental Charts







 
Consensus Recommendations



Current (1=Strong Buy, 5=Strong Sell)
NA


30 Days Ago
NA


60 Days Ago
NA


90 Days Ago
NA



 







Price and Volume Information




Zacks Rank



Yesterday's Close
1.32


52 Week High
3.09


52 Week Low
1.11


Beta
1.22


20 Day Moving Average
11,147.15


Target Price Consensus
0.00



  



% Price Change


4 Week
1.54


12 Week
3.13


YTD
2.40




% Price Change Relative to S&P 500


4 Week
0.27


12 Week
-0.28


YTD
-7.28






Share Information


Shares Outstanding (millions)
14.71


Market Capitalization (millions)
19.42


Short Ratio
NA


Last Split Date
10/15/2015




Dividend Information


Dividend Yield
0.00%


Annual Dividend
$0.00


Payout Ratio
NA


Change in Payout Ratio
NA


Last Dividend Payout / Amount
NA /  $0.00






Fundamental Ratios


P/E


P/E (F1)
NA


Trailing 12 Months
NA


PEG Ratio
NA




EPS Growth


vs. Previous Year
-30.77%


vs. Previous Quarter
0.00%


 
 




Sales Growth


vs. Previous Year
-75.00%


vs. Previous Quarter
-66.67%


 
 






Price Ratios


Price/Book
1.13


Price/Cash Flow
NA


Price / Sales
924.75




ROE


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
-47.38


11/30/16
-41.58




ROA


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
-43.03


11/30/16
-38.96






Current Ratio


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
4.55


11/30/16
3.52




Quick Ratio


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
4.55


11/30/16
3.52




Operating Margin


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
NA


11/30/16
-35,290.48






Net Margin


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
NA


11/30/16
-35,290.48




Pre-Tax Margin


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
NA


11/30/16
-35,428.57




Book Value


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
1.17


11/30/16
1.39






Inventory Turnover


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
NA


11/30/16
NA




Debt-to-Equity


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
0.06


11/30/16
0.00




Debt to Capital


5/31/17
NA


2/28/17
5.79


11/30/16
0.00

















 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































GoBoldly - Latest news and stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































DO NOT GO GENTLE

















DO NOT GO GENTLE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







This is the most exciting time in the history of medicine. Millions of people around the world are benefiting from breakthrough treatments that save, extend and improve life.
Research, technology and genomics are coming together to create a platform that allows researchers to decipher the cause of disease as never before. Each advance opens new doors, new cures, new treatments.
And yet, it’s not enough.
"Today's breakthroughs become tomorrow's medicines." Tweet
Cures don’t appear on a schedule. In search of the unknowable, in search of curing the incurable, there is no one map, no singular template, no predictable milestones.
Finding lifesaving medicines is a life’s work – the work of thousands of researchers who never say never. It's also the work of millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like groundbreaking advances in immunotherapy and personalized medicine – where the once impossible is now reality.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Dylan Thomas penned "Do not go gentle into that good night" in 1947, but the sentiment is as timely today as it ever was. Millions of Americans are battling serious illnesses, but they’re not alone in the fight. They have the support of thousands of biopharmaceutical researchers whose lives are dedicated to helping patients go boldly into longer, healthier, and more productive lives.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Cells One

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 

















A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer. But what was once the fruit of a wild imagination is today a reality.
Rather than killing cancer cells directly with traditional approaches like radiation or chemotherapy, immunotherapy harnesses the immune system’s power to eliminate the cancer or slow its growth and ability to spread. Research shows immunotherapy is improving outcomes and survival rates for some patients, including kidney and lung cancer. In fact, research from the American Association for Cancer Research shows that for advanced-melanoma patients, survival rates are improving thanks in part to these new treatment options.
"It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer." Tweet
Biopharmaceutical researchers are urgently working to gain new insights into the complex interactions between patients’ immune systems and the cancer cells growing in their bodies with the goal of markedly improving outcomes in more tumor types.
With 836 medicines and vaccines in development for cancer, 80 percent of which have the potential to be first-in-class treatments, millions of Americans living with cancer have hope for a brighter future.
Welcome to the new era of medicine.
For all of us.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Diabetes

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE

















HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







Diabetes is a serious condition that effects more than 30 million Americans. While complications of the disease can be dire, there is hope. Biopharmaceutical researchers are helping patients manage the condition today and envision a bright outlook for future treatments.
Diabetes: the patient perspective
Diabetes is a general term for a chronic condition where there is too much glucose (sugar) in the blood. Normally, the pancreas makes insulin to help convert glucose into energy. With diabetes, the body either does not make enough insulin (type 1 diabetes) or does not use it properly (type 2 diabetes), leading to high blood glucose levels. Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to serious health complications, such as heart attack, lower-limb amputation, vision impairment and blindness.
Endocrinologist Dr. William "Bill" Chin has experience treating endocrine disorders, including diabetes. As chief medical officer at PhRMA, he works to ensure that patient voices are heard, drawing on his dual experience as a physician and as the parent of a child with diabetes. When Dr. Chin's son, Danny, was 15, he began experiencing telltale symptoms like excessive thirst. Dr. Chin diagnosed his son himself with type 1 diabetes.
He says, "I don’t think any parent is ever prepared to learn that one of our kids has developed a disease, particularly one that will be chronic. In many ways it’s forever, but the good news is we have great therapies that actually will allow a patient with diabetes to live a full and completely normal life if it’s well managed."
The changing landscape of diabetes treatment
The medications that Danny relies on have come a long way in the last ten years. A decade ago, a number of insulin options were available to patients, as well as oral and injected medications. Successful management of diabetes required constant and diligent monitoring of glucose levels. To control their glucose, patients needed multiple daily injections and/or multiple oral medicines.
In recent years, researchers have focused on making treatments much easier for patients, from fewer pills to less frequent injections. Careful monitoring and treatment are still needed, but current medicines in development offer a promising future.
There are 171 medicines currently in development for type 1 and type 2 diabetes and diabetes-related conditions. A new wave of treatments is offering patients better or more sustained control over their glucose levels. Other medicines in the pipeline may address diabetes-related complications that affect the kidneys, blood vessels and eyes. All of the medicines are in clinical trials or awaiting review by the FDA.
While these advances have improved patient quality of life and increased lifespans for type 1 diabetes, ongoing research remains critical. In fact, diabetes was the seventh leading cause of death in the United States in 2013.
Dr. Chin says, "Collaboration is incredibly important in the understanding and development of new treatments for diabetes ... we are continually seeking to advance our understanding of the disease. This can only be achieved by having academic scientists and physician scientists working closely with scientists in the biopharmaceutical industry."
For more information, download the PhRMA report.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



REPORT: MEDICINES IN DEVELOPMENT FOR DIABETES
More than 170 medicines are being developed for diabetes and diabetes-related conditions.
READ THE REPORT



IMPROVING DIABETES TREATMENT
Expanded treatment options help improve diabetes management and quality of life.
VIEW THE GALLERY



REPORT: A DECADE IN PROGRESS TREATING CHRONIC DISEASES
In the last 10 years, incredible progress has been made by the biopharmaceutical industry.
READ THE REPORT





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print






































GoBoldly -

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



















































We cannot take progress for granted

















We cannot take progress for granted





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







We are in a new era of medical discovery and have the potential to revolutionize the treatment of costly and debilitating diseases. But we must not take this progress for granted.  To ensure medical innovation continues for the benefit of patients we need public policies that reward the investment and time it takes to develop life-saving treatments and cures.
In order to enhance competition and improve affordability for patients, our country must:
1)    Make medicines more affordable by rewarding value
 Today, America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies are partnering with health insurers to improve how we pay for medicines. Prices for medicines may vary based on how well an individual responds to treatment, or agreements may lower co-pays if patients achieve better health outcomes. While these partnerships will vary, they are helping to ensure we get the right medicine to the right patient at the right time – improving care and lowering costs across the health care system.
Yet, outdated regulations prevent wider use of these new payment arrangements.  Government rules and regulations should not prevent the private sector from developing better ways to pay for medicines. Rather, we must ensure health plans can cover more of the newest medicines and give patients more choices – improving care and lowering health care costs for Americans.
2)    Ensure patients get the best deal on medicines
America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies often negotiate large rebates for prescription medicines with insurers and pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs). Those rebates are growing every year and now exceed $100 billion per year – helping to hold down health care costs for patients and taxpayers.
But we can do more to ensure patients benefit directly from these negotiated savings, and put an end to an unfair practice that requires patients to buy medicines at full price, even when their insurers get a rebate. In fact, patients with large deductibles can end up paying more than their insurer pays for their medicine.  That’s wrong. Health insurance companies should share with patients the discounts they receive. This could lower out-of-pocket costs for some patients by hundreds – if not thousands – of dollars every year.
3)    Make new breakthroughs accessible, and promote competition
We need to make it make it easier for patients to get access to breakthrough medicines. It simply takes too long to get new medicines approved – over 10 years and over one billion dollars, on average.  Outdated regulations and approaches for evaluating drugs can slow things down even more. To get medicines approved faster, while ensuring safety, we need to modernize the FDA with new technologies and expertise to keep up with 21st century science. Modernizing the FDA will bring down the time and cost of developing new medicines, which will bring medicines to patients faster, and enhance competition in the market.
We also need to reduce the backlog of applications for generic medicines at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  This will ensure that patients benefit as less expensive generic medicines replace higher cost treatments that have lost patent protection. 
At the same time, we must avoid policies that deter risk-taking or siphon funding away from the research and development of new medicines for patients. Learn more about our plan to build a sustainable, science-based health care system that harnesses today’s hopes to discover tomorrow’s cures here.










      RELATED NEWS
    



Must-know facts about drug costs
Did you know due to negotiation and competition medicine costs are growing at the slowest rate in years? 
Learn the facts



Do not go gentle
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Watch the video



The Science behind the logo
Explore how genomics and new personalized treatments are helping patients have longer, healthier lives.
Read the article





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print





















acasti pharma inc - Health 24/7 - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation



















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










15% Off - Pharmaca® - Official Store | pharmaca.com



Ad
 ·
www.pharmaca.com/​Pharmaca/​15%_Off



Shop Pharmaca® 15% Off and Get Free Shipping on Orders $35+.


pharmaca.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(19,467 reviews)





New Chapter 40% Off



Best Selling Supplements



Exclusive Savings




Acure 20% Off



Dr. Hauschka 25% Off



Garden Of Life 30% Off





Prescription Assistance - Patient Assistance Programs.



Ad
 ·
www.scbn.org



Patient Assistance Programs. For Low Income, Uninsured Patients




Prescription Assistance - Over 1400 Medications Available.



Ad
 ·
www.myrxadvocate.com



Over 1400 Medications Available. Annual Income under $42k to qualify.




Searches related toacasti pharma inc



acasti pharma inc stock


acasti pharma news


acasti pharma careers


acst stock



adapt pharma inc stock


acasti pharma inc atlanta ga


acst


adapt pharma stock




Web Results

Acasti Pharma – RESEARCH EXCELLENCE

www.acastipharma.com


Acasti Pharma is advancing a potentially best-in-class omega-3 therapeutic for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia. Our Science. Sourced from krill, ...



Investors



Our Science



Contact



About Us



ACST Stock Price - Acasti Pharma Inc. Stock Quote (U.S ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/ACST


Acasti Pharma Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Acasti Pharma Inc - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/ACST:US


Stock analysis for Acasti Pharma Inc (ACST:NASDAQ CM) including stock price, stock chart, company news, key statistics, fundamentals and company profile.


Acasti Pharma, Inc. Competitors - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/acst/competitors


Acasti Pharma, Inc. (ACST) Competitors - View direct and indirect business competitors for Acasti Pharma, Inc. and all the companies you research at NASDAQ.com


ACST Profile | Acasti Pharma, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ACST/profile


See the company profile for Acasti Pharma, Inc. (ACST) including business summary, industry/sector information, number of employees, business summary, corporate ...


Acasti Pharma Inc. - MarketWatch

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/ACST?countrycode=CA


Acasti Pharma Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Acasti Pharma Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Acasti Pharma Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


ACASTI PHARMA INC - tradingview.com

https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/NASDAQ-ACST


ACASTI PHARMA INC (ACST) — free ACASTI PHARMA INC charts and price quotes online on the best financial platform TradingView. Trading ideas for NASDAQ:ACST from the ...


ACST stock quote - Acasti Pharma, Inc. Class A Common ...

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/acst


Stock quote for Acasti Pharma, Inc. Class A Common Stock (ACST) - Get real-time last sale and extended hours stock prices, company news, charts, and company-specific ...










15% Off - Pharmaca® - Official Store | pharmaca.com



Ad
 ·
www.pharmaca.com/​Pharmaca/​15%_Off



Shop Pharmaca® 15% Off and Get Free Shipping on Orders $35+.


pharmaca.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(19,467 reviews)





New Chapter 40% Off



Best Selling Supplements



Exclusive Savings




Acure 20% Off



Dr. Hauschka 25% Off



Garden Of Life 30% Off





Prescription Assistance - Patient Assistance Programs.



Ad
 ·
www.scbn.org



Patient Assistance Programs. For Low Income, Uninsured Patients




Prescription Assistance - Over 1400 Medications Available.



Ad
 ·
www.myrxadvocate.com



Over 1400 Medications Available. Annual Income under $42k to qualify.



Searches related toacasti pharma inc



acasti pharma inc stock


acasti pharma news


acasti pharma careers


acst stock



adapt pharma inc stock


acasti pharma inc atlanta ga


acst


adapt pharma stock




12345Next






Answers







Neptune Wellness Solutions



approximately 48% owned subsidiary Acasti Pharma Inc. (“Acasti”). Acasti focuses on the research, development and commercialization of new krill...

more






List of companies listed on the TSX...



Metals & Mining Aben Resources Ltd. Metals & Mining Abenteuer Resources Corp. Oil & Gas - E&P Abington Resources Ltd. Oil & Gas - E&P Abitibi Royalties...

more






OBI Pharma, Inc.



OBI Pharma, Inc.(台灣浩鼎生技股份有限公司) is a biopharmaceutical company, based in Nangang District, Taipei City,...

more





















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













acasti pharma inc - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











15% Off - Pharmaca® - Official Store | pharmaca.com



Ad
 ·
www.pharmaca.com/​Pharmaca/​15%_Off



Shop Pharmaca® 15% Off and Get Free Shipping on Orders $35+.





New Chapter 40% Off



Best Selling Supplements



Exclusive Savings




Acure 20% Off



Dr. Hauschka 25% Off



Garden Of Life 30% Off





Prescription Assistance - Patient Assistance Programs.



Ad
 ·
www.scbn.org



Patient Assistance Programs. For Low Income, Uninsured Patients




Prescription Assistance - Over 1400 Medications Available.



Ad
 ·
www.myrxadvocate.com



Over 1400 Medications Available. Annual Income under $42k to qualify.




Prescription Assistance | SimpleFill.com



Ad
 ·
www.SimpleFill.com/​PrescriptionHelp



Do Your Medications Cost $100 or More a Month? Let Simple Fill Help!





About SimpleFill



How It Works



Apply for Help



Common Questions
















Neptune Wellness Solutions




approximately 48% owned subsidiary Acasti Pharma Inc. (“Acasti”). Acasti focuses on the research, development and commercialization of new krill

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

ACASTI PHARMA INC ACST - aol.com

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/toronto/acasti-pharma-inc-acst


View the basic ACST stock information on AOL Finance and compare ACASTI-PHARMA-INC against other companies


Stock price and news - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/lookup/ACAS


Acasti Pharma Inc: NASDAQ: Quote Detail > AEF: Acasta Enterprises Inc: TORONTO: Quote Detail > ACST: Acasti Pharma Inc: TORONTO: Quote Detail > ACASX: Access Capital ...


List of companies listed on the TSX Venture Exchange - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_companies_listed_on_the_TSX_Venture_Exchange


Acasti Pharma Inc. APO: Acceleware Ltd. AXE: Application Software: Access International Education Ltd. AOE: Education: ... Inc., a non-profit organization. ...


W S Darley&Co news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/w-s-darleyandco


All the latest news on W S Darley&Co. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, W S Darley&Co videos and more, on WOW.com










15% Off - Pharmaca® - Official Store | pharmaca.com



Ad
 ·
www.pharmaca.com/​Pharmaca/​15%_Off



Shop Pharmaca® 15% Off and Get Free Shipping on Orders $35+.





New Chapter 40% Off



Best Selling Supplements



Exclusive Savings




Acure 20% Off



Dr. Hauschka 25% Off



Garden Of Life 30% Off





Prescription Assistance - Patient Assistance Programs.



Ad
 ·
www.scbn.org



Patient Assistance Programs. For Low Income, Uninsured Patients




Prescription Assistance - Over 1400 Medications Available.



Ad
 ·
www.myrxadvocate.com



Over 1400 Medications Available. Annual Income under $42k to qualify.




Prescription Assistance | SimpleFill.com



Ad
 ·
www.SimpleFill.com/​PrescriptionHelp



Do Your Medications Cost $100 or More a Month? Let Simple Fill Help!





About SimpleFill



How It Works



Apply for Help



Common Questions




Searches related toacasti pharma inc



acasti pharma inc stock


acasti pharma news


acasti pharma careers


acst stock



adapt pharma inc stock


acasti pharma inc atlanta ga


acst


adapt pharma stock






Related Searches



acasti pharma inc stock


acasti pharma news


acasti pharma careers


acst stock


adapt pharma inc stock


acasti pharma inc atlanta ga


acst


adapt pharma stock




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








