



homepage - Accelmed






































































vision | 
strategy | 
team | 
portfolio | 
contact | 
 
 
 
 

 











Accelmed invests in private and public medical device companies around the world


Accelmed merges global businesses with promising medical device start-ups, creating significant revenue growth


Accelmed’s platform model has proven to provide high returns to investors, managers and entrepreneurs







Accelmed invests in private and public medical device companies around the world


Accelmed merges global businesses with promising medical device start-ups, creating significant revenue growth


Accelmed’s platform model has proven to provide high returns to investors, managers and entrepreneurs







Accelmed invests in private and public medical device companies around the world


Accelmed merges global businesses with promising medical device start-ups, creating significant revenue growth


Accelmed’s platform model has proven to provide high returns to investors, managers and entrepreneurs



 
 
 

 


 











         
    
 
 







 
Merging Med-Tech innovation with global commercial platforms 
 
Accelmed is an investment firm focused on value creation for medical device companies and technologies. Accelmed was founded in 2009 by Mori Arkin and Uri Geiger and invests in small and mid-cap private and public companies.
With its proven track record and large team of accomplished investment professionals, Accelmed’s vision is to create leading med-tech players by merging commercial platforms with small innovative growth companies, predominantly from Israel.
 
 
 
 
 



 

 










         
    
 
 







 
Integrating commercial platforms with innovation and providing growth equity to foster significant value creation
 
Accelmed brings its acumen in medical devices and its dominant presence in Israel to the Platform Model, which has already been implemented with great success.
Under the Platform model, Accelmed integrates innovative and market-ready medical device technologies into existing commercial companies that are able to effectively distribute and commercialize the new products.
Accelmed makes significant equity investments – or a combination of equity and debt – of between $20M and $50M per platform. In certain cases, in combination with its co-investing partners, investment can be increased to up to $300M.
We intend to acquire a significant interest in established medical device companies (in the US, Europe and potentially in China) with revenues in excess of $30M and which have an experienced direct sales force.
 

 
Proceeds of our investments will be used for both organic and inorganic growth through the acquisition and integration of innovative market ready medical device technologies identified and selected by Accelmed and the platform company management.
The acquired Israeli start-ups will serve as ongoing sources for cost-efficient R&D as, based on Accelmed’s proven experience with Israeli R&D teams,  they are not only innovative but also operate in a faster and more efficient way than their peers overseas.
 


 

 


Platform Case Studies




Endochoice – Platform Model Case Study
The Platform Model modus operandi is best illustrated through the merger between Peer Medical, an Israeli company and developer of the Full Spectrum Endoscope, and EndoChoice, a gastroenterology (GI) player in Atlanta, GA, which had a solid commercial infrastructure but which lacked innovative products.
By merging Peer into EndoChoice and the addition of working capital, Accelmed was able to transform EndoChoice from a commodity player into a cutting edge technology company. The merger, carried out in 2013, led to Endochoice’s emergence as a leading, global, GI player with sales above $75M in 2015 (more than doubled since the merger), high double-digit growth and a presence in more than 25 countries. EndoChoice completed a successful IPO on June 2015 and was sold to Boston Scientific in October 2016.
 

 
 
 
OIS – Platform Model Case Study
OIS is another example of the successful deployment of Accelmed’s Platform Model.
OIS, a California-based ophthalmic imaging systems player, acquired MediVision, the developer of an innovative retinal camera based on Israeli defense technology. The deal was financed and led by Accelmed, which held 44% of OIS’s shares post-merger in 2009. Within two years, OIS was sold, providing Accelmed with an outstanding return.
 

 
 


 

 
 
 










         
    

 
 

     


 
Team




+





Mori Arkin


Co-Founder and Chairman of the Investment Committee




 








Mori Arkin is one of Israel’s most successful life science entrepreneurs. He was the principal shareholder and Chairman of Agis Industries (1983) Ltd., from its establishment until its merger with Perrigo in 2005. Agis, one of the leading generic pharmaceutical companies in Israel, merged with US-based, Perrigo in March 2005 in an $850 million transaction. Mr. Arkin has a degree in psychology and philosophy from the Tel Aviv University.















+





Dr. Uri Geiger


Co-Founder and Managing Partner




 








Uri Geiger brings extensive entrepreneurial, management and investment know-how, having created and built many successful medical device enterprises.
Until January 2009, Dr. Geiger served as CEO of Exalenz Bioscience Ltd. (TASE:EXEN), developer of an innovative breath-based technology for diagnosing liver and gastrointestinal disorders that was acquired from Oridion Systems (today part of Covidien) and Dr. Geiger took public in 2007.
He previously co-founded and was the CEO of GalayOr Networks, a developer of optical components, sold in 2003 to MEMSCAP (EuroNext: MEMS). Dr. Geiger is also the founding partner of Dragon Variation Fund, one of Israel’s first hedge funds, which was sold to Migdal in 2007. Dr. Geiger worked on Wall Street during the 1990s, where he gained a broad understanding of capital markets and significant experience, which he put to use after returning to Israel in 1999.
Dr. Geiger was formerly an adjunct professor at the Recanati Business School at Tel Aviv University, where he lectured on private equity and venture capital. He is the author of the books: Startup Companies and Venture Capital (Tel Aviv University Press, 2001) and From Concept to Wall Street (Financial Times – Prentice Hall, 2003). He earned his doctorate from New York’s Columbia University Center for Law & Economics, where he majored in global equity markets. Dr. Geiger served as a major in the Israeli Air Force.















+





Dr. Irit Yaniv M.D., MBA


General Partner




 








Irit Yaniv is an experienced and accomplished senior executive in the Medtech industry, and has held CEO positions with medical device companies Impulse Dynamics and MetaCure. She plays an important role in leading Accelmed’s early stage portfolio companies, serving either as Chairperson or as an active board member. Dr. Yaniv holds an MD degree from the Ben-Gurion University and an MBA from the Recanati Business School at Tel Aviv University.















+





Ilan Ben Oren


Partner & CTO




 








Mr. Ben Oren brings more than 20 years’ experience in R&D and management in the medical equipment field. 
Mr. Ben Oren assists Accelmed’s portfolio companies in various development tasks. Prior to joining Accelmed, he served as the CTO of Exalenz Bioscience Ltd., (TASE:EXEN) a developer of an innovative breath-based technology for diagnosing liver and gastrointestinal disorders. Prior to that, Mr. Ben Oren held various positions from project manager to CTO at Oridion Medical (SWX:ORIDN).
Earlier in his career, he worked as a senior physicist at Scitex Ltd. (NASDAQ:SCIX) and participated for five years in applied research at the laser center of Hadassah Hospital, Ein-Kerem, and the Hebrew University.
Mr. Ben Oren is the author of more than 20 patents and patent applications in the field of medical technologies and electro-optics. He holds a master’s degree in applied physics and the science of materials (summa cum laude) from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.















+





Amir Blatt


Partner




 








Amir Blatt brings wide experience in both the investment and medical device fields. Prior to joining Accelmed, Mr. Blatt was an analyst at Goren Capital Group, advising investors, TA-25 companies, and the Government of Israel on M&A activity.
Previously, Mr. Blatt held several sales and marketing positions with Dover Medical Devices, the J&J distributor of diagnostics equipment in Israel. Mr. Blatt graduated as a biotechnology engineer from the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa, and holds an MBA from the Recanati School of Management at Tel Aviv University.















+





Dr. Guy Ohad


Chief Medical Officer




 








Dr. Guy Ohad is a radiologist with rich experience in the field of technology and medical devices. His most recent positions include CEO at POP Medical solutions a woman’s health company developing a minimal invasive device for treatment of pelvic organ prolapse.
Before this he was VP of clinical and business development of the CR product line at Orex a CSH company (Former Kodak). In addition he served as a consultant to several medical device companies and served as clinical advisor at Medica VC.
Dr. Ohad holds a M.D. from Tel Aviv university.















+





Dr. Susan Alpert, M.D., Ph.D.


Chief Regulatory Officer




 








Susan Alpert, formerly Chief Regulatory Officer of Medtronic, is Accelmed’s senior regulatory and clinical advisor. She provides services to Accelmed on a part time (50%) basis, working with Accelmed portfolio companies as well as assisting Accelmed in reviewing and evaluating investment opportunities.
Dr. Alpert has held the positions of senior vice president and chief regulatory officer at Medtronic until 2012 and had a similar role at C.R. Bard (NYSE:BCR). Before joining Medtronic, she held a number of positions with the FDA including as Director of the FDA’s Office of Device Evaluation.
Dr. Alpert holds MD and Ph.D. in infectious diseases from the NYC School of Medicine. 















+





Nadav Shimoni


Associate




 








Madav Shimoni completed his medical studies at the Ben Gurion University (BGU) of the Negev in Beer Sheva.
Mr. Shimoni previously served as a project manager at an IDF elite technological unit, gaining significant experience in developing and designing complex mechanical elements. In addition, he is an Anatomy Teaching Assistant at the Medical School for International Health (MSIH) – a collaboration between BGU and Columbia University Medical Center. He also engages in active volunteering work, including medical workshops for populations in need.















+





Nir Gilad


Analyst




 








Nir Gilad is involved with investment analysis and ongoing portfolio management. Prior to Accelmed, Mr. Gilad worked at the Israeli Ministry of Defense, as a Project Finance Analyst, leading the national project of relocating the IDF’s units to the south of Israel. Previously, he served as a Financial Analyst at the IDF’s elite technology unit, leading the unit’s economic analysis (Awarded with an honor for excellence).
Mr. Gilad is an Associate Mentor at the Global Business Studies Program at Coller School of Management at Tel Aviv University and he holds a BA in Economics and an MBA, both from Tel Aviv University.















+





Dr. Gilad Rotem


Analyst




 








Dr. Rotem holds an MD degree from the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa, Israel as well as a B.Sc. from Tel Aviv University in Industrial Engineering and another in Biology.
In addition, Mr. Rotem was formerly professional long-distance triathlete who has participated in numerous international competitions.
Mr. Rotem’s strong academic background and accomplishments in professional sports give him a unique perspective on health and athletics, making him a valued asset to the accelmed team.












 



Executives Network Accelmed enjoys close collaboration with a network of seasoned executives who have built, led and sold companies for billions of dollars. These executives assist Accelmed in identifying and analyzing potential opportunities and may serve in key leadership roles in future platform companies. 

 

 










         
    
 
 

         
    



The portfolio reflects a diversity of strategies employed in Accelmed’s first and second funds.




 
Platforms




+







Cogentix



 





Cogentix (NASDAQ:CGNT) is a US based global urology focused company. Its main areas of activity are in overactive bladder (OAB), advanced endoscopy systems and urethral bulking agents. 
http://www.cogentixmedical.com/
 













+







Endochoice (Sold)



 





A global platform-technology company focused on Gastrointestinal (GI) endoscopy. Endochoice has merged with Peer Medical, an Israeli company which developed of a unique endoscopy technology to form a leading player in the GI industry. Endochoice is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia with its R&D center based in Israel. Endochoice completed a successful IPO in June 2015 and was sold to Boston Scientific in October 2016.
http://www.endochoice.com













+







Ophthalmic Imaging Systems (sold)



 





Ophthalmic Imaging Systems (OIS) is a leading provider of ophthalmic imaging and informatics solutions. OIS was the first investment of Accelmed (closed Q2/2009) and was sold two years later (Q2/2011) to Merge Healthcare (NASDAQ: MERGE).
http://www.canadianpharmacy365.net/” target=”_blank”>http://www.canadianpharmacy365.net/













+







Volcano (sold)



 





Through its multi-modality platform, Volcano Corporation (NASDAQ: VOLC) is the global leader in intravascular imaging for coronary, peripheral and physiology applications. Accelmed took a role of an active investor in the company which contributed to a successful acquisition by Philips only a few months later.
http://www.volcanocorp.com











 
Targeted Innovation




+







Corvia



 





Corvia is developing the first transcatheter device to treat congestive heart failure (CHF). The company’s innovative IASD™ (InterAtrial Shunt Device) System is designed to relieve increased left atrial pressure.
http://corviamedical.com/













+







Valcare Medical



 





Valcare Medical was founded in 2012 and is dedicated to designing, developing and commercializing devices and accessories for minimally invasive treatment of heart valve disease.
http://www.valcaremedical.com













+







Digma



 





Digma Medical is an exciting new medical device startup that is focused on developing innovative solutions to metabolic diseases.













+







SoniVie



 





SoniVie is developing an advanced denervation solution to treat pulmonary hypertension.











 
Incubator




+







Eximo Medical



 





Eximo Medical Ltd. is an early stage start-up company founded in 2012. The company is developing a novel medical device based on a single use hybrid catheter for various medical applications that require precise and safe material removal. These applications have substantial and growing markets.
http://www.eximomedical.com













+







Memic



 





Memic innovative surgery ltd is an early stage robotic company that develops an innovative surgical robot. The Surgical robot is based on a novel design which enables intuitive control and a new surgical approach for laparoscopic procedures.













+







NitiNotes



 





NitiNotes is developing advanced non-surgical bariatric solutions.













+







ReVamp



 





ReVamp is offering an innovative temporary catheter for Acute Heart Failure (AHF), primarily targeting diuretic resistance patients











 
Venture Capital




+







CartiHeal



 





CartiHeal is the developer of proprietary, biocompatible and biodegradable off-the-shelf implants, for cartilage and bone regeneration. CartiHeal’s acellular implant is arthroscopically press-fit within a cartilage or osteochondral defect in a single-stage procedure and supports vessels formation followed by rapid invasion and adhesion of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells. The CE marked implant has significant load-bearing capability, allowing patients faster rehabilitation.
http://www.cartiheal.com













+







EndoSpan



 





EndoSpan Ltd. Is a VC-backed clinical-stage medical device start-up, developing a novel endovascular system, intended to provide the next generation in Endo-Vascular Aortic Aneurysm repair (EVAR). EndoSpan’s system aims to achieve a much smaller crossing profile compared with contemporary devices. The system is intended for unilateral and purely percutaneous approach, thus simplifying and significantly shortening the procedure.
http://www.endospan.com













+







Nitiloop



 





Nitiloop is dedicated to the development of cutting edge vascular support micro-catheters. Our technology provides superior operator-controlled positioning and support in multiple applications. Nitiloop brings to the market ‘first choice’ products to overcome difficult lesions.
http://www.nitiloop.com













+







Pi-Cardia



 





Pi-Cardia Ltd. is a medical device start-up company developing a novel low profile catheter for the treatment of aortic stenosis. The company’s proprietary technology is based on delivering mechanical impact for creating fractures in valve calcifications, without injuring the surrounding soft tissue. This treatment, which only takes several seconds, is intended to increase the valve effective orifice area without the need to replace the valve.
http://www.pi-cardia.com











 











Contact



US Office:
400 Madison Avenue, Suite 9B
New York, NY, 10017
Tel: +1-212-554-4601



Israel Office:
6 Hachoshlim St. 6th floor
Herzliya Pituach, 46120
Tel: +972-9-7885599

Email: info@accelmed.com



 



 


























 





ACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.
                    

•   HERZLIYA PITUACH, L3
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Accelmed Growth Partners is based out of Herzliya Pituach.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13D/G filings in our database for Accelmed Growth Partners. The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-03-08. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




accelmed growth partners, l.p.


6 HACHOSHLIM STREET, 6TH FLOOR

HERZLIYA PITUACH
L3
                                                        
                                                    4672406


              Business Phone:
              972-9-788-5599







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 03/08/2017
3 filed on 11/09/2016
SC 13D filed on 11/09/2016
D/A filed on 03/16/2016
D filed on 01/06/2016











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Cogentix Medical (CGNT)


      HEALTH CARE
    

      16,129,033
    

      25,322,581.81
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-11-03
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-03-08
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
300,000,000
124,000,000
176,000,000


2016-03-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
300,000,000
115,400,000
184,600,000


2016-01-06
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
300,000,000
110,900,000
189,100,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




(AGP) LTD. (GENERAL PARTNER OF THE GP)  ACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



(GP), L.P. (GENERAL PARTNER)  ACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



MOSHE   ARKIN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



URI   GEIGER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 














Cogentix receives $25 million infusion of capital from Accelmed Growth Partners - StarTribune.com



























































  























Continue to site
Snapshots

Star Tribune

A severe thunderstorm rolled past Lake Harriet towards downtown Minneapolis.
Photo: David Joles/Star Tribune


Buy Print
BUY




Twitter


Facebook


LinkedIn


Pinterest


SHARE


About
ABOUT






























































StarTribune



















More from the Homepage

prev



                                Senate votes to open health bill debate, but nothing is certain
                        



                                BCA warrant in Damond killing says woman 'slaps' squad car
                        



                                Twin Cities under severe thunderstorm watch until 11 p.m.
                        



                                Baby deliveries to end at St. Joseph's Hospital in St. Paul
                        



                                Justice Dept. rules intensify crackdown on sanctuary cities
                        



                                What senators really think: Hot mic reveals fears that Trump is 'crazy,' 'I'm worried'
                        



                                DeLaSalle guard Kalscheur verbally commits to Minnesota
                        



                                Fan who prompted Peter Frampton's Treasure Island meltdown laments her role
                        



                                Hormel launches snack packs with meat, cheeses and nuts
                        



                                How Jerry Kill ended up coaching in the Big Ten again
                        



                                Why we get brain freeze when eating ice cream — and tips for avoiding it
                        


next












Business
392632461
Cogentix receives $25 million infusion of capital from Accelmed Growth Partners
 Accelmed transaction helps clean up Cogentix's balance sheet and gives it cash to add to portfolio of products. 


By
                                                                                    Patrick Kennedy                                        Star Tribune
                    

        September 7, 2016 — 10:05pm
    
 






Text size







comment







share







tweet







email







Print




more


Share on:
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Google+
Share on Pinterest


Copy shortlink:



Purchase:
Order Reprint





Minnetonka medical device maker Cogentix Medical has received a $25 million equity investment to help the company grow and add more products.
Cogentix, which makes devices for urology, gynecology, bariatric medicine and other uses, entered into the securities purchase agreement with Accelmed Growth Partners L.P., a New York- and Israel-based private equity investment firm that specializes in building medical device companies, Cogentix said on Wednesday.
Under terms of the deal, Accelmed will purchase more than 16 million shares, or $25 million worth, of Cogentix stock for $1.55 per share — a 29 percent premium over the closing price on Tuesday and a 36 percent premium on the average price over the last 30 days.


Cogentix shares jumped 51 percent on the news, closing Wednesday at $1.81, up 60 cents.
As part of the deal, Cogentix will convert debt and accrued interest owed to one of its directors, Lewis Pell, into common shares. The company owes a total of $29.5 million to Pell — who waged and won a proxy fight earlier in the year that resulted in a change of CEOs. Debt owed to Pell will be converted into common stock at a price per share of $1.67.
Darin Hammers, the new president and CEO of Cogentix, said the deal cleans up the company’s balance sheet by erasing the company’s long-term debt while giving the company nearly $28 million in cash.
“This gives us resources to go out and identify innovative products to add to our lineup,” Hammers said.

Accelmed specializes in taking market-ready medical devices and improving their marketing and product distribution.
After the transaction, Pell and Accelmed will be the largest shareholders in Cogentix, respectively controlling 33 percent and 27 percent of Cogentix’s outstanding shares. Pell and Accelmed also have entered into a voting agreement to elect two new board members, nominated by Accelmed, to Cogentix’s existing six-person board of directors.
This changes the composition of Cogentix’s board for the second time this year, the first after Pell won his proxy fight in May.
One of the two new board members — and the next chairman of Cogentix’s board — will be Uri Geiger, a co-founder and managing partner of Accelmed. The other board nominee is Homi Shamir, former CEO of Given Imaging, a medical device company based in Israel that was acquired by Covidien in February 2014.
Geiger and Accelmed are committed to working with Hammers and the rest of Cogentix’s current leadership team, the companies said.

“We ... believe that with the appropriate resources and a well-planned business development strategy, Cogentix could expand into being one of the leaders in the urology marketplace,” said Geiger in a statement.
Cogentix Medical is the result of a December 2014 merger between two small medical device companies, Uroplasty Inc. and New Jersey-based Vision-Sciences Inc., where Pell was co-founder and chairman. During the 12 months ending June 30, Cogentix had $50.7 million in revenue and an operating profit, excluding one-time costs, of $1.5 million.
After the announcement of the deals Roth Capital Partners analyst Chris Lewis raised his recommendation on Cogentix from “neutral” to “buy” and raised the 12-month price target for shares of Cogentix to $2.20 per share.
“The proposed transactions would transform Cogentix’s capital structure, an overhang that has limited stock upside and new investor interest in the name since the Uroplasty/Vision Sciences merger,” Lewis wrote.
Shareholders are expected to vote and approve the changes by mid-November.

 



Patrick.Kennedy@startribune.com
612-673-7926
PKennedyStrib

 






View Comments







Read our comment standards

StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually
                        respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use.

Keep it civil and stay on topic.
No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks.
Comments with web links are not permitted.
Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting
                            privileges on StarTribune.com.
                        

Comments will be reviewed before being published.






Powered by Livefyre




            }
        









 
More from Star Tribune



                    Fan who prompted Peter Frampton's Treasure Island meltdown laments her role
                



                    What senators really think: Hot mic reveals fears that Trump is 'crazy,' 'I'm worried'
                



                    How Jerry Kill ended up coaching in the Big Ten again
                



                    Twin Cities under severe thunderstorm watch until 11 p.m.
                



                    BCA warrant in Damond killing says woman 'slaps' squad car
                



                    Fake Twin Cities street signs warn of 'easily startled' police
                



                    Heinrich confesses to abducting, killing Jacob Wetterling that day
                



                    'Failure to accept responsibility' leads to Robinson's firing by U
                



                    A note to readers
                



                    In court, loved ones confront awful truth of Jacob's last hours
                



                    Rite Aid and KLA-Tencor skid while Citigroup, Staples climb
                



                    Deere shares rise on deal to buy German road construction company
                



                    Polaris Industries to buy Transamerican Auto Parts for $665 million
                



                    Correction: Abbott-St Jude Acquisition story
                



                    Company news: Allete, Enteromedics announce executive retirements
                




More From Business



Variety


                  10 minutes ago
            


New York City's transit agency unveils $836M subway plan
 The head of New York City's transit agency on Tuesday unveiled an $836 million plan to stabilize the beleaguered subway system, and promised that riders would see progress within the next year.










National


                  20 minutes ago
            







Senate votes to open health bill debate, but nothing is certain
 Prodded by President Donald Trump, a bitterly divided Senate voted at last Tuesday to move forward with the Republicans' long-promised legislation to repeal and replace "Obamacare." There was high drama as Sen. John McCain returned to the Capitol for the first time after being diagnosed with brain cancer to vote.










National


                  23 minutes ago
            


Court nixes rifle target maker's defamation suit against NBC
 A rifle target maker missed its mark when it said in a lawsuit that NBC mischaracterized its exploding targets as bombs, a federal appeals court ruled Tuesday.










National


                  24 minutes ago
            


The Latest: Capitol Police arrest 95 in demonstrations
 The Latest on the effort by congressional Republicans to pass a health care bill (all times local):










Business


                  24 minutes ago
            


Chipotle says employee worked while ill at Va. location
 Chipotle says it believes an employee was working while sick at a Virginia location where dozens of customers reported becoming ill earlier this month with what health officials think was norovirus.




















        Top Stories
    






                    Senate votes to open health bill debate, but nothing is certain
                


                        20 minutes ago
            




                    BCA warrant in Damond killing says woman 'slaps' squad car
                


                        15 minutes ago
            




                    Twin Cities under severe thunderstorm watch until 11 p.m.
                


                        28 minutes ago
            







 




        Most Read
    



                Hormel launches snack packs with meat, cheeses and nuts
            

• Business




                3M investors take profits from record stock run after mixed 2Q results
            

• Business




                Wisconsin employees lining up for implantable microchips
            

• Business




                Schwan's acquires two more frozen pizza companies
            

• Business




                Sports franchises flock to Minneapolis marketing company
            

• Business




 
 











        World
    












Surprisingly, elite families in isolated North Korea actually use Gmail, Facebook, iTunes




Australian minister quits Cabinet because he might be Italian






        Nation
    












Trump's Boy Scouts speech broke with 80 years of presidential tradition




Wisconsin employees lining up for implantable microchips






        Politics
    












Senate votes to open health bill debate, but nothing is certain




Manafort talks with Senate panel about Russia meeting while another subpoenas him







markets





get quote

symbol lookup

 20 minute delay
last updated 









        Twins
    












Bellinger's home run sends Twins to loss, back to .500 on the season




Twins get Garcia deal done by sending Atlanta a different prospect








        Vikings
    












'Hello, goodbye': Vikings rookie seeks to fill big shoes on special teams




Murray: Injury giving other backs 'upper hand' for playing time






        MN United
    












Minnesota United stadium name goes global in deal with Allianz




Bruce Arena blends intense demands with humor to lead US






        Celebrities
    












Princes William, Harry remember their final call with Diana




'Home Alone' actor John Heard dies at 72 following back surgery













        Super Bowl LII
    












At MSP Airport, the day after the Super Bowl will be a super test




Minnesota Super Bowl volunteer center to open on Nicollet Mall






            poll
        












                Poll: Should the Twins be buyers or sellers as the trading deadline...
            







            top workplaces
        












                Was your company one of the Top Workplaces of 2017?
            





            Featured Gallery
        












                Russian ballet summer dance camp
            



12 photos
            The Academy of Russian Ballet runs a Summer Intensive Dance Camp from July ...
        










            Featured Video
        












                Fly over the new St. Croix River Bridge
            



01:52
            Set to open in August, the new bridge is over a mile long and will allow over ...
        



        Magazine
    












An act of racism stunned Delano; now the town is fighting back




Beauty and the bees: Aveda heiress adds buzz to father's dream of saving world





















© 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.









































































Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Accelmed Growth Partners  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    6 Hachoshlim Street, 6 Th Floor  
    Herzliya Pituach, L3, 4672406Phone: 972-9-788-5599 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-03-08


Amended


$124,000,000


$8,600,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-03-16


Amended


$115,400,000


$4,500,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-01-06


New


$110,900,000


$110,900,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 (Gp), L.P. (General Partner) Accelmed Growth Partners 
 Promoter 


 (Agp) Ltd. (General Partner Of The Gp) Accelmed Growth Partners 
 Promoter 


 Moshe Arkin 
 Director 


 Uri Geiger 
 Director 












	Cogentix Medical Grabs 25 Million From Accelmed













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Cogentix Medical Grabs $25 Million From Accelmed 











Tweet








9/7/2016 7:42:19 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


Cogentix Medical Enters Into Definitive Agreement For $25 Million Equity Investment

- Proceeds to Provide Resources to Execute Urology Focused Business Development Strategy
- Proposed Equity Investment at 29% Premium to Market
- All Current Outstanding Debt to be Converted into Common Shares

MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cogentix Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ: CGNT), a medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets innovative proprietary products for the urology market, today announced that it has entered into a securities purchase agreement with Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P.  Under the terms of the securities purchase agreement, Accelmed would purchase $25 million of Cogentix Medical common stock from the Company at $1.55 per share, a 29% premium over the closing price of the stock on September 6, 2016 and a premium of 36% over the average closing price over the last 30 days.  The securities purchase agreement is subject to various closing conditions, including approval by the shareholders of Cogentix Medical.  Accelmed is a premier capital resource for the medical device industry and is based in New York, NY and Hertzeliya, Israel.  Cogentix would apply the proceeds to working capital as well as the implementation of a business development strategy to acquire growth technologies addressing the urology market.As a condition to Accelmed closing the equity investment, the Company will convert into common shares all the outstanding debt and accrued interest owed to Lewis C. Pell, one of the Company's Class I directors.  Cogentix currently owes a total of $29.5 million ($28.5 million of principal and $1.0 million of accrued interest) to Mr. Pell.  The Company and Mr. Pell have entered into a definitive agreement under which the debt owed by Cogentix to Mr. Pell will be converted into Cogentix common stock at a price per share of $1.67 immediately prior to closing the Accelmed securities purchase agreement.  The agreement also provides that, simultaneously with the conversion of such debt, all outstanding warrants to purchase Cogentix common stock that are held by Mr. Pell will be cancelled. The agreement with Mr. Pell is subject to approval of the shareholders of Cogentix Medical."The proposed transaction with Accelmed has the ability to transform Cogentix Medical," said Darin Hammers, President and CEO of Cogentix Medical.  "While our team has been successfully executing our sales strategy and building our business in the urology market, we have been resource constrained in terms of providing our sales organization with additional products to bring to our growing customer base.  Accelmed is one of the world's leading private equity firms focused on the medical device industry, and as Israel's largest med-tech investor, has a proven track record of integrating Israeli technologies into established US med-tech companies.  Accelmed believes the Cogentix platform provides an excellent foundation from which to build a broad based leader providing innovative, cost effective and clinically proven solutions to the growing urology marketplace.  Overall, the proposed transactions significantly increase our cash resources, eliminate all of our outstanding debt and dramatically improve our capital structure, all at valuations that are 29% higher than what the market is currently awarding our company."Upon closing of the proposed transactions, there would be approximately 60.3 million shares of common stock outstanding of which Mr. Pell would own approximately 33% and Accelmed would own approximately 27%.  The current debt and accrued interest outstanding of $29.5 million would be eliminated and Cogentix would have approximately $28 million of cash and marketable securities.  In addition, the terms of the proposed transaction call for Accelmed to have the right to nominate two members to the Cogentix Medical Board of Directors, which currently has six members.  One of these directors would be Uri Geiger, who will become Chair of the Cogentix board. Mr. Geiger cofounded Accelmed in 2009 and is currently a managing partner of Accelmed. Mr. Geiger has extensive entrepreneurial, management and investment expertise having created and developed many successful medical device companies.The Board of Directors of Cogentix Medical established a Special Committee of the Board, comprised solely of independent directors, to review these transactions and provide a recommendation to the full Board.  The Special Committee engaged Duff & Phelps, LLC to serve as its independent financial advisor and to provide an opinion in connection with the proposed transactions.  The Special Committee retained Duff & Phelps based on Duff & Phelps' qualifications, reputation, and experience in providing fairness opinions, and its experience in valuing companies in the medical device industry. Duff & Phelps has rendered its opinion that the financial terms of the proposed transactions taken as a whole are fair to the unaffiliated public stockholders of the Company.  The Special Committee recommended to the full Board that it approve the transactions, and the Cogentix Medical Board of Directors has unanimously approved the transactions."We have admired the revenue growth of Cogentix Medical under the leadership of Darin and his team, and believe that with the appropriate resources and a well-planned business development strategy, Cogentix could expand into being one of the leaders in the urology marketplace," said Mr. Geiger.  "As a reflection of our confidence in the management team as well as the potential for the company, we have agreed to make this investment at a premium to the current market price and look forward to working with the board and management to execute on a shared vision for Cogentix."Additional Information About the Transaction and Where to Find ItThe proposed transactions will be submitted to the shareholders of Cogentix Medical for their approval.  The shareholders will be asked to approve the securities purchase agreement and the issuance of shares to Accelmed and Mr. Pell. In connection with that approval, Cogentix will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a proxy statement containing information about the proposed transactions.  Shareholders are urged to read the proxy statement when it becomes available, because it will contain important information.  Shareholders will be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement, as well as other filings containing information about Cogentix, without charge at the SEC's website (www.sec.gov) or by calling 1-800-SEC-0330.  Copies of the proxy statement and other filings with the SEC can also be obtained, without charge, by directing a request to Brett Reynolds, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Cogentix Medical, Inc., 5420 Feltl Road, Minnetonka, MN 55343, 952-426-6152.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities to be issued as a result of the proposed transactions.  The securities to be issued in connection with the proposed transactions have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. Participants in the SolicitationCogentix and some or all of its directors and executive officers and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Cogentix shareholders in respect of the proposed transactions.  Information regarding the directors and executive officers of Cogentix is contained in the proxy statement for our 2016 annual meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 25, 2016.  Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will also be included in the proxy statement when it becomes available. About Cogentix MedicalCogentix Medical, Inc., headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, with additional operations in New York, Massachusetts, The Netherlands and the United Kingdom, is a global medical device company.  We design, develop, manufacture and market products for flexible endoscopy with our unique product lines featuring a streamlined visualization system and proprietary sterile disposable microbial barrier, known as EndoSheath technology, providing users with efficient and cost effective endoscope turnover while enhancing patient safety.  We also commercialize the Urgent® PC Neuromodulation System, an FDA-cleared device that delivers percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) for the office-based treatment of overactive bladder (OAB).  OAB is a chronic condition that affects approximately 42 million U.S. adults.  The symptoms include urinary urgency, frequency and urge incontinence.  We also offer Macroplastique®, an injectable urethral bulking agent for the treatment of adult female stress urinary incontinence primarily due to intrinsic sphincter deficiency.  For more information on Cogentix Medical and our products, please visit us at www.cogentixmedical.com. 'CGNT-G' For Further Information: Cogentix Medical, Inc. Brett Reynolds, SVP and CFO952-426-6152EVC Group Doug Sherk/Brian Moore (Investors)415-652-9100/310-579-6199Cautionary Statements Related to Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate," "expect," "plan," "could," "may," "will," "believe," "estimate," "forecast," "goal," "project," and other words of similar meaning.  Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the proposed transactions; expected levels of continuing debt; expected revenue growth rates; the anticipated timing of cash flow breakeven from operations and cash flow positive from operations; and our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to future operations, products and services.  Each forward-looking statement contained in this press release is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statement.  Applicable risks and uncertainties include, among others, the effects of industry, economic or political conditions outside of our control; the failure to appropriately apply the proceeds from the proposed transactions or to realize the benefits of the reduction in our debt, or delay in realization thereof; operating costs and business disruption following completion of the transaction; transaction and related costs; actual or contingent liabilities; the adequacy of our capital resources; and the risks identified under the heading "Risk Factors" in the annual report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on June 25, 2015, our transition report on Form 10-K for the transition period from April 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015, as well as our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other information filed by us with the SEC.  We caution investors not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation.  You are encouraged to read our filings with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov, for a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements in this presentation speak only as of the date of this release, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these statements.  Our business is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above.  Investors, potential investors, and others should give careful consideration to these risks and uncertainties. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cogentix-medical-enters-into-definitive-agreement-for-25-million-equity-investment-300323736.htmlSOURCE  Cogentix Medical, Inc.







                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Healthcare Industry Leader Kenneth A. Samet Joins Cogentix Medical Board Of Directors  Investors Wait Patiently for Gilead (GILD) and Its CEO to Make a M&A for Growth and to Get Out of Share Slump  Cogentix Medical To Change Fiscal Year  Mylan (MYL) Rebuffs Rumors CEO Will Step Down  Cogentix Medical Names Former Uroplasty (UPI) Exec as New CEO  NeuroPhage Transforms Into Proclara, Bags $47 Million and and Launches Phase Ib Alzheimer’s Trial  Cogentix Medical Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year Fiscal 2015 Results  PAREXEL (PRXL) Loses $160 Million in Value in One Day After Disclosing Possible 'Misappropriation of Corporate Funds'
  Cogentix Medical Reports 17 Percent Q2 Revenue Growth  How Gilead (GILD) Can Make Another $10 Billion Every Year  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Cogentix Medical




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Finance



                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Finance




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 



































Accelmed





  
















Skip to main content





Menu









 
Home
About projectResults
Partners
MED Programme

Investors Fora
Softland in Mediterranean
Events
PressFact sheets
News
Newsletter
Media Kit

ContactBARCELONA ACTIVA
BIC of ATTIKA
PROMOS
TECHNOLOGY PARK LJUBLJANA
ASTER
ANIMA Investment Network

 Partners Login
Documents
 












 




Project objective is to accelerate the growth of Med SMEs through a transnational support service to improve access to finance, to international markets and to specific advice to growth.


Learn MoreorContact Us


 




News Visit The News



 Final joint capitalisation event in Brussels 
 Tuesday, March 24, 2015 
  ACCELMED project will be presenting the results at the Final joint capitalisation event in Brussels.
  

 Final Newsletter is out! 
 Thursday, March 19, 2015 
  We have published a final newsletter which presents higlights and accomplishments of ACCELMED pr  

 












About ACCELMED
ACCELMED is a project developed from previous projects devoted to foster economic development in the Mediterranean area through supporting SMEs. MoreMissionACCELMED will, taking the previous MED funded projects as a starting point, aim at improving the capabilities of the Mediterranean SMEs to grow. More

Partners' Experiences
The consortium, which consists of five project partners, was sussesfull in obtaining co-financing from the MED programme for the implementation of ACCELMED. More


Project Partners






 BARCELONA ACTIVA
Barcelona Activa is the executive tool of the Economic Development policies of the Barcelona City Council.

 




 BIC of ATTIKA
A non-profit organization, having as main mission to support the competitiveness and promote business innovations in SMEs.

 




 PROMOS
The Special Agency of the Milan Chambers of Commerce is dedicated to the promotion of international activities.

 




 TECHNOLOGY PARK LJUBLJANA
A leading entity in the development of innovative and knowledge based entrepreneurship in Slovenia

 




 ASTER
The Consortium established in 1985 with the aim to support the economic growth of the Emilia-Romagna productive system

 




 ANIMA Investment Network
ANIMA Investment Network is a multi-country platform supporting the economic development of the Mediterranean.

 









 

      Accelmed Growth Partners, L.p. 13D Filing - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > Latest 13D and 13G Filings  > 13D Filing (0001193125-16-763973)    Filing Details     Accession Number: 0001193125-16-763973 Form Type: 13D Filing Publication Date: 2016-11-09 11:42:55     Filed By: Accelmed Growth Partners, L.p. Company:  Cogentix Medical Inc (NASDAQ:CGNT) Filing Date: 2016-11-09 SEC Url:  13D Filing     Ownership Summary   Please notice the below summary table is generated without human intervention and may contain errors. Please refer to the complete filing displayed below for exact figures.    Name Sole Voting Power Shared Voting Power Sole Dispositive Power Shared Dispositive Power Aggregate Amount Owned Power Percent of Class      0    16,129,033    0    16,129,033    16,129,033     26.72%     0    16,129,033    0    16,129,033    16,129,033     26.72%     0    16,129,033    0    16,129,033    16,129,033     26.72%     0    16,129,033    0    16,129,033    16,129,033     26.72%     0    16,129,033    0    16,129,033    16,129,033     26.72%     Filing        CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 1
 of 13 Pages      UNITED STATES  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      SCHEDULE 13D
 (Rule 13d-101)  Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  (Amendment No.    )*      Cogentix
Medical, Inc.  (Name of Issuer)  Common Stock. $0.01 par value (Title of Class of Securities)  19243A 104 (CUSIP Number)  Uri Geiger  Accelmed
Growth Partners, L.P.  6 Hachoshlim Street, 6th Floor, Herzliya Pituach, Israel
46120  (011-972-9-788-5599)  (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications)  November 3, 2016  (Date
of Event which Requires Filing of this Statement)      If the filing person has
previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing this schedule because of §§ 240.13d-l(e), 240.13d-l(f) or 240.13d-l(g), check the following
box.  ☐      Note: Schedules filed in paper format shall include a signed original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See §240.13d-7 for other parties to whom copies are to be sent.        * The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out for a reporting persons initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for any subsequent amendment containing information
which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page. The information required on the remainder of this cover page shall not be
deemed to be filed for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of the Act
(however, see the Notes).             CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 2
 of 13 Pages          1     NAMES OF
REPORTING PERSONS. IRS. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY).   Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P.  2    CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER
OF A GROUP (SEE INSTRUCTIONS) (a)  ☐        (b)  ☒    3    SEC USE ONLY    4    SOURCE OF FUNDS (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)   OO  5    CHECK IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)  ☐    6    CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF
ORGANIZATION   Cayman Islands NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH        7      SOLE VOTING POWER   0 shares     8     SHARED VOTING POWER   16,129,033 shares     9     SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER   0 shares   10     SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER   16,129,033 shares11    AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON   16,129,033 shares12    CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW
(11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)  ☐  13    PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT
IN ROW (11)   26.72%*14    TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (SEE
INSTRUCTIONS)   PN  * Based upon 60,349,579 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cogentix Medical, Inc., outstanding as of November 3, 2016, as provided by Cogentix Medical, Inc.      CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 3
 of 13 Pages          1     NAMES OF
REPORTING PERSONS. IRS. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY).   Accelmed Growth Partners (GP), L.P.  2    CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER
OF A GROUP (SEE INSTRUCTIONS) (a)  ☐        (b)  ☒    3    SEC USE ONLY    4    SOURCE OF FUNDS (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)   AF  5    CHECK IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)  ☐    6    CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF
ORGANIZATION   Cayman Islands NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH        7      SOLE VOTING POWER   0 shares     8     SHARED VOTING POWER   16,129,033 shares     9     SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER   0 shares   10     SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER   16,129,033 shares11    AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON   16,129,033 shares12    CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW
(11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)  ☐  13    PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT
IN ROW (11)   26.72%*14    TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (SEE
INSTRUCTIONS)   PN  * Based upon 60,349,579 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cogentix Medical, Inc., outstanding as of November 3, 2016, as provided by Cogentix Medical, Inc.      CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 4
 of 13 Pages          1     NAMES OF
REPORTING PERSONS. IRS. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY).   Accelmed Growth Partners (AGP) Ltd.  2    CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER
OF A GROUP (SEE INSTRUCTIONS) (a)  ☐        (b)  ☒    3    SEC USE ONLY    4    SOURCE OF FUNDS (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)   AF  5    CHECK IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)  ☐    6    CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF
ORGANIZATION   Cayman Islands NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH        7      SOLE VOTING POWER   0 shares     8     SHARED VOTING POWER   16,129,033 shares     9     SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER   0 shares   10     SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER   16,129,033 shares11    AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON   16,129,033 shares12    CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW
(11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)  ☐  13    PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT
IN ROW (11)   26.72%*14    TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (SEE
INSTRUCTIONS)   OO  * Based upon 60,349,579 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cogentix Medical, Inc., outstanding as of November 3, 2016, as provided by Cogentix Medical, Inc.      CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 5
 of 13 Pages          1     NAMES OF
REPORTING PERSONS. IRS. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY).   Accelmed Growth Partners Management Ltd.  2    CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER
OF A GROUP (SEE INSTRUCTIONS) (a)  ☐        (b)  ☒    3    SEC USE ONLY    4    SOURCE OF FUNDS (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)   OO  5    CHECK IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)  ☐    6    CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF
ORGANIZATION   Cayman Islands NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH        7      SOLE VOTING POWER   0 shares     8     SHARED VOTING POWER   16,129,033 shares     9     SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER   0 shares   10     SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER   16,129,033 shares11    AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON   16,129,033 shares12    CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW
(11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)  ☐  13    PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT
IN ROW (11)   26.72%*14    TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (SEE
INSTRUCTIONS)   OO  * Based upon 60,349,579 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cogentix Medical, Inc., outstanding as of November 3, 2016, as provided by Cogentix Medical, Inc.      CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 6
 of 13 Pages          1     NAMES OF
REPORTING PERSONS. IRS. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY).   Uri Geiger  2    CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER
OF A GROUP (SEE INSTRUCTIONS) (a)  ☐        (b)  ☒    3    SEC USE ONLY    4    SOURCE OF FUNDS (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)   AF  5    CHECK IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)  ☐    6    CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF
ORGANIZATION   Israel NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH        7      SOLE VOTING POWER   0 shares     8     SHARED VOTING POWER   16,129,033 shares     9     SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER   0 shares   10     SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER   16,129,033 shares11    AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON   16,129,033 shares12    CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW
(11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)  ☐  13    PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT
IN ROW (11)   26.72%*14    TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (SEE
INSTRUCTIONS)   IN  * Based upon 60,349,579 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cogentix Medical, Inc., outstanding as of November 3, 2016, as provided by Cogentix Medical, Inc.      CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 7
 of 13 Pages  Schedule 13D  Item 1. Security and Issuer.  This
statement relates to the common stock, $0.01 par value (the Common Stock) of Cogentix Medical, Inc. (the Issuer) having its principal executive offices at 5420 Feltl Road, Minnetonka, MN 55343.  Item 2. Identity and Background.  This statement is being filed by:  (a)    Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P. (the Fund);  (b)    Accelmed Growth Partners (GP), L.P. (the GP);  (c)    Accelmed Growth Partners (AGP) Ltd. (the GPGP);  (d)    Accelmed Growth Partners Management Ltd. (the Management Company); and  (e)    Uri Geiger, the controlling member and managing partner of the GPGP and the controlling shareholder and managing
partner of the Management Company. The persons named in this Item 2 are referred to individually herein as a Reporting Person
and collectively as the Reporting Persons. The Reporting Persons have entered into a Joint Filing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, a copy of which is filed with this Schedule 13D as Exhibit 1 (which is incorporated herein
by reference), pursuant to which the Reporting Persons have agreed to file this statement jointly in accordance with the provisions of Rule 13d-l(k) under the Act.  The address of the principal business office of the Reporting Persons is Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P., 6 Hachoshlim Street, 6th Floor, Herzliya Pituach, Israel 46120.  The principal business of the Fund is to invest
in medical device companies. The principal business of the GP is to act as the sole general partner of the Fund. The principal business of the GPGP is to act as the sole general partner of the GP. The principal business of the
Management Company is to manage the Fund. The principal business of Uri Geiger is to manage the Fund and affiliated entities.  During
the five years prior to the date hereof, none of the Reporting Persons have been convicted in a criminal proceeding or have been a party to a civil proceeding ending in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting
or mandating activities subject to, federal or state securities laws or finding any violation with respect to such laws.       CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 8
 of 13 Pages  The Fund and the GP are Cayman Island exempted limited partnerships. The GPGP and the
Management Company are Cayman Island private limited companies. Uri Geiger is an Israeli citizen.  Item 3. Source and Amount of Funds or
Other Consideration.  The Fund purchased 16,129,033 shares (the Shares) of Common Stock at $1.55 per share, for an
aggregate purchase price of $25 million pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below). The Purchase Agreement is more particularly described below under Item 4 of this statement. The working capital of the Fund was the source of the funds for the Shares. No part of the purchase price of the Shares was represented
by funds or other consideration borrowed or otherwise obtained for the purpose of acquiring, holding, trading or voting the Shares.  Item 4.
Purpose of Transaction.  The Fund acquired the Shares for investment purposes. Depending on market conditions, its continuing
evaluation of the business and prospects of the Issuer and other factors, the Fund and other Reporting Persons may dispose of or acquire additional shares of the Issuer.  The Issuer entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with the Fund on September 7, 2016. Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Fund purchased the Shares from the Issuer (the Share Issuance) on November 3, 2016 (the Closing Date).  In connection with the Purchase Agreement, on September 7, 2016, the Issuer and Lewis C. Pell (Pell) entered into a note exchange
agreement (the Note Exchange Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Note Exchange Agreement, the Issuer and Pell agreed to convert into shares of Common Stock all of the outstanding principal amount and accrued interest on certain
notes held by Pell (the Notes). Under the terms of the Note Exchange Agreement, the entire outstanding principal amount and all accrued interest on the Notes was converted into 17,688,423 shares of Common Stock at a price per share
of $1.67 on the Closing Date. Also pursuant to the Note Exchange Agreement, all of the outstanding warrants held by Pell (the Warrants), entitling Pell to purchase shares of Common Stock, were cancelled on the Closing Date.  In connection with the Purchase Agreement and the Note Exchange Agreement, on September 7, 2016, the Fund and Pell entered into a voting
agreement (the Voting Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Voting Agreement, each of the Fund and Pell agreed to vote their shares of the Issuers Common Stock for the other partys nominees to the Issuers board of
directors (the Board) and each of the Fund and Pell are entitled to nominate two directors. Uri Geiger and Nachum Shamir, the initial nominees of the Fund, were appointed as members of the Board on November 3, 2016, upon the closing
of the Share Issuance. The initial nominees of Pell were Pell and Howard Zauberman, who were incumbent directors of the Issuer prior to the closing of the Share Issuance. As a result of the Share Issuance and the transactions contemplated
by the Note Exchange Agreement (the Transactions), the Fund and Pell own or control a majority of the outstanding Common Stock. As a result of the Voting Agreement, the Issuer qualifies as a Controlled Company under
Nasdaq Rule 5615(c)(2), and is therefore exempt from certain corporate governance requirements under the Nasdaq Rules.      CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 9
 of 13 Pages  In addition, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Issuer entered into a
registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with the Fund and Pell on the Closing Date, pursuant to which the Issuer agreed, upon demand by the Fund, to file a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale
of the shares issued pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the Note Exchange Agreement. Also under the Purchase Agreement,
the Issuer agreed that following the Closing Date and upon demand by the Fund, the Issuer will take all corporate actions necessary (including taking commercially reasonable efforts to obtain stockholder approval) to amend and restate the (i)
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Issuer and (ii) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Issuer.  The foregoing
descriptions of the Purchase Agreement, Note Exchange Agreement, the Voting Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the agreements, copies of which are
filed as Exhibit 2, Exhibit 3, Exhibit 4 and Exhibit 5 to this Schedule 13D, each of which is incorporated by reference into this Item 4.  Except as set forth above, none of the Reporting Persons has any present plans which relate to or would result in:  (a)    The acquisition by any person of additional securities of the Issuer, or the disposition of securities of the
Issuer;  (b)    An extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving the
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries;  (c)    A sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of the Issuer or of any of
its subsidiaries;  (d)    Any change in the present Board of Directors or management of the Issuer, including any
plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any existing vacancies on the board;  (e)    Any material change in the present capitalization or dividend policy of the Issuer;  (f)    Any other material change in the Issuers business or corporate structure;  (g)    Changes in the Issuers charter, bylaws or instruments corresponding thereto or other actions which may impede
the acquisition of control of the Issuer by any person;  (h)    Causing a class of securities of the Issuer to be
delisted from a national securities exchange or to cease to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system of a registered national securities association;       CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 10
 of 13 Pages  (i)    A class of equity securities of the Issuer becoming eligible for
termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or  (j)    Any action
similar to any of those enumerated above.  Item 5. Interest in Securities of the Issuer.  (a)    The Fund is the record owner of the Shares. As the sole general partner of the Fund, the GP may be deemed to
own beneficially the Shares. As the sole general partner of the GP, the GPGP may be deemed to own beneficially the Shares. The Management Company may be deemed to own beneficially the Shares pursuant to a management agreement between the
Fund and the Management Company. As the controlling member and managing partner of the GPGP and as the controlling shareholder and managing partner of the Management Company, Uri Geiger may be deemed to own beneficially the Shares.  Each Reporting Person disclaims beneficial ownership of the Shares, other than those shares which such person owns of record. The percentage of outstanding Common Stock of the Issuer which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by each Reporting Person is set forth on
Line 13 of Such Reporting Persons cover sheet. Such percentage was calculated based on 60,349,579 shares of Common Stock reported to be outstanding immediately after the Transactions.  (b)    Regarding the number of shares as to which such person has:  (i)      sole power to vote or to direct the vote: See line 7 of cover sheets  (ii)     shared power to vote or to direct the vote: See line 8 of cover sheets  (iii)    sole power to dispose or to direct the disposition: See line 9 of cover sheets.  (iv)    shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition: See line 10 of cover sheets  (c)    Except as set forth in Item 3 above, none of the Reporting Persons has effected any transaction in the Common Stock
during the last 60 days.  (d)    No other person is known to have the right to receive or the power to direct the
receipt of dividends from, or any proceeds from the sale of, equity securities of the Issuer beneficially owned by any of the Reporting Persons.  (e)    Not applicable.       CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 11
 of 13 Pages  Item 6. Contracts. Arrangements. Undertakings or Relationships with Respect to Securities of the
Issuer.  See Items 3, 4 and 5 above and Item 7 below, all of which are incorporated in this Item 6 by reference.  Item 7. Material to be Filed as Exhibits.       ExhibitNumber     Exhibit Description 1.    Joint Filing Agreement, dated November 9, 2016, by and among the Reporting Persons. 2.    Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 7, 2016, by and between Cogentix Medical, Inc. and Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of Cogentix Medical, Inc.,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2016) 3.    Note Exchange Agreement, dated September 7, 2016, by and between Cogentix Medical, Inc. and Lewis C. Pell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K of Cogentix Medical, Inc., filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2016) 4.    Voting Agreement, dated September 7, 2016, by and between Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P. and Lewis C. Pell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the current report on Form 8-K of Cogentix Medical, Inc., filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2016) 5.    Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 3, 2016, by and among Cogentix Medical, Inc., Accelmed Growth Partners, L.P. and Lewis C. Pell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of Cogentix
Medical, Inc., filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2016)     CUSIP No. 19243A 104   13D    Page
 12
 of 13 Pages  SIGNATURE  After reasonable inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true,
complete and correct.  Date: November 9, 2016      ACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P. By:   Accelmed Growth Partners (GP), L.P.By:   Accelmed Growth Partners (AGP) Ltd. By:    /s/ Uri GeigerName:   Uri GeigerTitle:   Managing PartnerACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS (GP), L.P. By:   Accelmed Growth Partners (AGP) Ltd. By:    /s/ Uri GeigerName:   Uri GeigerTitle:   Managing PartnerACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS (AGP) LTD. By:    /s/ Uri GeigerName:   Uri GeigerTitle:   Managing PartnerACCELMED GROWTH PARTNERS MANAGEMENT LTD. By:    /s/ Uri GeigerName:   Uri GeigerTitle:   Managing Partner /s/ Uri GeigerUri Geiger           Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds     Hot Topics     Apple (AAPL) Latest Stock News - Company Profile   Warren Buffett News & Analysis - Portfolio & Stock Picks   Biggest Insider Purchases & Sales News & Analysis - Data Screener   Google (GOOG) Latest Stock News - Company Profile   Microsoft (MSFT) Latest Stock News - Company Profile             Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














accelmed - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Kids Bike Helmet - Kids Bike Helmet | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Kids Bike Helmet



Find Kids Bike Helmet and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Kids' Bike Helmet | Amazon.com



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com/​sports



Save on Kids' Bike Helmet Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,576 reviews)




STX Lacrosse Heads - The Most Trusted Lacrosse Head.



Ad
 ·
STX.Heads.SportStop.com



The Most Trusted Lacrosse Head. Price Match Guarantee. Ships Free.


sportstop.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(46,823 reviews)




Hawks Helmet



Ad
 ·
NFLShop.com/​SeattleSeahawks



Licensed Seattle Seahawks Helmets! Official Hawks Helmet.




Your search for "accelmed" returned no results.









Kids Bike Helmet - Kids Bike Helmet | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Kids Bike Helmet



Find Kids Bike Helmet and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Kids' Bike Helmet | Amazon.com



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com/​sports



Save on Kids' Bike Helmet Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,576 reviews)




STX Lacrosse Heads - The Most Trusted Lacrosse Head.



Ad
 ·
STX.Heads.SportStop.com



The Most Trusted Lacrosse Head. Price Match Guarantee. Ships Free.


sportstop.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(46,823 reviews)




Hawks Helmet



Ad
 ·
NFLShop.com/​SeattleSeahawks



Licensed Seattle Seahawks Helmets! Official Hawks Helmet.



Searches related toaccelmed



accelmed israel


uri geiger accelmed


accelmed growth partners


valcare



eximo medical


accelmed llc


valcare medical


excelmed





Related Searches



accelmed israel


uri geiger accelmed


accelmed growth partners


valcare


eximo medical


accelmed llc


valcare medical


excelmed




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








