


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














OneTrust Home Loans





















(855) 589-9506
 

















Refinance to Start Saving Today

We're mortgage strategists. Share with us your goals, and we'll let you know how much you can save!



Lower your monthly mortgage payment


Eliminate monthly mortgage insurance


Pull cash out to pay for large purchases, fund tuition, etc.



 








Speak with a mortgage expertNo Risk – No Obligation





















































              Lead Source String:            






              Marketing Status:            




Submit



























By clicking the ‘Get a Quote’ button above, I authorize OneTrust Home Loans to contact me using an automated dialing system, even if the telephone number is a cellular phone or other service for which the party is charged. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent in order to obtain goods or services from OneTrust Home Loans. I agree to receive disclosures and communications in electronic form and I confirm that I have a working computer system and an internet website browser to view this webpage and this loan inquiry form. I agree that OneTrust Home Loans may contact me by mail, telephone (mobile devices including SMS and MMS) or email in connection with my request even if my telephone number or email address appears on a OneTrust Home Loans internal Do Not Call / Do Not Email List, a State or National Do Not Call Registry, a Do Not E-Mail list, or any other Do Not Contact List.









“Working with OneTrust Home Loans for our refinance was so easy. They offered a better rate and put us into a shorter term loan saving us money monthly and over the term of the loan. They made refinancing so simple and quick. I would recommend using OneTrust Home Loans for your next refinance or new loan. ”
-Cindy G.


“I closed 2 loans with OneTrust Home Loans. Although the mortgage process can be exhausting, our OneTrust rep, Mat Dlugolenski, went above and beyond. He was extremely friendly, responsive and walked us through the process in a very clear and concise manner...[ ] We closed on time and the rates and fees were even better than I expected...[ ]."

-Robert S.












Competitive Refinance Rates





Awesome Customer Service





Fast & Free Upfront Credit Approvals







Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 225001200002798773-2141960334804871Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 225001200002798773-5212939260856202Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 225001200002798773-1353168116057990













Products | OneTrust






































































Blog
Contact
RFP Template
Free Trial

OneTrustPrivacy Management Software
Products

Readiness & Accountability Tool
PIA & DPIA Automation
Data Mapping Automation
Website Scanning & Cookie Compliance
GDPR Compliance


Services
Pricing
Company

About Us
Careers
Blog


Partners
Resources
Free Trial
Contact
Request Demo








ProductsA Single Place to Manage Privacy Risk






Comprehensive and Integrated Privacy Management Platform 


Readiness & Accountability



PIA & DPIA Automation


Data Mapping Automation

 
Website Scanning & Cookie Compliance





Subject Access Request Portal


Consent Management


Vendor Risk Management


Incident & Breach Management






Take a Tour of the OneTrust Platform

Request DemoStart Trial





Demonstrate Compliance & Accountability
Readiness & Accountability Tool
Benchmark your organizational readiness for GDPR with questionnaires, prioritize requirements for compliance, provide executive-level visibility with detailed reports, and demonstrate accountability in the event of a regulatory sweep.
GDPR Articles 5 & 24
Download the GDPR with OneTrust White Paper










Operationalize Your Privacy Program
PIA & DPIA Automation
Choose from numerous pre-defined screening and DPIA questionnaires, or import and tailor your own. Configure risk tracking workflows, distribute questionnaires to business users, and collect and analyze risks. Easily assign follow up tasks and
          generate the appropriate record keeping requirements.
        
GDPR Articles 25, 35 & 36
Download The Ultimate PIA & DPIA Handbook








Generate a Processing Register for Article 30
Data Mapping Automation
Populate the data flow inventory through questionnaires, scanning technologies, in person workshops or through a bulk import. Once populated, automatically generate a searchable and evergreen inventory and visual cross-border maps based on the
          underlying data inventory.
        
GDPR Articles 30 & 32
Download the The Ultimate Data Mapping Handbook










Meet ePrivacy Regulation Requirements
Website Scanning & Cookie Compliance
Conduct ongoing scans of all your websites and automatically categorize any cookies and tracking technologies against a database of 5.5M cookies. Easily manage visitor consent and preferences with a highly customizable cookie banner and policy
          generator.
        
GDPR Articles 7, 21 & ePrivacy Directive Draft Regulation
Download the Future of EU Cookie Compliance White Paper









Enable Users to Request Their Personal Data

Subject Access Request Portal

Capture data subject requests directly within a branded web form directly linked from company privacy policy. Maintain records of fulfilling the requests, link it to your underlying data map, and generate the proper documentation in case of regulator
          inquiry.
        
GDPR Articles 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20 & 21









Demonstrate Consent Compliance
Consent Management
Embed consent management directly into your organization’s website, devices and internal systems by capturing transactions in a standardized way. Provide access to data subjects to allow withdrawal, and maintain internal records of consent.
        
GDPR Article 7


Review and Remediate Vendor Risks
Vendor Risk Management
Conduct vendor due diligence during the initial onboarding phase as well as re-audit on a risk based schedule. Send vendor assessment questionnaires directly to the third part to complete and create a central record of all your vendors and proper
          security obligations.
        
GDPR Articles 28(1), 24(1), 29 & 46(1)


Prepare an Incident Notification Workflow
Incident & Breach Management
Build a systematic process to document the incident, understand if it’s resulted in a breach, analyze harm to the individual and determine if a notification to the supervisory authority or the data subject.
        
GDPR Articles 33 & 34








How We're Different



Most Powerful and Easy to Use Technology





Most Comprehensive Offering of Technology Modules Software you can grow into, not out of with a modular and integrated platform with the largest engineering team in privacy management
            




Most Flexible and Easy to Use Software Simple point and click interface to easily customize questionnaires, reports and settings creates the most flexible data mapping solution in the industry
            




Mature and Scalable Platform Used by 1,000+ Organizations Mature product architecture making it easy to manage matrixed organizations across legal entities, M&A activity, and business groups
            




True Deployment Flexibility in EU Cloud or On-Premises Deployment option flexibility with the ability to easily transition if requirements change
            




Ecosystem of Enterprise Technology Integrations Open API framework to integrate with existing systems, and the only RSA Ready Technology Partner officially certified
            



Deepest Knowledge, Research and Consulting Support



Largest & Fastest Growing Dedicated Global Team Co-headquartered across the EU and US with global multi-lingual team approaching 150 and product in over 30 languages
            




Deep Privacy Research and Ongoing Updates Knowledge powered by regulators, lawyers, privacy professionals, and dedicated research teams
            




Global Consulting, Training, and Privacy Experts Large team of privacy professionals, legal experts, technical delivery and project management experts available globally
            




SmartPrivacy Global Training Workshops & Partners Largest offering of global workshops in the privacy management industry and global network of law firm and consultant partners
            




Powering Tools for IAPP Members Free version of readiness, PIA, data mapping and cookie compliance tools for IAPP global community
            









Get Started Today
Try OneTrust Free for 30 Days

Access to Full Product Platform
Unlimited Admin Licenses
No Commitment Required

Start a Free Trial











OneTrust Newsletter
Get resources delivered right to your inbox










 















Quick LinksProducts
Services
Pricing
Company
Resources


ProductsReadiness & Accountability Tool
PIA & DPIA Automation
Data Mapping Automation
Cookie Compliance


AboutAbout OneTrust
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
Blog


Contact OneTrust, LLC
info@onetrust.com
+1 (844) 847-7154

 













Your Privacy








What we collect and why
Name, Email, Phone Number - Only if you provide it to us in order to contact you or to use our services











Who we share with
We will never sell your personal data to 3rd parties











Details
Read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy











© 2017 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy




 
 OneTrust
Request Demo




 








ScaleFT - Zero Trust Server Access




























Zero Trust Server Access
Securely connect to Linux and Windows servers over SSH and RDP through a pure client certificate architecture that eliminates the use of static credentials
Start a Free Trial










How it Works


Features


Technical Specifications


Pricing


Documentation











A more secure way to manage privileged access
One of the most common attack vectors leading to insider breaches is static credentials. Blanket privileged access is given to anyone who 'holds the keys', and it's easy for them to fall into the wrong hands. Traditionally, these credentials are stored in a vault, or protected by some sort of rotation policy. But like duct tape, it’s just a temporary fix for a bigger problem.
ScaleFT designed a revolutionary new method of securely accessing servers backed by ephemeral client certificates limited in scope and time to each request. The workflow is transparent to the end user, providing the same experience as one would with traditional SSH and RDP connections. ScaleFT performs the authentication and authorization behind the scenes, with the supporting PKI handled through a built-in Certificate Authority.



No extra configuration or patching needed
Works in any environment - cloud or on-prem
Integrates natively with SSH and RDP




Enterprise-grade platform with dedicated support
Integrates with any Identity Provider
Includes built-in PKI with end-to-end encryption









Contact Us to Learn More





























Why choose ScaleFT Server Access






Keyless Privileged Access
You no longer have to worry about how to manage, track, or rotate those dangerous static credentials. With a built-in Certificate Authority, ScaleFT allows you to login to servers using ephemeral client certificates.




Built for the Modern Cloud
Traditional PAM products were built for a different time, and it shows in their capabilities. ScaleFT was born in the cloud, with an architecture that better supports distributed teams, systems, and applications.




Transparent End User Workflow
You can use SSH and RDP just as you normally would. ScaleFT builds in the authentication and authorization workflows within the protocols themselves, without any additional configuration.









Our fresh approach to privileged access management










Users run the ScaleFT Client on their devices to synchronize certificates with the local Operating System and monitor state

Every request is authenticated with the Identity Provider configured for the ScaleFT team - Active Directory, Google Apps, Okta, etc.

The Certificate Authority built into the platform issues an ephemeral client certificate to the user scoped to the individual request




Servers enrolled with ScaleFT run a lightweight agent that manages local user accounts, configures the cert store, and captures event logs

For every request, the user and connecting device are authorized against the access controls & policies of the project and resource

The client certificate is used by the ScaleFT client to initiate a secure SSH or RDP session with the server without additional configuration










We deliver the most expansive feature set on the market





Built-in Certificate Authority
ScaleFT operates its own CA as a component of the platform, used to issue client certificates to the user on every login attempt. Each project has its own dedicated CA, and performs the crypto on servers without an outbound network connection.



Ephemeral Client Certificates
Each client certificate has a default expiration of 3 minutes, and is scoped to the user and resource being accessed. User and device metadata is injected into the certificate, which is used as a point-in-time attestation of trust for initiating secure SSH and RDP sessions.



Bastion Support
Users can route SSH and RDP connections over bastions to servers in private networks, without having to use SSH Agent Forwarding. Simply pass the bastion server as a flag in the connection string, and ScaleFT will make the hop transparently.





SSH & RDP Protocol Support
ScaleFT integrates natively with the transport protocols themselves to ensure a streamlined end user experience, and to provide visibility into the activities performed during a session. This is done without any additional configuration or patching.



Identity Provider Integration
ScaleFT integrates with your corporate identity provider (IdP) for authentication and to provide rich account management on both Linux and Windows servers. This includes Google Apps and Okta, and we directly support SAML or OpenID Connect.



Cloud Platform Integration
The ScaleFT server agent integrates with cloud provider specific metadata services to automatically configure itself and enroll servers with the Platform. This saves time during deployment and ensures a seamless operations experience.









Technical specifications



Client App




Supported Operating Systems

      						Mac OS
      						Windows
      						Linux: CoreOS, Ubuntu, Red Hat, CentOS, Fedora
      					


SSH Configuration Options

      						Use ProxyCommand
							Save private keys in local crypto store
							Netcat or native SSH port forwarding
							Enable SSH agent
							Enable service users
							Print additional debugging info to stderr
							URL Handler
      					


RDP Configuration Options

      						Screensize
							Fullscreen Mode
							URL Handler
      					




ScaleFT Agent




Supported Operating Systems

      						Windows
							Linux: CoreOS, Ubuntu, Red Hat, CentOS, Fedora
      					


Configuration Options

      						Enable/Disable Autostart
							Auto enroll servers
							Config file location
							Certificate path
      					


Logging

      						Log files will be rotated after 5MB, and the latest 10 log files will be kept
      					




Certificate Authority




Client Certificates
SSH, X.509


Default TTL
3 Minutes




Identity Providers




GitHub
Basic OAuth authentication workflow. You can send invitations to add additional members to your team.


Google Apps
Any user in your Google Apps Domain will be allowed to join your team.


Okta
Any user to whom you have assigned the ScaleFT app will be allowed to join your team.




Cloud Platforms




Amazon Web Services
Associate an AWS account with a ScaleFT project to automatically enroll launched instances.



Read our extensive Documentation for more information, getting started guides, and tutorials








"Our Passport feature leverages ScaleFT to give Rackers and Customers secure access control to their AWS environments. This capability is a key part of our value to Customers."
- Erik Carlin, Vice President, Fanatical AWS Product & Engineering at Rackspace









Featured Resources















Latest Blog Posts





How we built an Access Fabric to eliminate VPNs



ScaleFT Closes $2 Million Seed Funding Round; Launches Zero Trust Solution to Help Modernize Cloud Security



How to Go Zero Trust: Part 3 - Your Access Policy Framework








Ready to go Zero Trust?
All of our plans start with a 30 day free trial. No credit card required. See our flexible Pricing Plans.
Start a Free Trial
Request a Demo








ScaleFT is leading the Zero Trust movement
We're an enterprise software company building the next generation of cloud-native security solutions inspired by the principles of the Zero Trust model

	  			ScaleFT, Inc.
	  			120 2nd St #200
	  			San Francisco, CA 94105
	  			1-800-597-1637
	  			support@scaleft.com
	  		





We're Hiring!

Subscribe to our Newsletter






Subscribe






Product

Platform Overview
ScaleFT Server Access
ScaleFT Web Access
Pricing
Services
System Status

Solutions

Employee Access
Third Party Access
Managed Services
Multi-Cloud Identity
Mobile Device Identity
Compliance Controls



Company

About
Team
Careers
Press
Partners
Security

Resources

Blog
Documentation
BeyondCorp
Case Studies
Whitepapers
Webinars






© 2017 ScaleFT, Inc.


Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
































UNDER CONSTRUCTION. Please excuse our mess.

-PREMIUM QUALITY, LOCAL SERVICE-
					AccessOne Digital Technology is your local Colorado Springs based provider of home and business security products, including alarm systems, security cameras, and access control systems.
					AccessOne uses experienced installation technicians and quality technology products, to build security systems that you can trust.
Our $19.95 Premium Alarm Monitoring offers the best value available for monitoring your security system.
Whether you need an alarm system, or have an existing system, call AccessOne at 660-3933 for affordable alarm monitoring that you can depend on today!
Click here to learn more



















Doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore 
Veritatis quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo 
Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit 
Sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui rationevoluptatem sequi nesciunt 
Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor 
Sit am consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora 










Search













25.10.2008
Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste.
						Rnatus error sit voluptatem accus doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam.
						30.10.2008
Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste.
						Rnatus error sit voluptatem accus doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiaaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et.
						30.10.2008
Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste.
						Rnatus error sit voluptatem accus doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiaeaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et.
Read more news









Home 
About us 
Products 
Support 
Contacts 


			Security Systems  © 2009 | Privacy Policy
















OneAccess | Home




















































 

Solutions
 Communication Service Providers NFV Migration with OneOS6 Hybrid WAN ISDN Migration High Speed Copper  Voice Solutions

 Over-the-Top Service Providers Cloud-Enablement Hybrid WAN Quality of Experience SaaS

 OEM and Partners 
Products
 pCPE Multi-service routers Ethernet Access WAN Optimization Software add-ons

 VNFs ONEv600 ONEvWOC

 Open Virtualization Platform Design Studio 

 Management OneManage OneAPM TMA
TechnologyOneComposeOneConnexOneVoiceOnePlusOneSecureOneOS Core FunctionsPartnersTechnology PartnersChannel PartnersPartner & Client LoginOneAccess in ChinaCompany
 About Us Overview & History Leadership Careers Our Offices Contact Us

 News & Events Press Releases In the Media Events

 Support Support Services
 




Resources




Blog





  



 





Download Our Latest WhitePaper on NETCONF/YANG  
		

What's Holding Back Adoption and How to Accelerate It? 
		

Brought to you by Light Reading
		

Download








Transform WAN Services
		

Reduce operational costs via automation
		

Offer customers self-select services
		

Optimize use of  your router experts
		







Fast Network Virtualization
		

Practical and controlled service migrationReady-to-deploy catalog of virtualized network functionsGenuinely open approach through industry-standard APIs
		







Deliver Virtualization with OneOS6
		

Common operating system for physical and virtual servicesVirtualize network services with field-proven technologyCompact and scalable VNFs
		







Faster Time-to-Revenue
		

Accelerate new business models
		

Choice of standard hardware or dedicated access platforms
		

Standards-based and vendor agnostic approach
		







EKINOPS and OneAccess enter into exclusive negotiations for a combination
		

By joining forces, EKINOPS and OneAccess would become a major player in optical transport and telecom network virtualization, present from the network core to the access, with a truly international dimension.
		


 


 



Deliver Virtualization with OneOS6Common operating system for physical and virtual services Virtualize network services with field-proven technology Compact and scalable VNFsOur latest Webinars

 
Webinar: Is NETCONF Ready for Prime-time?



 
Webinar NFV Migration: Pure Pragmatism or Pragmatic Purity?
Discover our Product FamiliespCPE

Maximum performance out of compact, multi-functional network access solutions, designed specifically for service providersVNFs 
 
Using proven enterprise network services technology, OneAccess delivers compact and carrier-grade VNFs based on industry-standard APIsOVP
 
Open Virtualization Platform is a carrier-grade virtualization solution based on a white-box architecture that gives the flexibility to create and deploy virtualized services on demandManagement
 
Flexible deployment and management solutions to help simplify managed services deliveryWhat our customers say about us"One of our commitment and business challenge is to make sure we can access and obtain reliable information from our water production facilities (catchments, treatment and pump stations, reservoirs, water towers, …). Thanks to a migration to an all-IP network, our telemetry service has become more intelligent. The combined efforts of our Managed Services supplier and OneAccess resulted in us being able to maintain a continuous real-time communication flow from and to the end sites. OneAccess has been able to fully meet our technical expectations with a one box solution (ONE420) supporting the environmental conditions of the water tower cabinets.”Société Wallone des EauxVodafone Germany successfully launches the Anlagen-Anschluss Plus service. Carsten Düser, comments: “Our AA+ service is designed to accommodate the core business needs of our SMB customers. IP technology helps SMBs become more competitive and flexible in a digital world - through increased quality and cost savings. Partnering with OneAccess to deliver the PlusBox (IP/ISDN Gateway) has enabled Vodafone to market a smooth migration solution to all IP. Voice quality is guaranteed, interfaces are easy to use, a perfect fit for our SMB customers.”Carsten Düser, Head of Product Management and Unified Communications Fixed Connectivity, Vodafone Germany"Current Analysis grants the Explorer rating to OneAccess in its NFV market disruptor profile series. It states “ The company is focused specifically on service providers’ needs, including products that provide carrier-grade performance (…), and a catalog of virtual network functions (VNFs) that can easily be service-chained with third-party VNFs. Solutions include a choice of deployment options that enable the service provider to continue supporting existing service models and migrate at their own pace to a fully virtualized network infrastructure. Download the full profile here"Current Analysis - OneAccess Disruptor Profile in SDN/NFV"As part of our strategic commitment to continuously enhance Cegid cloud customer satisfaction we absolutely wanted to make sure that our cloud user experience would not be affected by Network issues. This meant for us to identify the right Cloud access product allowing seamless transition from the LAN to Cloud environment over a standard Internet connection.Among all market providers, OneAccess has been able to fully meet our technical and commercial expectations. The positive and enthusiast feedback from our first customers on the ONE540 definitively validated the choice of OneAccess as our Cloud Access box provider."Sylvain Moussé, Chief Technology Officer, Cegid"Over 120 international service providers, including numerous Tier 1 carriers, trust our people and technologies to help them deliver enterprise managed services to their customers around the world."Latest NewsWhat's new on Twitter?2 Days agoMissed our webinar with @Lightreading on #NETCONF? Watch it here https://t.co/FkQ2guur2r https://t.co/y6aZke5vdu3 Days agoBLOG: Hello from the other side? We explore the end customer benefits of #NFV https://t.co/l6z7AmhxOr https://t.co/bcZ8oXwVeE4 Days ago.@TelecomTV takes a look at #NFV nearly 5 years on & why it’s been slow to make the big time https://t.co/Il0tVzTEp5 https://t.co/gs7EDlcejh5 Days agoGreat overview from @NetworkWorld clarifying the differences between #SDN & #NFV https://t.co/kDWMdGMAuA https://t.co/t76PDHdAMp6 Days agoOur #CMO investigates the dissonance that persists in the world of #virtualization in his latest blog… https://t.co/KQR1Vc9RQz 


 Legal -  Contact© OneAccess Networks SA 2017.  All rights reserved.

  
 





 Home Solutions Communication Service Providers NFV Migration Hybrid WAN ISDN Migration High Speed Copper  Voice Solutions Over-the-Top Service Providers Cloud-Enablement Hybrid WAN Quality of Experience SaaS OEM and Partners Products pCPE Multi-service routers Ethernet Access WAN Optimization Software adds-on VNFs ONEv600 ONEvWOC Open Virtualization Platform Design Studio Management OneManage OneAPM TMA Technology OneCompose OneConnex OneVoice OnePlus OneSecure OneOS Core Functions Partners Technology Partners Channel Partners Partner & Client Login OneAccess in China Company About Us Overview & History Leadership Careers Our Offices Contact Us News & Events Press Releases In the Media Events Support Support Services Resources Blog

 
 
























Access One Trust in Columbus, OH - (614) 428-3873 - Company Profile






























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Access One Trust

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Access One Trust



3435 Stelzer Rd
Columbus, OH 43219






Contact:
Louis Mayverg


Title:
President


Phone:


                        614-428-3873
                    



Website:







There are 

13
                Companies located at 3435 Stelzer Rd, Columbus, OH 43219
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Access One Trust is located in Columbus, Ohio. This organization primarily operates in the Real Estate Investment Trusts business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 13 years. Access One Trust is estimated to generate $98,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Real Estate Investment Trusts



Industry:

Real Estate Investment Trusts




SIC Code:

6798











Name:
Access One Trust


Year Founded:


2004






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 98,000



Employees:

1



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 43219






Percentage Population



5,450
White
1,607
Hispanic
20,532
Black
650
Asian
371
Native American
69
Hawaiian
1,157
Other


20.1 %
White
5.9 %
Hispanic
75.7 %
Black
2.4 %
Asian
1.4 %
Native American
0.3 %
Hawaiian
4.3 %
Other













Population




Population 
27,123




Female54.2%14,698


Male45.8%12,425




Median Age

31.8




Female33.1


Male30.2






























Questions & Answers









Are there other companies located at 3435 Stelzer Rd, Columbus, OH?





There are 13 commercial tenants at 3435 Stelzer Rd, Columbus, OH.







How many people work at Access One Trust?





Access One Trust has approximately 1 employees at this location.







How big is Access One Trust?





Access One Trust is estimated to generate $98,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this location.









Is there a key contact at Access One Trust?





Louis Mayverg is the President at Access One Trust. You can contact Louis at (614) 428-3873.







Where is Access One Trust located?





Access One Trust is located at 3435 Stelzer Rd, Columbus, OH 43219.







What is the phone number for Access One Trust?





The phone number for Access One Trust is (614) 428-3873







How long has Access One Trust been in business?





Access One Trust has been in business for approximately 13 years.







What are the annual sales for Access One Trust?





Access One Trust generates approximately $98,000 in annual sales.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 43219






Average House Value


                                $ 94,600
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 34,045
                            



Number of Households

10,860



Persons per Household

2.41













Number of Businesses

2,277



Number of Employees

47,824



Land Area (square miles)

16.851



Water Area (square miles)

0.129



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























Online Living Trust - Create a Living Trust  - Nolo





































 






Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors

Sign In

Support








Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location












Shop Products By Subject














                                                    You may be located in North Carolina.
                                            



Under the North Carolina law, we are unable to sell you Online Forms at this time.
                    We do sell Books and Software that may help you with your DIY needs. Take a look at our store at store.nolo.com to explore your options.
                                    


Close









Products


Bestsellers


Online Living Trust




Online Living Trust









http://store.nolo.com/products/online-living-trust-nntrus.html























Online Form




Price:

$59.99


















Start Now









Online Living Trust
Create your living trust online right now!













				4.3 Rating			
|

				21 Customer Reviews				





Create your living trust online right now! Make a living trust document that's legally valid in your state* to ensure that your property bypasses lengthy and expensive probate proceedings and goes directly to the people you've designated. Nolo's Online Living Trust is easy to use, thorough – and you can save your progress at any time. Sign in and get secure 24-hour online access to your trust document, help on every screen, and instructions for what to do when your document is complete. Plus, you'll get unlimited revisions of your trust document for one full year.
With Nolo's Online Living Trust you can:

Name beneficiaries to inherit your property
Avoid probate
And much more!

One year access to your living trust document.  One trust per purchase.
Trying to decide between our estate planning products?  Click here.
*Estate planning documents not valid in Louisiana, U.S.Territories or Canada. 





Product Details
System Requirements
Online Living Trust FAQs




Product Details

Avoid probate with a legally valid living trust
Create your living trust online right now! Make a living trust document that's legally valid in your state* to ensure that your property bypasses lengthy and expensive probate proceedings and goes directly to the people you've designated. The Online Living Trust is easy to use, thorough – and you can save your progress at any time. Plus, get secure 24-hour online access to your trust document, instructions for what to do when your document is complete, and enjoy unlimited revisions for the length of your subscription.
With the Online Living Trust you can:

Name beneficiaries to inherit your property
Designate trustees of your trust
Create children's subtrusts
Avoid probate
And much more!

With help on every screen, you'll be able to create your living trust quickly and easily. And, Nolo offers exceptional customer service by email or telephone, with additional help from our experienced technical support team.
*Estate planning documents not valid in Louisiana, U.S.Territories or Canada.
Protect your family, quickly and easily. Save on legal fees and time with Nolo's comprehensive online living trust. Don't delay, get your affairs in order now!

Nolo's Guide to Living Trusts
See a sample living trust
Technical Support - Online Living Trust FAQ

You can trust Nolo
For over 40 years Nolo has been publishing affordable, plain English books, forms and software on a wide range of legal and business issues, including estate planning, small business, personal finance, housing, divorce and intellectual property. Everything we publish is regularly revised and improved by our staff of lawyer-editors, to make sure that it's the best it can be. We pay close attention to changes in the law and we'll make sure your online legal documents stay legally up to date.

"In Nolo you can trust."  -- The New York Times
"When it comes to self-help legal stuff, nobody does a better job than Nolo."  -- USA Today
"Best legal self-help site on the Web."  -- Yahoo!

Please note We believe accurate, plain-English legal information should help you solve many of your own legal problems. But it's not a substitute for personalized advice from a knowledgeable lawyer. If you want the help of a trained professional-- and we'll always point out situations in which we think that's a good idea-- consult an attorney licensed to practice in your state. 

                      Product Details                    




System Requirements

In order for the Online Interactive Form to work properly, it is best to use:
Windows

Firefox 1.5 or higher, IE 6 or higher
Adobe Reader 6 or higher
JavaScript must be enabled

Macintosh OS X

Safari 2 or higher
Adobe Reader 6 or higher, or Preview
JavaScript must be enabled
 

                      System Requirements                    




Online Living Trust FAQs

   About Living Trusts

 What is a living trust? 
 Do I need a living trust? 
 I already have a living trust. How do I make changes to it? 
 If I make a living trust, do I still need a will? 
 Are there drawbacks to using a living trust? 
 What other estate planning documents might I need?

   Making a Living Trust with Nolo's Online Legal Forms

 What do I get with Nolo's Online Living Trust? 
 What information will I need to make my living trust? 
 How long will it take to make my living trust? 
 How long will you store my personal information? 
 What if I want to change something later?
 Do I need a lawyer to make a living trust? 
 What if I have questions along the way? 
 Why can't I use Nolo's Online Living Trust in Louisiana? 
 What will my completed living trust look like?


What is a living trust?
You can use a living trust to leave your property to others. You make the trust document, sign it in front of a notary public, and then transfer your property into the trust. During your life you, as the trustee, have complete control over the property in your trust. When you die, the person you named as "successor trustee" passes your trust property to the people you named as beneficiaries.
The main advantage of making a living trust is that, unlike a will, property that passes through your trust does not have to go through probate after your death. This will spare your family the expense and delay of probate proceedings.
Back to top

Do I need a living trust?
If you have valuable property, such as a house or large bank accounts, using a living trust to avoid probate may save your family time and money. On the other hand, if you have only a modest estate you may not need a living trust -- a basic will may be enough. Depending on your state's laws, your property may be able to go through simplified probate procedures for "small estates."
For more on living trusts, see the  Estate Planning section of www.nolo.com.
To begin creating your trust, visit the Nolo's Online Trust page at the Nolo website.
Back to top

I already have a living trust. How do I make changes to it?
If you made your trust using Nolo's Online Living Trust - and you're within your subscription period - you can make changes by signing into your account. Read more about this below in  What if I want to change something later?
For more on living trusts, see the  Estate Planning section of www.nolo.com.
If you did not make your trust with Nolo’s Online Living Trust (or you did, but your subscription expired), then you can either 1) amend your existing trust using a Living Trust Amendment, or 2) revoke your existing trust using a Living Trust Revocation and make a new one.
Learn more about making changes to your living trust.
Back to top

If I make a living trust, do I still need a will?
Yes, you always need a will. A will provides a backup plan for any property that doesn't make it into your trust. For example, if you acquire new property and don't add it to your trust before you die, that property won't pass under the terms of the trust document. You can use a will to name someone to inherit property that you haven't left to a particular person or entity in your trust.
You also need a will to name a guardian for your children.
For more information, or to begin creating your will, visit the Nolo's Online Will page at the Nolo website.
Back to top

Are there drawbacks to using a living trust?
The main drawback to a living trust is paperwork. Making the trust document itself is no more difficult than making a will. But unlike a will, you must get a trust notarized, and you must make sure that ownership of all the property you listed in the trust document is legally transferred to you as trustee of the trust.
If an item of property doesn't have a title (ownership) document, you can simply list it on a document called an Assignment of Property. Nolo's Online Legal Forms does this for you when you make your trust.
But if an item has a title document -- real estate, stocks, mutual funds, bonds, money market accounts or vehicles, for example -- you must create a new title document to show that the property is held in trust. For example, if you want to put your house into your living trust, you must prepare and sign a new deed, transferring ownership to yourself as trustee of the trust.
Back to top

What other estate planning documents might I need?
In addition to a living trust, you might consider making: a will, a  health care directive (to appoint someone to make health-related decisions if you become too ill to do it) and a power of attorney (to allow a trusted person to arrange your affairs if you can't). Learn more about these documents and how they can help your family at www.nolo.com.
Back to top

What do I get with Nolo's Online Living Trust?
When you purchase a Nolo Online Living Trust, you get:

your living trust document
an assignment of property
a certification of trust
a revocation of trust (for later use), and
detailed instructions on how to use these documents.

Then you can come back to Nolo's Online Legal Forms to:

revise your trust (this is called amending and restating your trust)
create a certification for your trust, or
create a revocation for your trust.

Back to top

What information do I need to make my living trust?
It will be easier to make your living trust if you've gathered some information first:

an inventory of the property you want to leave through your living trust
a list of beneficiaries
a list of alternate beneficiaries
a list of young beneficiaries who might require property management until they become adults, and
a list of your first and second choices for successor trustee.

Back to top

How long will it take to make my living trust?
You will make your living trust in three stages:

Make the trust document. Making your trust document could take as little as a few minutes. But a living trust is an important document, so don't rush. Put aside an hour or two to think about your wishes.
Have your trust notarized. After you make the document, you need to sign it in front of a notary public. It shouldn't be hard to find a notary public near you, or you can have one come to you (this will cost more).
Transfer property into your trust. How long this takes depends on what type of property you put in your trust. Items without title documents are transferred by the Assignment of Property form that prints out with your trust document. However, items with title documents -- like real estate, cars or stocks -- may take a few weeks to transfer because you must have the title documents changed.

You'll get detailed instructions for finalizing your trust when you print out your trust document.
Back to top

How long will you store my personal information?
Nolo stores your personal information for the length of your subscription. During that time, you can return to Nolo's Online Legal Forms to revise your living trust by making an amended and restated living trust. You can also return to Nolo's Online Legal Forms to print a certification or a revocation of trust at no additional charge.
If you do not want Nolo to keep your personal information, you can delete it at any time.
Back to top

What if I want to change something later?
You have access to your Online Living Trust for a year from the purchase date. During that time, you can revise your trust (this is called amending and restating your trust), create a certification for your trust, or create a revocation for your trust.
To access your living trust after you've purchased it, sign in to Nolo's Online Legal Forms at https://nolonow.nolo.com/noe/index.php. On Your Home Page, click on the "edit" link under the name of your trust.
You can't edit your completed document directly -- you'll need to find the document interview screen that has the answer you want to change, make the changes, and then download the revised version of your trust.
Back to top

Do I need a lawyer to make a living trust?
Making a trust requires thought and attention to detail, but it does not require a law degree. We'll walk you step-by-step through the process of making your own living trust, giving you help on every screen. And if a situation arises in which you might benefit from the advice of a lawyer or other expert, we'll be the first to tell you.
For example, you should see a lawyer before making your own living trust if:

you think that you or your spouse may leave assets worth more than $2 million
you anticipate family fights over your property, or
you want to set up a long-term trust for a child with special needs.

Back to top

What if I have questions along the way?
Nolo's Online Legal Forms provides extensive legal and practical information to help you every step of the way. On the right side of every screen in the interview, you'll see information about the choices you're making right then.
Back to top

Why can't I use Nolo's Online Living Trust in Louisiana?
Nolo's Online Living Trust is not appropriate for residents of Louisiana or the U.S. territories.
Nolo does not provide estate planning products for Louisiana. Louisiana's estate planning laws differ significantly from those in the other 49 states. If you have questions about Louisiana estate planning, see a local lawyer.
Back to top

What will my completed living trust look like?
To see a sample of a Nolo Online Living Trust, click the link below. Of course, this is just a sample; your document will reflect your property, your circumstances and your state's laws.
Sample trust
Back to top 

                      Online Living Trust FAQs                    






Customer Reviews





4.3









							21 Reviews						


 5

52%

 4

33%

 3

10%

 2

0%

 1

5%








 Product Creates Ease of Mind by Donald M. 









                                                  I purchased this product several years ago and found it very easy to establish a living trust, and I recently renewed my subscription to this product, because I need to make changes in the trust as certain areas of my trust are different than they were several years back.  The product is easy to use, has all the features needed to set up a living trust, and explains all the areas very well.  You can feel good that you have completed what you need without a lot of legal fees.  It delivers a very good product for the price.                (Posted on 7/2/2017)




 Legal help for less Attorney fee. by Anonymous 









                                                  Easy to use. No hard legal terms. Explained for the understanding of a common man.                (Posted on 6/9/2017)




 Easy peasy by Anonymous 









                                                  Seemed so darn easy I'm a little nervous that I did something wrong.  Will check all their tips and links to be sure I completed it correctly.                (Posted on 5/29/2017)




 Get it done by Rebecca 









                                                  Not as daunting as I thought. I just have to do the house deed transfer into the trust, notarized it and will be done. That is the only part that seems tricky, hopefully it will be a simple 2 trip process.                (Posted on 5/25/2017)




 Now we can get on with our bucket list travels with clear consciences!   by Anonymous 









                                                  We have simple needs but only one adult child to pick up matters should we both be gone.  We wanted it to be as easy and inexpensive as possible for him to take care of affairs.  We first read the "Plan your Estate" book from Nolo, then bought the will maker and online trust maker.  We are all set now!  It was so good to get this done.  Now we can get on with our bucket list travels and know that if something happens to one or both of us, matters are in the hands of people we trust with cogent instructions on what to do.  Thanks.                  (Posted on 5/10/2017)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  I found the form easy to complete and make changes.  If I encounter any problems using it in MN I'll let you know.  I'm in the process of having property put into the trust.                (Posted on 5/4/2017)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  Very helpful. All documents are notarized and I'm in the final stages of recording grant deed, etc. I was anxious when I began, and took the process very slowly,  but as I continued, it became easier than I had expected.                 (Posted on 4/14/2017)




 Wish I had done this years ago. by Anonymous 









                                                  Hard to imagine spending hundreds (thousands?) of dollars on an attorney when this was so fast and easy. I own a business and have a child. Thought this would be complicated but I completed the whole thing in about 30 minutes. What a relief.                (Posted on 4/11/2017)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  I thought that the online form was easy to understand but with minor obstacles. It would be great if there was a number that your clients could call to find some answers to simple questions that did arise from filling out the form. Overall it does save the considerable lawyers fees of seeking out an attorney.                (Posted on 4/4/2017)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  Easy and met my needs for a simple trust.                (Posted on 3/2/2017)




 Accomplished by Anonymous 









                                                  Living trust has satisfied my needs and I feel comfortable about my legal needs for me and my family.                (Posted on 2/22/2017)




 Easy to use by Anonymous 









                                                  Efficient tool and gets the job done quickly                (Posted on 2/17/2017)




 Great for a Simple Trust by Anonymous 









                                                  I had a basic Revocable Living Trust basically created the day I ordered this.  I did spend a week reviewing it, before finalizing.  I think it is a great program if you need a basic trust.  If you need more complicated items, it may not be detailed enough.  For example, I considered putting some donations to organizations we support, but could not figure out how to make sure that was done only after my wife dies.  I want to make sure she has access to all our assets if I die first.  It's OK because I can find another way to make those donations outside the trust.  Our trust is finalized now at a very affordable price, considering lawyer could cost thousands of dollars.                (Posted on 2/13/2017)




 very basic by Anonymous 









                                                  Very basic without a lot of options. I made various customization by creating an amendment. It would be nice if the program at least helped provide a way to amend it.                 (Posted on 2/3/2017)




 Simple, comprehensive and most importantly - valid! by Anonymous 









                                                  I used this to create a trust and transferred my house into it from an LLC. The process is quite simple using this online form! Very pleased with the results                (Posted on 1/27/2017)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  Easy to use and seemed complete in all details.  Is there a separate form for "transfer of assets/property"?                (Posted on 1/21/2017)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  It APPEARS TO BE A GOOD TRUST BUT HAVE NOT HAD TIME TO ACTIVATE UNTIL AFTER WE GET OUR TAXES DONE IN EARLY FEB.                (Posted on 1/19/2017)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  Easy to follow instructions and best value.                (Posted on 12/15/2016)




 Review by Anonymous 









                                                  This is premature as I haven't yet completed the forms and process ... but since you asked, thus far I am pleased. The much lower price, and one personal recommendation, prompted me to go with Nolo rather than the competition. Ask again when I have it all done (delays are on my end).                (Posted on 12/5/2016)




 Not what I wanted by Anonymous 









                                                  Not what I thought it would be. I have an LLC that I want to change to a Trust, and all your program does is let individuals do a trust                (Posted on 12/3/2016)




 Waiting and Analyzing by Anonymous 









                                                  Still working with the product trying to decide the best path, living trust or will.  Also waiting to hear on my question about the purchase I made of Quicken Willmaker.                (Posted on 10/25/2016)
























Online Form




Price:

$59.99


















Start Now










        Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought    





Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought

 
 




Online Will


$59.99


Buy Now




 
 




Affidavit of Domicile


$34.99


Start Now




 
 




Letter to Insurance Company After Death


$24.99


Start Now













Legal Products





Accidents & Injuries 



Bankruptcy



Bills of Sale



Business Formation



Business Operations



Consumer Protection



Debt & Credit Repair



Criminal Law



Divorce & Child Custody



Elder Care



Employment/HR



Family & Parenting



Foreclosure



Free Forms Library



Immigration



Intellectual Property



Landlord-Tenant



Leases & Rental Agreements



Legal Research



Marriage & Domestic Partnership



Name Change



Nonprofits



NoloCloud Legal Forms



Online LLCs



Personal Finance



Power of Attorney



Promissory Notes



Real Estate



Small Claims & Lawsuits



Social Security & Retirement



Taxes



Traffic Tickets



Wills & Trusts

 













Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.




















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software









Legal Forms, Online Documents, Software, Books  - Nolo


































 






Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors

Sign In

Support








Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location












Shop Products By Subject







Shop by Products







Legal Products





Accidents & Injuries 



Bankruptcy



Bills of Sale



Business Formation



Business Operations



Consumer Protection



Debt & Credit Repair



Criminal Law



Divorce & Child Custody



Elder Care



Employment/HR



Family & Parenting



Foreclosure



Free Forms Library



Immigration



Intellectual Property



Landlord-Tenant



Leases & Rental Agreements



Legal Research



Marriage & Domestic Partnership



Name Change



Nonprofits



NoloCloud Legal Forms



Online LLCs



Personal Finance



Power of Attorney



Promissory Notes



Real Estate



Small Claims & Lawsuits



Social Security & Retirement



Taxes



Traffic Tickets



Wills & Trusts

 







Legal Forms and Online Documents, Books, & Software


Thousands of do-it-yourself products including legal forms, online documents, books and ebooks, and software. Generate a customized estate planning form like a will, a living trust, or a  power of attorney, in just minutes. Download a  lease form easily, complete with state-specific instructions and information. Or incorporate your LLC online, and get all the most common business forms you'll need to operate your business. All of our products are written in plain-English, approved, and updated by expert attorneys.






Nolo's #1 Bestseller

Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017


More Best Selling Products












			Online Living Trust		














			Online Provisional Patent Application		














			Online California LLC		














			Promissory Note		














			Deduct It!		







Nolo's #1 Bestseller

Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017


More Best Selling Products











			Online Living Trust		















			Online Provisional Patent Application		














			Online California LLC		














			Promissory Note		














			Deduct It!		








Featured Products



Bankruptcy



see all














Buy Now




Chapter 13 Bankruptcy
Chapter 13 bankruptcy explained -- find out if it's right for you, and how you can keep valuable property while discharging some unsecured debt. 




Buy Now











Buy Now




How to File for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy laws are constantly changing -- get the book that guides you through this increasingly complex process, step by step.




Buy Now











Buy Now




The New Bankruptcy
Eliminate your overwhelming debts by finding the best strategy for your situation with this best selling guide.




Buy Now










Business Formation



see all














Buy Now




Form Your Own Limited Liability Company
Create an LLC in your state using the plain-English information and legal forms in this bestseller.




Buy Now











Start Now




LLC Operating Agreement
Create an Operating Agreement for your LLC to establish the business's internal operating rules.




Start Now











Buy Now




LLC or Corporation?
Decide which incorporation is the right decision for your company.




Buy Now










Divorce & Child Custody



see all














Buy Now




Divorce & Money
Learn common sense financial strategies during divorce -- divide debts, set alimony, negotiate a fair settlement, and more.




Buy Now











Buy Now




Nolo's Essential Guide to Child Custody & Support
Get the answers you need to create the right child custody and support plan.




Buy Now











Buy Now




Nolo's Essential Guide to Divorce
Your practical legal companion through all stages of separation and divorce.




Buy Now










Employment/HR



see all














Buy Now




Create Your Own Employee Handbook
Create a custom, reader-friendly guide to your workplace policies, quickly and easily.




Buy Now











Buy Now




The Employer's Legal Handbook
Wage laws, employee benefits, and everything else employers need to know, all in one complete guide. 




Buy Now











Buy Now




The Essential Guide to Workplace Investigations
Resolve employee complaints and problems with this all-in-one guide for HR pros, managers and owners.




Buy Now










Immigration



see all














Buy Now




Becoming a U.S. Citizen
Live in the U.S. legally and shave months or years off the time it takes to become a citizen. 




Buy Now











Buy Now




Fiancé & Marriage Visas
If you're married or engaged to a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, and need to get a visa, this book is for you.




Buy Now











Buy Now




How to Get a Green Card
Get your green card with all the essential information you need in one book.




Buy Now










Intellectual Property



see all














Buy Now




Getting Permission
Secure legal use of copyrighted images, text, music and more with the plain-English information in this comprehensive book.




Buy Now











Buy Now




How to Make Patent Drawings
Create formal patent drawings -- and save hundreds (or thousands)  of dollars!  




Buy Now











Start Now




Idea Submission Agreement
Protect your idea from corporate theft and avoid costly lawsuits.




Start Now










Nonprofits



see all














Buy Now




Every Nonprofit's Tax Guide
Keep your nonprofit's tax-exempt status and stay out of IRS trouble with this comprehensive tax guide.




Buy Now











Buy Now




How to Form a Nonprofit Corporation
Start and run a nonprofit in your state with all the forms and  step-by-step instructions you need in this complete guide.  




Buy Now











Start Now




Nonprofit Fundraising Registration





Start Now










Real Estate



see all














Start Now




Arizona Quitclaim Deed
Prepare a quitclaim deed and transfer your property in Arizona.




Start Now











Start Now




California Quitclaim Deed
Transfer California real estate quickly and easily with a quitclaim deed using the information and forms in this all-in-one kit.




Start Now











Start Now




Colorado Quitclaim Deed
Prepare a quitclaim deed and transfer your property in Colorado.




Start Now










Wills & Trusts



see all














Buy Now




Make Your Own Living Trust
Create a living trust and avoid probate with the plain English information and legal forms you need to create the right trust for your family, including children's subtrusts, AB trusts, and back-up wills.




Buy Now











Buy Now




Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017
Complete estate planning software. Includes Wills, Health Care Directive, Power of Attorney, and other essential documents. Works on both Windows and Mac!




Buy Now











Buy Now




The Executor's Guide
Settle an estate or trust with this all-in-one guide for executors.




Buy Now







 








Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.



















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software









Nolo Bestsellers  - Nolo


































 






Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors

Sign In

Support








Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location












Shop Products By Subject







Products


Bestsellers







Legal Products





Accidents & Injuries 



Bankruptcy



Bills of Sale



Business Formation



Business Operations



Consumer Protection



Debt & Credit Repair



Criminal Law



Divorce & Child Custody



Elder Care



Employment/HR



Family & Parenting



Foreclosure



Free Forms Library



Immigration



Intellectual Property



Landlord-Tenant



Leases & Rental Agreements



Legal Research



Marriage & Domestic Partnership



Name Change



Nonprofits



NoloCloud Legal Forms



Online LLCs



Personal Finance



Power of Attorney



Promissory Notes



Real Estate



Small Claims & Lawsuits



Social Security & Retirement



Taxes



Traffic Tickets



Wills & Trusts

 







Bestsellers



Get tried and true solutions to your legal problems with these bestselling Nolo products. Nolo offers the books, software, legal forms and online documents you need to protect your family, run your business, and plan for the future without the attorney fees.
Turn to Nolo's time- and money-saving products for solutions to your legal issues, including:

planning your estate
starting a business or nonprofit
patenting your invention
doing your own divorce
representing yourself in court

-- and more!
Bestsellers
 










CHECK OUT Nolo's Bestsellers 















How to Form a Nonprofit Corporation



Buy Now



Buy Now












Quicken WillMaker Plus 2017



Buy Now



Buy Now












Online Living Trust



Buy Now



Buy Now














Make Your Own Living Trust



Buy Now



Buy Now












Online Provisional Patent Application




                Start Now            




                Start Now            












Nolo's Estate Planning Bundle



Buy Now



Buy Now














The Executor's Guide



Buy Now



Buy Now












Promissory Note



Start Now



Start Now












Every Landlord's Legal Guide



Buy Now



Buy Now














Form Your Own Limited Liability Company



Buy Now



Buy Now












How to File for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy



Buy Now



Buy Now












Every Landlord's Tax Deduction Guide



Buy Now



Buy Now














Nolo's Guide to Single-Member LLCs



Buy Now



Buy Now












Quicken Legal Business Pro 



Buy Now



Buy Now












Nolo's Guide to Social Security Disability



Buy Now



Buy Now














How to Win Your Personal Injury Claim



Buy Now



Buy Now












Nolo's Start & Run an LLC Bundle



Buy Now



Buy Now












How to Probate an Estate in California



Buy Now



Buy Now














Represent Yourself in Court



Buy Now



Buy Now












Nolo's Essential Guide to Divorce



Buy Now



Buy Now












Special Needs Trusts



Buy Now



Buy Now















Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.



















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



































51 Words That Inspire Trust and How to Use Them In Marketing | JeremySaid

















































































51 Words That Inspire Trust and How to Use Them In Marketing







Posted  to: Web Psychology

In e-commerce, everything hinges on trust. To be a successful marketer — whether in person or online — you have to be trusted. Something about you or your online presence must create a sense of trust in the buyer.
If they don’t trust you, they won’t buy from you.
We could essentially reframe the entire marketing question into one of trust — how do you make users trust you?
Why Trust is So Important
The only person who will convert is a person who has trust. 
In e-commerce, trust is everything.
Trust is a huge marketing category, and one that branches out to dozens of subcategories. Just imagine the myriad ways that trust is required, cultivated and encouraged. Here are some of them:

Trust that the decision he or she is making is the right one.
Trust that the product or service is the right one.
Trust that the product will be of sufficient quality.
Trust that the pictures or description of the product or service on the website truthfully represent the product or service that is purchased and received.
Trust that the business or company is legitimate.
Trust that the merchant is ethical.
Trust that the delivery is ensured.
Trust that the money will be received.
Trust that the exchange will be fair.
Trust that the technology for payment processing is working.
Trust that the business’ profits will be used for good purposes.
Trust that the business will continue to exist after the purchase for returns/exchanges/service/warranty, etc.
Trust that if the product or services turns out to be a disappointment it can be returned or exchanged, or payment will be refunded.
Trust that there are real people who will be able to respond to inquiries.
Trust that those people will be reachable by phone, email or other means.
Trust that the people within that company will be able to speak in a language that the customer understands.
Trust that the people are nice.

Trust is important precisely because the entire purchase experience depends upon trust in order to be successful.
Every conversion is an indication that trust has been won. Every new customer represents a person whose trust has been earned. Every return customer represents a person whose trust continues to be held.
Without trust, there is no such thing as conversions, customers or revenue.
Trust is the functional center for all of conversion optimization.
I don’t want to blow this trust thing way out of proportion, but it’s a really big deal.
In order to encourage customers to buy, conversion optimization experts focus on three main areas:

Increasing motivation
Reducing anxiety
Reducing friction.

Here’s how trust plays a role in each of these:

Increasing motivation. Every user must have a degree of trust in order for motivation to be effective. Motivating factors include urgency, likability, consistency and incentives. Behind all of these is the need for trust. 
Reducing anxiety. Anxiety is the antithesis of trust. The entire effort of reducing anxiety goes hand-in-hand in  creating trust.
Reducing friction. There are lots of different types of friction. Many of these friction elements are created by a lack of trust. The only way to reduce friction in such categories (copy, cognitive, design, etc.) is to increase trust.

That’s why trust is so important. Your livelihood as a marketer depends on trust, and it depends on understanding, earning and keeping that trust.
Thankfully, what we do (and write) impacts trust. As Reinhard Bachmann wrote in The Journal of Trust Research, “If trust could not be influenced and indeed be deliberately created and shaped, trust research would largely be a waste of time.”
The more skilled we become at creating and shaping trust, the more skilled we become as marketers.
Why Words are So Important
Everything I’ve written so far prompts the question — so how do I create trust?!
With words.
“Content is king” is one of the most agonizingly cliche phrases in the history of the Internet. But it’s a cliche precisely because it’s so true.
Content wins the day in conversion optimization as much as it does in search engine optimization. Content is one of the most important features in creating trust in your users. I’m not going to say it’s the only thing. But it is one of the most important things.
You need to create content that inspires trust.
Humans are Driven by Language
The use of language is rooted deep within our brains. Humans are wired for language and operate based on language. Beyond its primal origins, however, language also has profound cultural moorings. Mere phonetics and pronunciation have an impact on the perception and profitability of companies.
To cite just one example, George Eastman named his world-class company “Kodak” because the Ks made it a strong and pronounceable name.  Something about that voiceless velar plosive …

(Image source)
Stocks that hit the market with pronounceable and memorable names and ticker symbols actually perform demonstrably better.
When a landing page uses words successfully, it is inspiring trust with those words.
Even in the life-on-life interaction of trust building, words are important. The Wall Street Journal ran a piece about how leaders can inspire trust.

In a revealing way, the five points the article expanded on each had something to do with language and words:

Show that your interests are the same.
Demonstrate concern for others.
Deliver on your promises.
Be consistent and honest.
Communicate frequently, clearly and openly.

Each of these five points are directly related to using words and language, and the article sums it up in the final point — “Communication is also the vehicle through which the other four elements of trustworthiness are delivered.”
Everything comes back to language, words and the message … content.
The question becomes: What words inspire trust?
Finally, I’ve settled on the entire point of this whole article — the specific words, phrases and type of message that can inspire trust.
The List of Trust-Inspiring Words and Phrases

How did I come up with this list of words?
This isn’t just based on gut, even though “gut feeling” is where a sense of trust often resides. The list you’ll see below is based on several factors:
Research
Believe it or not — trust me on this — there are entire organizations and branches of study that deal with trust. Some organizations even focus on specific areas of trust, such as organizational trust. Some journals deal exclusively with the academic research on trust. This research was instrumental in my developing this list. Other writers have developed similar lists of converting or trustworthy words.
Phonology
The very sound of words (phonology) has an effect on their usage, understanding and trustworthiness. As Cornell researchers recently discussed in an issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, “The sounds of words contain information about their syntactic role. … Phonological typicality affects both the speed with which we access words in isolation as well as when we process them in the context of other words in a sentence.” This reality has a profound impact upon the trustworthiness of given words.
For a long time, researchers and linguists have concurred that “the sounds of some words fit the meanings particularly well” (Michael Wertheimer, The American Journal of Psychology, Vol. 71, No. 2 [June 1958], pp. 412-415). The better the fit, the greater likelihood of a trust response.
Connotative Meaning
Words also have meaning. “Meaning” goes beyond dictionary referents to the associations that we make with certain words. This is an issue of semantic relationships, and is perhaps the greatest contributor to the trustworthiness of certain words. Let’s take an example of how we move from a given word to a connotative association.

Origin word: slither. This word’s very phonology has a sinister sound. Beyond that, however, we associate “slithering” with snakes.
Connotative word: snake. Snakes bite. They are creepy. Most members of the general population do not have strong feelings of affection or affinity toward snakes. According to the Bible, Satan appeared as a snake to Adam and Eve.
Conceptual connotation: Satan. Satan is the personification of evil, the antithesis of good, and the locus of all that is bad.
Connotative conclusion: The word slithering just feels bad or  negative.

Denotative Meaning
The straightforward dictionary meaning of a word is what originally classifies it as trustworthy. Words that inspire trust are words that are synonyms of trust. The meaning of a word stands as its own marker of trust.
Authentic — People love authenticity. We all crave something that is real.
Accurate — Accuracy can be very compelling. Since people are trained to be skeptical of information on the Internet, this word can tend to deepen the trustworthiness of copy.
Ask — If people feel the freedom to ask and inquire, it strengthens their feeling of trust. Even if they don’t ask anything, just knowing that they can will help to create trust.
Answer — The cognitive resolution to “asking” is answering, thus the word “answer” has a ring of trustworthiness.
Authoritative — We respect, admire, follow and respond to authority figures, authoritative research and authoritative information. The knowledge that someone or something is authoritative is enough to create a feeling of trust.
Backed — The idea that something is “backed” brings to mind fiduciary trust and a gold standard. We believe in it.
Best-selling — When someone or something is “best-selling” it means that a lot of people trust and respect that product or the person behind it.
Build — “Build” is a word that we think of in relationship to a good work ethic and strength. It’s definitely trustworthy.
Cancel Anytime — This is a safety net for people’s anticipation of buyer’s remorse. “Anytime” provides great flexibility; being always available inspires trust.
Certified — It really doesn’t matter what’s certified or where the certificate came from. Someone else trusted it.
Data — How we love our data! Just the word data, even if there are no charts to back it up, makes us feeling trusting.
Dependable — This is one of those words with compelling phonology. In addition, from a connotative standpoint, the word sounds like “deep,” “pensive,” “able.” These are words with trustworthy sensations running through them.
Endorsed — An endorsement, or more simply the use of the word, is reassuring. Again, someone or some organization already considered and thought highly of the recipient of the endorsement.
Earned — Another statement of work ethic and honesty. People feel good whenever they or someone else “earns” something.
Factual — Facts are stronger than opinions. Facts back up claims. And claims backed by facts can be trusted.
Faithful — Like Old Yeller or other iterations of man’s best friend, we all like something or someone who is faithful.
Guaranteed — A guarantee assuages doubt. The guarantee is the powerhouse that drives many successful e-commerce and retail establishments. This word is power.

Give — People who “give” are people who are good. They can be trusted.
Genuine — This word is synonymous with “authentic” and “true.”
Help — Helping implies that you are not just solving a problem; you are becoming a hard-working partner.

Honest — “Can you be trusted?” can be asked in a different way: “Are you honest?” Honesty breeds trustworthiness every time.
Ironclad — Often paired with “guarantee” this word conveys a sense of strength and integrity.
Identify — Much of trustworthiness has to do with a sense of empathy or relatedness. If you can relate to something — identify with it — you are more likely to trust it.
Integrity — Integrity is a character quality that demands trust. When applied to products or services, is inspires similar feelings.
Lifetime — People are assured when they know something is for their “lifetime.” This word gets personal and assures us of what most of us expect to be a lengthy future.
Loyal — Many have bemoaned the lack of loyalty in today’s culture. If you can introduce this word, you will create an old-fashioned sense of honesty and integrity that helps to strengthen trust.
Money-back — It’s another form of guarantee, which demonstrates your trust in your product. People like the idea of getting their money back if they aren’t satisfied. Use this word.
No Obligation — People are afraid of obligation — financial or otherwise. Turn off this fear and turn up the trust with this phrase.
No Questions Asked — This phrase says that you’re not nosing into their business. No NSA stuff going down here!
No Risk — Risk aversion characterizes many unrealized purchases. This phrase helps to reduce fear of loss while ratcheting up the trust.
No Strings Attached — This phrase has a way of stripping away confusion, and wiping away the mumbo jumbo of legal agreements. It makes the idea of converting easier while assuring people that you’re straightforward and true.
Official — Something “official” is bound to be trustworthy.
Oven — Ovens have nothing to do with trust. Just seeing if you’re paying attention.
Privacy — Since consumers value their privacy, so should you. Honoring privacy inspires trust.
Protected — When used in the context of a purchase, knowing that there’s some sort of protection makes skeptics become buyers through the conduit of trust.

Proof/proven — We’re more likely to trust something if someone else has put it to the test and proven its value.
Recession-proof — Want to fend off people’s greatest economic fear? This phrase is for you.
Relate — Again, back to the connotative issue; people like something or someone with whom they can relate.
Respect — Respecting others helps them to trust you.
Refund — Like “money back,” the promise of a refund makes it easier to buy, since there’s no financial risk involved.
Research — If you’ve done research or if your product has been researched, knowing that it’s been “checked out” inspires trust.
Results — People crave results. More to the point, they trust results.
Science, scientific — People’s belief in science has led them to trust anything that is backed (that word!) by science.

Secure — We all want security in every area of life. If people can gain a sense of security through their transaction with your product or service, it will help them trust you.
Satisfaction — Everyone wants satisfaction.

Tested — People avoid things that are untested. Having the word “tested” indicates that your product or service has proven itself.
Trust/trusted/entrust — This is fairly obvious.

True — If it’s true, it’s honest, real, something you can count on. It can be trusted.
Try — Assurance comes from experience. And experience is one of the greatest sources of trustworthiness.
Unconditional — Like “no strings attached,” this word implies that there’s nothing hidden; it is what it is. People trust simplicity.
Understand — The issue of empathy again comes into play with this word, introducing a sense of relatedness and assurance.
Verify/Veracity — Like “proven” and “tested,” the fact that your product or service has been verified indicates that a third party vouches for its trustworthiness.
Value — The word “value” reinforces the idea that someone is getting a good deal.
Warranty — This word signals that you stand behind your product or service. That you trust it is good. That you promise some relief if it fails lessens the risk of a purchase.
You (also I, me, my; i.e., use of first person and second person) — People trust people, and when you indicate that you are a person, you will be better able to create a sense of trust. It has been said that “you” is  the most powerful word in the English language. Copywriters attest to the powerful nature of the word “you” in headlines and advertising copy. Use of the first-person can also enhance trust. When first-person voice is used, as in testimonials, it creates a feeling of understanding and sympathy with the user.
A caveat
I want to end this article with a caveat.
You can’t fake trust. Trust either is or it isn’t. The very definition and reality of trust implies its genuine status. Words not backed by reality are meaningless. A message that sounds “trusting” but is not backed by the trustworthy action serves only to emphasize how untrustworthy the business really is.
You can use these words — and you should — to shape trust. But you can’t expect to build trust on words alone.
Shares 0







Jeremy Smith
Conversion Expert
			Jeremy writes about conversion optimization, web psychology, and what makes users click in the digital world. He is also a Google Certified trainer and avid online marketer.










 







Free E-book available for download
The Definitive Guide to Landing Page Optimization
In this dynamic new e-book, I‘ll tell you the game-changing landing page optimization tips that will make any in-house marketer succeed – including the 7 must-have elements of every landing page.








Your name, please!

Your name, please!

Valid email, please!
Get the E-book
				











Rachel



Very valuable info. Gonna use these words! thanks!






Jason George



Thanks Jeremy for sharing these “Trust” words. Will be incorporating some in my site. Trust has always been difficult to really establish. Appreciate your article!






Marina Michaels



Thanks for these words. I came to this site because a friend of mine and I are trying to come up with a trust-inspiring motto for a fictitious company (for a story we’re writing). I’m not quite sure how we’ll work “oven” into the motto, but we’ll try. 😀








Get Weekly Updates 





Send
Thank you!










Jeremy Smith
Conversion Expert
			Jeremy writes about conversion optimization, web psychology, and what makes users click in the digital world. He is also a Google Certified trainer and avid online marketer.










Blog Categoriesview allA/B Testing17Cognitive Bias9Conversion Optimization124Ecommerce4Landing Page Optimization37Neuromarketing22Web Psychology70Search the Blog 







 


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














OneTrust Home Loans





















(855) 589-9506
 

















Refinance to Start Saving Today

We're mortgage strategists. Share with us your goals, and we'll let you know how much you can save!



Lower your monthly mortgage payment


Eliminate monthly mortgage insurance


Pull cash out to pay for large purchases, fund tuition, etc.



 








Speak with a mortgage expertNo Risk – No Obligation





















































              Lead Source String:            






              Marketing Status:            




Submit



























By clicking the ‘Get a Quote’ button above, I authorize OneTrust Home Loans to contact me using an automated dialing system, even if the telephone number is a cellular phone or other service for which the party is charged. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent in order to obtain goods or services from OneTrust Home Loans. I agree to receive disclosures and communications in electronic form and I confirm that I have a working computer system and an internet website browser to view this webpage and this loan inquiry form. I agree that OneTrust Home Loans may contact me by mail, telephone (mobile devices including SMS and MMS) or email in connection with my request even if my telephone number or email address appears on a OneTrust Home Loans internal Do Not Call / Do Not Email List, a State or National Do Not Call Registry, a Do Not E-Mail list, or any other Do Not Contact List.









“Working with OneTrust Home Loans for our refinance was so easy. They offered a better rate and put us into a shorter term loan saving us money monthly and over the term of the loan. They made refinancing so simple and quick. I would recommend using OneTrust Home Loans for your next refinance or new loan. ”
-Cindy G.


“I closed 2 loans with OneTrust Home Loans. Although the mortgage process can be exhausting, our OneTrust rep, Mat Dlugolenski, went above and beyond. He was extremely friendly, responsive and walked us through the process in a very clear and concise manner...[ ] We closed on time and the rates and fees were even better than I expected...[ ]."

-Robert S.












Competitive Refinance Rates





Awesome Customer Service





Fast & Free Upfront Credit Approvals







Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 225001200002798773-6307138014087045Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 225001200002798773-5232142059636618Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 225001200002798773-5221967282112388