





 






Venkat Achanta, Chief Data and Analytics Officer, Neustar


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Venkat Achanta



Chief Data and Analytics Officer
at
Neustar


Location: Bentonville, Arkansas





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Venkat Achanta



Chief Data and Analytics Officer
at
Neustar


Location: Bentonville, Arkansas




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Venkat Achanta is Chief Data and Analytics Officer at NeuStar Inc. Achanta has more than 20 years of experience in data science, analytics and enterprise information management. Prior to Neustar, Achanta served as Chief Data Officer at Walmart, where he was responsible for all data and analytics delivery platforms across the company, optimizing customer experiences across retail channels. Prior to Walmart, Achanta served as Senior Vice President, Global Head of Analytics and Big Data at AIG, Vice President, Enterprise Data Services at Capital One and Vice President, Global Product Development and Delivery at Experian.



6

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Retail Trade




Tags
Data Warehousing, Analytics, Enterprise Software




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Venkat AchantaCareer (6)






Jul-2016




Neustar



Chief Data and Analytics Officer







2014 to 2016




Walmart



Chief Data Officer, Head of Enterprise Information Management







2013 to 2014




AIG



SVP, Global Head of Analytics and BigData







2010 to 2013




Capital One



Vice President, Enterprise Data Services







2000 to 2010




Experian



Vice President, Global Product Development & Delivery







1995 to 2000




Keane



Manager








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Venkat AchantaEducation (2)






2008



UCLA Anderson School of Management









1995



Andhra University


Computer Science & Systems Engineering









 Edit



Venkat AchantaAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Venkat Achanta






 Edit



Venkat AchantaLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Venkat Achanta









Venkat AchantaInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Venkat Achanta









Venkat AchantaInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Venkat Achanta








Venkat AchantaRelated People








Colleagues at Neustar







Luis Chaves

Managing Director, Neustar MarketShare, EMEA
Jul-2017









Barrett Lyon

Head Research and Development of Security Solutions
Dec-2016









Nick Hulse

Chief Revenue Officer
Oct-2016









Sven Bagemihl

Managing Director
Sep-2016








View all 
Peers (2)







Lee Insinga

Chief Analytics Officer of Ziften Technologies









MATT  GRAVES

Chief Data Officer of Infogroup












View all 



Venkat AchantaRecommended Market Profiles (12)








Data Management Platforms (ChiefMartec.com)

10,000 or More employees
50 companies








DMP's (Lumascape) 

1,000 - 2,500 employees
9 companies








Marketing Data (Lumascape)

10,000 or More employees
10 companies








MCRM/Data (Mobile Lumascape)

10,000 or More employees
12 companies








Infrastructure (Mobile LumaScape)

10,000 or More employees
10 companies








Digital Marketing Hubs (Gartner)

10,000 or More employees
16 companies
























Neustar Hires Venkat Achanta as Chief Data Officer | CMO Strategy - AdAge






































































































































Advertising Age

















Marketing


Advertising


Digital


Media


Agency


Data


Publishing Partners





Video




Beware Early Reports on the TV Upfronts
Sure, there's $20 billion of commercial time in play. But the speculation that precedes real deals is practically pointless.



Featured

Super Bowl Ad Archive
Best Places to Work
Women to Watch
40 Under 40
Agency Report
Leading National Advertisers
Tagline Podcast




Required Reading





The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack


Opinion See All

DigitalNext
The Media Guy
Agency Viewpoint
Rance Crain







Menu












 
















Advertising Age









LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE NOW

Search





















How to Accessorize Your Lions, and Other Advertising Tips From David
By Laurel Wentz - 1 hour ago

Array
 0










Cannes Daily Blog Day Five: Sorrell Says Cannes Might Need a New Location
3 hours ago

Array
 0










Campbell Soup Hires VP To Helm Digital Acceleration Push
By Jessica Wohl - 5 hours ago

Array
 0










The Death of Creative Excellence
By Mark Wnek - 10 hours ago

Array
 0










In This Dystopian Sci-Fi Film from Budweiser, Beer Can Set You Free
By Angela Doland - 11 hours ago

Array
 0

















Nice Work If You Can Get It: As May C3 Ratings Fall 14%, Network Ad Revenue Rises
By Anthony Crupi - 14 hours ago

 0










Jet.com and R/GA Win Cannes' Media Grand Prix for 'Innovating Saving'
By Laurel Wentz - 20 hours ago

 0










The Entertainment Lions Grand Prix Goes to ... a Bank
By Ann-Christine Diaz - 20 hours ago

 0










Intel Will Sponsor the Olympics to Showcase Virtual Reality Tech
23 hours ago

 0










An Odd Soccer Field and Public Pay Phones Win Design Prizes
By Laurel Wentz - 20 hours ago

 0













Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017
 - 11 hours ago

 0






Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too
By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago

 0






Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men
By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago

 0






NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition
By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday

 0






Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest)
By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago

 0














Aleady a member? Sign in


Get More From Ad Age
Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including

7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity
Ability to comment on articles and creative work 
Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy

To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page


Register Now 









Want more Access, Content & Connections?
We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today.
Upgrade to Membership










Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage.









Hey, there.
It looks like you're using an ad blocker.
The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either:

SUBSCRIBE
or
WHITELIST US








×

Sign In
Register










Sign In 
Forgot Password?












Once registered, you can:

- Read additional free articles each month
- Comment on articles and featured creative work
- Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox










Register Now 
By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account.












Neustar Names Walmart's Venkat Achanta as Chief Data, Analytics Officer
Newly Created Role for Information Services Provider


	By  

Kara Chin.
	

	
	
 Published on July 13, 2016. 









		Venkat Achanta. Credit: Courtesy of Neustar
 	








Most Popular






 


Information services provider Neustar announced today that data science expert Venkat Achanta is its new chief data and analytics officer.
In the newly created role, he will be responsible for developing Neustar's authoritative identity and attribution platform to enhance customer experiences.
Mr. Achanta has more than 20 years of experience in data science, analytics and enterprise information management. He worked as Walmart's chief data officer since 2014, where he handled all of the data and analytics delivery platforms and improved customer experiences. He previously served as senior VP and global head of analytics and big data at AIG, VP-Enterprise Data Services at Capital One and VP-Global Product Development at Experian.
"We're so lucky to have him," said Steven Wolfe Pereira, chief marketing and communications officer. "There's a true battle for finding incredible data science talent."
"We want a real thought leader that can combine all the areas of the company," he said. "We deal with marketing, security, telecomm and financial services. It was designed with Venkat's expertise and experience [in mind]. It's a great match."
Mr. Achanta will report to the company's president and CEO Lisa Hook in San Francisco.
"Today there are more devices than people connected to the internet," said Ms. Hook in a press release. "From managing the complex scale of data in the retail industry to intelligently navigating the sophisticated data security concerns in the financial services industry, Venkat's enterprise-class expertise makes him uniquely qualified to lead Neustar's data science innovations that will help our clients and partners."


Related Stories


Neustar Purchases MarketShare Partners in $450 Million Deal




Publicis Groupe Creates New Entity for Walmart to Handle U.S. Creative, In-Store Marketing




"We're just at the beginning of the connected world and I'm thrilled to be at Neustar, a company that will play a critical role in helping drive the connected world forward," Mr. Achanta said.
"We need to move beyond buzzwords like 'Big Data.' What clients need are better insights, better context and better visibility across all connections to make better business decisions."
The company announced last month that it would split Neustar into two publicly traded companies: one focused on call-routing services for telecom carriers and another for information services. Neustar's chief financial officer Paul Lalljie will become the president and CEO of the call-routing company while Ms. Hook will lead the information services company under her current title.
Neustar has more than 12,000 clients around the world and generates about 2.5 quadrillion bits of data every day. Last year, it had $470 million in revenue from its marketing, security and data services business and $580 million in revenue from real-time numbering and routing services.

In this article:

CMO StrategyResearchThe CMO Guide































Become a Member


Register Now
Renew
Membership Benefits
Datacenter
















Site by AREA 17










































Venkat Achanta - Data Center











































 




arrow-downarrow-leftarrow-rightarrow-upbiocircleclosedownloadfacebookgplusinstagramlinkedinmailmenuphoneplaysearchsharespinnertwitteryoutube









Home





Venkat Achanta – Data Center





Sign In
Join IAB

Sorry. This form is no longer available. 

























Venkat  Achanta - Irvine, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Venkat  Achanta in Irvine, CA


Venkat  Achanta

                                                                        Intelius found that Venkat  Achanta  from Irvine, CA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Venkat Has Lived In

Irvine, CA
Mc Lean, VA







Venkat  Achanta



Professional Status
Vice President of Product Development at Capital One Financial Corp



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Venkat? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Venkat, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Venkat  Achanta
Get a Criminal Check on Venkat  Achanta
Get a Public Record Report on Venkat  Achanta
Get a People Search Report on Venkat  Achanta


Venkat  Achanta's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Venkat  Achanta has lived as well as Venkat  Achanta's phone numbers and email addresses.




Venkat  Achanta Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Venkat  Achanta


133 T********* D* 

Irvine, CA


Has Lived In

Irvine, CA
Mc Lean, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Venkat  Achanta

(703) ***-**** - Mc Lean, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Venkat  Achanta

v************a@***.biz
v************a@***.com
v************a@***.com


Get Email Report




Venkat  Achanta's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Venkat  Achanta's academic history.  Find out which schools Venkat  Achanta attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Venkat  Achanta received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Venkat  Achanta Has Attended 6 Schools
National University of Singapore 2008                              
UCLA Anderson School of Management               2006 – 2008                              
UCLA Anderson School of Management               2006 – 2008                              
University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management               2006 – 2008                              
Andhra University               1991 – 1995                              
Andhra University               1991 – 1995                              


Venkat  Achanta's Professional Information
Information regarding Venkat  Achanta's professional history.  Find out previous places Venkat  Achanta has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Venkat  Achanta Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Capital One Financial Corp
               Title: Vice President of Product Development
Company: NeuStar Inc.
               Title: Chief Data & Analytics Officer
Venkat  Achanta's Experience
Title: Vice President of Product Development
               Company: Capital One Financial Corp
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Title: Chief Data & Analytics Officer
               Company: NeuStar Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Venkat  Achanta

 See Venkat  Achanta's LinkedIn Profile



Venkat  Achanta's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Venkat  Achanta


Venkat  Achanta's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Venkat  Achanta's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Venkat Achanta
Username Matches

                  VenkatAchanta
                  AchantaVenkat
                  Venkat.Achanta
                  Achanta.Venkat
                  Venkat_Achanta
                  Achanta_Venkat
                  Venkat-Achanta
                  Achanta-Venkat
                  VAchanta
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
V Achanta







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.



















2013 Dallas CDO Executive Summit, June 7, 2013






 












 










EvantaCDOSummitsDallas
Event Archive
		
nov '17
may '15
jun '14
jun '13







Dallas
Dallas CDO Executive Summit


June 7, 2013
Dallas Marriott City Center







“ By taking on an industry-agnostic topic, the conference empowers local leaders with best practices and tools to make a relevant impact on their businesses.”
Lisa Schlosser, CTO
Thomson Reuters








 



Speakers




Venkat Achanta
VP, Enterprise Data Services, 		            	Capital One Financial Corporation


Venkat Achanta is vice president of enterprise data services for Capital One Financial Corporation. In this role, he is responsible for CDI infrastructure, enterprise statistical infrastructure, enterprise data warehouse, enterprise data distribution environment, horizontal data movement, and utilizing enterprise customer data in order to provide a 360-degree view. Prior to his role at Capital One, Achanta spent 10 years at Experian. 
He earned a B.S. in computer science and systems engineering from Andhra University, an MBA from UCLA Anderson School of Management, and an MBA in general management from the National University of Singapore.







Scott Albright
VP, Commercial & Corp. IT, 		            	Dr Pepper Snapple


Scott Albright is the vice president of commercial and Latin America beverages IT for Dr Pepper Snapple Group (DPS), where he supports warehouse/direct, national accounts, Latin America and beverage concentrates organizations, as well as marketing, research and development, and revenue and margin management practices. His group is responsible for determining IT strategy, delivery of new capabilities, and operations to grow sales and minimize costs.
Albright joined Cadbury Schweppes in 2004, prior to its spin-off of DPS, where he held multiple positions including global project director, program manager and project manager. In those roles, he oversaw as well as delivered multiple large-scale and global projects in the sales and finance functions. He also successfully led the Americas region in its first ever implementation utilizing a full offshore delivery team, which resulted in millions of dollars in savings. 
Albright holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration and a master’s degree in professional accounting, both from the University of Texas at Austin.







David Bernard
Global Innovation Strategy & Services Leader, 		            	PepsiCo


David Bernard, currently leads global innovation strategy and services for PepsiCo’s business and information solutions (BIS) function. The goal of the BIS innovation team is to deliver strategic new capabilities for PepsiCo, looking inside and outside the corporation for inspiration to drive new value for the company. 
Bernard brings with him 17 years experience working across PepsiCo, including CIO Canada, CIO UK and Ireland, CIO sales and marketing, and senior director IT strategy for Frito-Lay North America. Prior to his IT leadership roles, he played various business transformation, planning and finance leadership roles for PepsiCo across International and North American business teams. In addition to his work at PepsiCo, Bernard is a director at B.E.S.T. Investment, a technology-oriented venture capital firm in Toronto. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Bernard earned his CPA, CA designation working at Price Waterhouse leading consulting, audit and finance engagements. 
He holds an honors business administration degree from the University of Windsor and a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Western Ontario.







Dennis Brown
SVP & CMO, 		            	Interstate Batteries


Dennis Brown is senior vice president and chief marketing officer of Interstate Batteries, where he is responsible for developing international markets. Brown joined Interstate in 1991 as director of national account sales. Next, he served as vice president of national account sales and marketing led efforts to acquire Battery Patrol, which is Interstate All Battery today. Prior to Interstate Batteries, he worked at Johnson Controls, where he focused on original equipment batteries and gained experience in battery manufacturing, battery design, and battery quality standards and control.
Brown attended Wayne State University.







Diane Burley
Chief Content Strategist, 		            	MarkLogic


Diane Burley is the chief content strategist for MarkLogic Corporation, a Silicon Valley-based enterprise NoSQL database platform provider that enables organizations to turn all data into valuable and actionable information in order to impact top and bottom lines. An online pioneer and former internet executive at Gannett, Burley knows how to manage all aspects of information lifecycle management; from creation to multi-channel delivery, from iteration to monetization, and from reporting to analysis. A rare combination of technologist and marketer, she understands the challenges and benefits of integrating systems and technologies to leverage great content across all channels in order to attract, engage, retain and persuade audiences.







Suja Chandrasekaran
Officer, Enterprise Information, 		            	Walmart Stores, Inc.


Suja Chandrasekaran is a corporate officer at Walmart Stores Inc, where she leads all global data, intelligence and analytics assets across Walmart US, Sam’s Club and Walmart International. She leads the Big Data and advanced analytics vision, strategy and execution efforts for all of Walmart.
Most recently, Chandrasekaran was VP and global chief information officer for The Timberland Company, where she focused on retail and supply chain transformation initiatives. Prior, she was VP and chief technology officer, North America for PepsiCo. In this role, she led technology strategy and delivery for all PepsiCo North America business units, including Frito Lay, Pepsi Beverages, Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade and Pepsi Bottling.  Prior to PepsiCo, she served in various roles for Nestle over the course of 10 years. She was CIO of transformation, leading business transformation for global business excellence for Nestle Americas across all Nestle business units, markets, regions and operating companies.
Temple University’s Fox School of Business awarded her IT Leader of the Year in 2013 for her accomplishments in her career and for her global leadership as a Big Data practitioner in her role at Walmart.
Chandrasekaran has executive development education from London Business School, a masters degree in business systems from Monash University in Melbourne, Australia, and a bachelors degree in electrical engineering from the University of Madras,India.







John Choi
Director, Big Data Product Management & Strategy, 		            	IBM


John Choi is the IBM director for Big Data development where he is responsible for product direction and strategy for Big Data. Prior to this role, he held various product and portfolio management and strategy responsibilities in IBM, focusing on emerging technologies.
Choi received his bachelor’s degree and MBA from Yale University.







Darren Dayley
Vice President of IT Governance and Enterprise Services, 		            	GameStop Corporation


Darren Dayley serves as GameStop’s IT vice president of consumer platform and enterprise services. His responsibilities include IT delivery of the company’s consumer platform initiative which includes all IT aspects of the loyalty, CRM, business intelligence, data warehousing, analytics, downloadable content and core services layer. This is his second position with GameStop. Previously, he held the role of vice president of IT governance and enterprise services.
Dayley has worked in the technology field for more than 20 years. Prior to joining GameStop, he worked at Southwest Airlines for more than nine years in various IT leadership positions including vice president of the technology customer experience portfolio, senior director of e-customer technologies, director of reservations and ticketing systems, and director of data systems and architecture.







Jim Diamond
Managing Director, Operations Research & Advanced Analytics, 		            	American Airlines


Jim Diamond is managing director of operations research and advanced analytics at American Airlines. In this role he leads teams responsible for delivering analytical insights and developing decision support tools for various departments across the airline, from planning to operations. Prior to this role, he held various leadership positions at Sabre Holdings, the travel technology company.
Diamond received his B.S. degree from Cornell University and an M.S. and Ph.D. from Purdue University.







Robert Dietrich
Director, Digital Marketing, 		            	Williamson-Dickie Manufacturing Company


Robert Dietrich manages digital media for the Williamson-Dickie Manufacturing Company. In this role, he is responsible for consumer-facing digital programs, driving consumer demand through collaborations with major and strategic retail partners, and for leveraging online and multi-channel marketing, content, and emerging media and technology.
Prior to his role at Williamson-Dickie, Dietrich worked in account management, strategy and analysis at various digital agencies. He also served overseas in economic development roles for the U.S. Government.
Dietrich earned a B.S. from Texas Christian University.







Russell Douglas
Director, Enterprise Architecture & Business Intelligence, 		            	Aviall Services, Inc.


Russell Douglas currently serves as the director of enterprise architecture and business intelligence at Aviall Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Boeing Company. He is also serving as chief architect of Aviall’s SAP implementation.
After arriving at Aviall Services, Douglas implemented several innovations, including Aviall’s enterprise architecture process, project capitalization method and standardize software implementation approach. He also completed major SAN and server upgrades for the entire UNIX application infrastructure.
In 2005, Douglas co-lead an ERP upgrade project — the largest technology upgrade project in Aviall’s 75-year history. He has lectured on data migration, enterprise architecture, SaaS, performance management and storage implementation.
Douglas received a bachelor of science degree in information services from the University of Texas Arlington.







Bret Farrar
Founder, 		            	Sendero Business Services


Bret Farrar is the founding partner of Sendero Business Services, with responsibilities including business strategy, quality assurance, industry and technology trend forecasting, client satisfaction, business development, and building an extraordinary team. He has more than 25 years of experience in management consulting and IT and has worked in a variety of industries including telecommunications, mining, energy, transportation, utilities, health care, real estate and retail.
One of Farrar’s primary areas of focus and passion throughout his career has been around technology architectures. He spent several years in the technology and architecture groups of a big four consulting company. In his roles there and as a career consultant, he worked to define data architectures, application architectures, and technical architectures for a variety of clients. Through this work he has come to recognize the limitations associated with traditional relational database management systems, and is very excited about the possibilities associated with many of the technology architectures associated with processing Big Data.







Chris Garrick
Vice President, Global Innovation & Information Technology, 		            	CBRE


Chris Garrick is a vice president with CBRE, the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm. He leads their global IT strategy, enterprise architecture and innovation practices, and is the co-founder of CBRE Labs. Garrick has more than 20 years of operational and consulting experience, and has helped companies enable their strategic capabilities with technology.
He is a leader in understanding how technology trends shape the enterprise. He is an expert on topics such as innovation, strategy realization and value management. Prior to his current role, Garrick was a lead consultant with Booz & Company, where he was aligned with consumer, media and digital practice.
Garrick studied electrical engineering at the University of Massachusetts and earned an MBA at Southern Methodist University, where he graduated with distinction.







Eric Gordon
SVP & CIO, 		            	Michaels Stores, Inc.


Eric Gordon joined Michaels as senior vice president and CIO in 2011. 
Prior to joining Michaels, Gordon was the CIO of Collective Brands, Inc. a $3.4B multi-division global footwear and apparel company with more than 4,800 retail stores in 16 countries, and wholesale, digital commerce and franchise channels. He also served as vice president of business applications for Family Dollar Stores, Inc., a $6B discount retailer with more than 6,500 stores in 44 states. 
With more than 25 years of experience in the industry, Gordon has worked across the consumer supply chain from sourcing and manufacturing, to the wholesale, digital, and brick and mortar retail channels to align IT and business strategies, develop key business relationships, build high performance organizations, reduce costs and lead strategic transformational projects.







Michael Guillory
WW Corporate Brand Communications, 		            	Texas Instruments Incorporated


Michael Guillory leads worldwide corporate brand communications for Texas Instruments. His responsibilities span multiple marketing disciplines for North America, Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Japan, including brand materials and advertising, corporate messaging, events and tradeshows, and management of TI’s video studios in Dallas and California. Guillory has also directed marketing communications for TI’s DLP imaging technology division, which included global marketing initiatives for 3-D technology, solid-state illumination, Pico projection, digital cinema and automotive head-up displays, infotainment and gesture technologies. Additionally, Guillory has marketing experience in the software industry encompassing business and finance applications and speech recognition systems. 
Prior to Texas Instruments, Guillory directed brand and marketing teams at Philips Electronics and Sage Software. He is a frequent presenter for the American Marketing Association and numerous technology industry events and holds degrees in marketing from Oklahoma State University.







Shahran Haider
Director, Fraud Business Intelligence, 		            	OptumInsight


Shahran Haider is director of business intelligence for anti-fraud operations in the payment integrity division of OptumInsight, one of the leading healthcare analytics firms in the industry today. In his current role, he is responsible for devising and executing long-term roadmaps that address the business’s information needs for strategic decision making and improving operational efficiency. He brings 12 years of consulting and corporate leadership experience, helping Fortune 500 clients create high-performance process and technology solutions to solve their complex business problems.
Haider completed his MBA in finance with high distinction from the Cox School of Business at Southern Methodist University. He received his B.S. in computer information systems, operations management and business process management from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University.







Wes Hargrove
SVP & CIO, 		            	7-Eleven


Wes Hargrove is senior vice president and chief information officer for 7-Eleven, Inc. He is responsible for the company’s enterprise technology capabilities and the continuous improvement of the 7-Eleven retail information system, a key technology initiative to improve retail processes for the company’s stores in the United States and Canada.
Hargrove brings more than 30 years of experience with 7-Eleven and has an extensive background in 7-Eleven’s logistics, merchandising and operations divisions. His 7-Eleven career began as a management trainee, and he has held various positions including store manager, market manager, CDC operations manager, division logistics manager, senior product director of non-foods, senior director of merchandising business systems and vice president of logistics.
Hargrove has a bachelor of arts in business from Adams State College.







Alonzo Howell
Sr. Director, Business Intelligence & ERP, 		            	Southwest Airlines Co.


Alonzo Howell has more than 20 years of experience in various technology leadership roles within the transportation industry. During this tenure, he has worked with both rail companies and airlines, leading strategic initiatives including real-time operational systems, ERP implementations, and several enterprise data initiatives. 
In his current role as a senior director in Southwest Airlines' technology department, he is accountable for the technology related to ERP (SAP), business intelligence and corporate communications. He began his technology career as a consultant.







Rusty Kennington
Director, Global IT Commercial Processes, 		            	Commercial Metals Company


Rusty Kennington is a technology executive with a career spanning more than 25 years and multiple industries. He has worked for Fortune 100, Fortune 1000, public, private and start-up organizations. He has been responsible for global technology teams spanning North and South America, Europe and Asia, and spent many years as the executive in charge of advising senior business leaders, driving technology strategy and delivering solutions.
Kennington is currently responsible for global customer-facing, ecommerce, sales, marketing, logistics and analytics technology for an $8B global manufacturing company. In 2009 he was asked to lead a technology start-up company focused on providing top-tier hosted technology as a service for small to mid-sized companies. 
Previously, Kennington was vice president of enterprise IT for Brinker International, $4B owner of Chili’s, On The Border, Maggiano’s and Macaroni Grill. He also held leadership positions at Ernst and Young and MCI, and cofounded a successful software solution delivery company.
Kennington received his bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and completed the graduate finance program at Southern Methodist University.







Joseph Martin
Director, Solution Engineering, 		            	Sprint


Joseph Martin is director, solution engineering supporting Sprint sales and distribution. His team provides advanced solution engineering sales support for wireline and wireless products and services across all business sales channels and segments, including general business, mid-market, enterprise, public sector, federal, wholesale, and alternate channels for stand-alone and integrated solutions.
Martin has served in a director capacity selling or supporting the sale of business solutions within Sprint since 1993 in various pre-sales support functions including field sales management, sales overlays/specialist, and sales engineering. 
He has held all manner of director responsibilities for sales administration and sales enablement including tools, training, finance partners, event planning and compensation design. Martin has extensive experience in the “inter-connect” business, customer premise equipment, cable television consulting for municipal and county government. He started his career with the Department of Energy. 
He attended undergraduate school at Virginia Tech. He then attended graduate school at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.







Mike Olson
CEO and Founder, 		            	Cloudera, Inc.


Mike Olson is the CEO and founder of Cloudera, Inc. He previously served as CEO of Sleepycat Software, makers of Berkeley DB, the open source embedded database engine. He spent two years at Oracle Corporation as vice president for embedded technologies after Oracle’s acquisition of Sleepycat in 2006. Prior to joining Sleepycat, Olson held technical and business positions at database vendors Britton Lee, Illustra Information Technologies and Informix Software. Olson has a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley.







Matt Pfeil
VP, Customer Solutions & Co-Founder, 		            	DataStax


Matt Pfeil is vice president of customer solutions and co-founder at DataStax, the commercial leader in Apache Cassandra. Prior to DataStax, he built and managed the email and apps infrastructure development group at Rackspace. Prior to Rackspace, he served at Webmail.us where he worked in various management roles in infrastructure and scalability. He holds a bachelor of science in computer science from Virginia Tech.







Ashley Sheetz
CMO, VP Marketing and Strategy, 		            	GameStop Corporation


Ashley Sheetz serves as the CMO and VP of marketing and strategy for GameStop, the world’s largest multichannel video game retailer. In this role she oversees GameStop’s marketing and promotions functions and acts as a key stakeholder of the company’s long-term strategic planning group. Since joining GameStop in 2008, she has focused on delivering consumer-centric strategies for the organization, integrating new acquisitions, launching new product lines and store concepts, and driving integrated cross-channel marketing programs that promote GameStop’s unique value proposition.
Sheetz is a veteran of the marketing and advertising industry. During her nearly 20-year career, she has proven herself as a leader in the areas of strategic planning, consumer insights and brand management. She spent the first 12 years of her career at advertising agencies leading teams across multiple disciplines and categories. She has guided top consumer brands including American Airlines, Verizon, Omni Hotels, T.G.I.Friday’s, The Texas Lottery, Susan G. Komen, Earthgrains breads and Hershey’s milks.







Nancy Smith
CMO, 		            	7-Eleven


Nancy Smith is chief marketing officer for 7-Eleven, Inc. She is responsible for the overall development and execution of marketing initiatives for 7-Eleven products and services in the United States and Canada.
Previously, she was vice president of operations support where she was responsible for the close collaboration between field operations and store support center (headquarters) programs. Smith also served as the vice president for the Great Lakes division and led the integration of the White Hen Pantry company into 7-Eleven operations.
Prior to that, Smith served as vice president of field merchandising, directing the company’s sales and merchandising managers, merchandisers, logistics managers and the quality assurance group.
She began her career with 7-Eleven in 1984 as an area sales manager. From there, she advanced into roles of increasing responsibility in merchandising, operations and marketing. She has served as category manager, national POP manager, director of advertising and promotions, vice president of marketing and communications and vice president of marketing.
Smith holds a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Oklahoma State University and an executive MBA from Southern Methodist University.







Paul Sonderegger
Big Data Strategist, 		            	Oracle


Paul Sonderegger is Oracle's Big Data strategist. Prior to joining Oracle, he was chief strategist at Endeca, a discovery analytics company. Before Endeca, he was a principal analyst at Forrester Research, specializing in search and user experience design. He has a B.A. from Wake Forest University.







Eldon Specht
General Director, 		            	Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation


Eldon Specht is responsible for enterprise security, architecture and information management at BNSF. He began his career in the railroad industry with the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway in 1979 as a programmer. Specht spent much of his career in applications development, working with applications that support freight accounting, revenue accounting, time keeping, marketing and sales, intermodal operations, transportation, train dispatching, service scheduling, EDI, CRM and a variety of web applications. He moved into an infrastructure role in 2011.
Specht earned a bachelor of arts degree in mathematics from Washburn University.







Robert Taylor
SVP, IT, 		            	Fluor Corporation


As senior vice president of information services at Fluor Corporation, Robert Taylor is responsible for the company’s global IT operations, technical and business integration services.
At Fluor Corporation, Taylor has served in a variety of IT management positions including director of applications management services, director of IT strategy, and technical director for Fluor’s ERP implementation. Taylor joined Fluor Corporation in 1992 and has more than 20 years of experience in computing and automation. Prior to joining Fluor he held various structural engineering and design positions in Australia.







Daniel Wu
Executive Director, 		            	Hewlett-Packard Company


Daniel Wu leads the Big Data solution and delivery strategy within HP, covering services through the various pertinent hardware and software product set. Additionally, he works closely with key customers to chart out not only their implementation strategy but also their strategic deployments. Wu works with top leadership to strategize key product and service creation and engineering to ensure their quality, marketability and scalability.
Prior to joining HP, Wu served as a practice managing partner with Accenture Technology Consulting and as a partner with Deloitte Consulting.











Venkat Achanta
VP, Enterprise Data Services
Capital One Financial Corporation






Scott Albright
VP, Commercial & Corp. IT
Dr Pepper Snapple






David Bernard
Global Innovation Strategy & Services Leader
PepsiCo






Dennis Brown
SVP & CMO
Interstate Batteries






Diane Burley
Chief Content Strategist
MarkLogic






Suja Chandrasekaran
Officer, Enterprise Information
Walmart Stores, Inc.






John Choi
Director, Big Data Product Management & Strategy
IBM






Darren Dayley
Vice President of IT Governance and Enterprise Services
GameStop Corporation






Jim Diamond
Managing Director, Operations Research & Advanced Analytics
American Airlines






Robert Dietrich
Director, Digital Marketing
Williamson-Dickie Manufacturing Company






Russell Douglas
Director, Enterprise Architecture & Business Intelligence
Aviall Services, Inc.






Bret Farrar
Founder
Sendero Business Services






Chris Garrick
Vice President, Global Innovation & Information Technology
CBRE






Eric Gordon
SVP & CIO
Michaels Stores, Inc.






Michael Guillory
WW Corporate Brand Communications
Texas Instruments Incorporated






Shahran Haider
Director, Fraud Business Intelligence
OptumInsight






Wes Hargrove
SVP & CIO
7-Eleven






Alonzo Howell
Sr. Director, Business Intelligence & ERP
Southwest Airlines Co.






Rusty Kennington
Director, Global IT Commercial Processes
Commercial Metals Company






Joseph Martin
Director, Solution Engineering
Sprint






Mike Olson
CEO and Founder
Cloudera, Inc.






Matt Pfeil
VP, Customer Solutions & Co-Founder
DataStax






Ashley Sheetz
CMO, VP Marketing and Strategy
GameStop Corporation






Nancy Smith
CMO
7-Eleven






Paul Sonderegger
Big Data Strategist
Oracle






Eldon Specht
General Director
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation






Robert Taylor
SVP, IT
Fluor Corporation






Daniel Wu
Executive Director
Hewlett-Packard Company













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















 






















Dr. Venkata Achanta, MD | Houston, TX | Internist























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. Venkata Achanta MD


phone number
read reviews






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. Venkata Achanta
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT























Dr. Venkata Achanta MD 







Internal Medicine Houston, TX



read reviews
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. Venkata Achanta xhas an overall rating of 4.0.







4.0
 








8 patient ratings3 comments





Have you seen Dr. Venkata Achanta before? 



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. Venkata Achanta, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Houston, TX, with other offices in Port Arthur, TX and Port Arthur, TX. She has 17 years of experience. Her specialties include Internal Medicine and Hospitalist.                    Dr. Achanta is affiliated with                            UTMB Galveston (John Sealy),                            CHRISTUS St. Elizabeth Hospital and                            Christus Hospital - St. Mary.
                 She speaks English.



                            1
                        

Award



                              Patients rate and review their physicians based on criteria of care including bedside manner, doctor-patient face time, and degree of follow-up. Patients also provide their doctor with an overall ratings. Vitals analyzes these ratings annually, along with other quality measures, to identify and award the top physicians.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            2
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. Venkata Achanta has the following 7 areas of expertise,  2 specialties and 1 board certification.                     


                                2
                            

Specialties

                                    For the best health care, select a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.
                                
View all






                                7
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all






                                1
                            

Board Certification

                                  See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






COPD


Get the facts about chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including symptoms and complications.

view care guide





more health guides


Birth Control
Type 2 Diabetes
Flu
GERD
Lupus
Diabetic Macular Edema
Menopause
Ulcerative Colitis








Locations & Directions











Howard L Schreiber MD
12000 Richmond Ave
Houston, TX 77082

Phone Number
Get Directions















3600 Gates Blvd
Port Arthur, TX 77642

Get Directions















2001 Ninth Avenue Prt
Port Arthur, TX 77640

Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. Venkata Achanta, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Houston, TX.






Dr. Sippi Khurana 



Houston, TX


4.3 








11 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Tanveer Syed 



Houston, TX


3.5 








22 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Fatima Jaffer 



Houston, TX


3.4 








35 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Dr. Venkata Achanta
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find an Internist
>            
TX
>            
Houston Internists
>            Dr. Venkata Achanta, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT





















