


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart






































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 







































Acrospire




































Acrospire Investment Management LLC/USA: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























acrospire investment management llc/usa
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Acrospire Investment Management LLC of the United States of America operates as an investment advisor company. The Company serves customers in the State of Illinois.




Corporate Information
Address:

181 West Madison Street
Suite 4450
Chicago, IL 60602
United States


Phone:
1-312-667-0857


Fax:
1-312-667-0747























From The Web











Key Executives


Boris Krupa


CEO/Chief Invsmt Ofcr/Founder




Joseph Anthony Canepari


President/COO




Milton Kellogg Buckingham


Chief Compliance Ofcr/Gen Cnsl




Thomas Kirkpatrick


Dir:Bus Development




Laura Frances Garofola


Controller







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































﻿
































Ball Corporation (BLL) and Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl (NYSE:MPSX) Financial Contrast - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl Ltd
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl Ltd with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

W.H. Ireland Group plc (LON:WHI) to Release Earnings on Monday
Colefax Group Plc (CFX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday
$0.11 EPS Expected for Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) This Quarter
Analysts Set Publicis Groupe SA (PUBGY) Price Target at $21.00
Zacks: Brokerages Expect Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $13.63 Million
The Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:TBBK) Receives $7.42 Consensus Target Price from Analysts
Brokerages Set Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Price Target at $12.38
Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
Zacks: CIM Commercial Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCT) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts
Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (TNDM) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Analyzing Johnson Outdoors (JOUT) and Callaway Golf (NYSE:ELY)
Broadcom (NASDAQ:BRCM) & Jabil Circuit (JBL) Financial Review
Westlake Chemical Partners (WLKP) and Eastman Chemical (EMN) Critical Analysis
Zacks: Analysts Expect INC Research Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:INCR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $257.67 Million
SunPower Corporation (SPWR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Analysts Set F.N.B. Corporation (FNB) Price Target at $17.94
Brokerages Set Foundation Building Materials, Inc. (FBM) Price Target at $19.86
Brokerages Set Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (BHGE) Target Price at $48.33
Mack Cali Realty Corp (NYSE:CLI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
iPass Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAS) Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts




 


Ball Corporation (BLL) and Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl (NYSE:MPSX) Financial Contrast

					Posted by Michael Walen on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 




Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl (NYSE: MPSX) and Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) are both basic materials companies, but which is the better stock? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends, analyst recommendations, earnings, profitabiliy, valuation, institutional ownership and risk. 
Analyst Recommendations


 Get Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl Ltd alerts:



This is a breakdown of current ratings and target prices for Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl and Ball Corporation, as provided by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl
0
4
1
0
2.20


Ball Corporation
0
6
5
0
2.45






Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl presently has a consensus target price of $17.00, indicating a potential downside of 5.56%. Ball Corporation has a consensus target price of $43.44, indicating a potential upside of 1.22%. Given Ball Corporation’s stronger consensus rating and  higher possible upside, analysts plainly believe Ball Corporation is more favorable than Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl.
Volatility and Risk
Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl has a beta of 1.83, meaning that its share price is 83% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Ball Corporation has a beta of 0.96, meaning that its share price is 4% less volatile than the S&P 500. 
Insider & Institutional Ownership
99.2% of Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 43.6% of Ball Corporation shares are owned by institutional investors. 0.9% of Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl shares are owned by company insiders. Comparatively, 2.7% of Ball Corporation shares are owned by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, large money managers and endowments believe a stock is poised for long-term growth.
Dividends
Ball Corporation pays an annual dividend of $0.40 per share and has a dividend yield of 0.9%. Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl does not pay a dividend. Ball Corporation pays out 26.7% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. 
Earnings and Valuation
This table compares Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl and Ball Corporation’s gross revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl
N/A
N/A
N/A
$0.12
150.01


Ball Corporation
$9.78 billion
1.54
$1.46 billion
$1.50
28.61


Ball Corporation has higher revenue and earnings than Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl. Ball Corporation is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Profitability
This table compares Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl and Ball Corporation’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl
2.69%
10.01%
2.48%


Ball Corporation
4.59%
16.46%
3.28%


Summary
Ball Corporation beats Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl on 10 of the 13 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl
Multi Packaging Solutions International Limited is a provider of specialty packaging solutions for the consumer, healthcare and multi-media markets. The Company operates through three segments: North America, Europe and Asia. The Company’s print-based specialty packaging solutions include premium folding cartons, inserts, labels and rigid packaging across a range of substrates and finishes, which are complemented by value-added services, including design, new product development and supply chain solutions. In addition, the Company provides supply chain services, such as vendor managed inventory (VMI), specific carton-by-carton scan ability and data, which enable the customer to track a product from manufacturer to end user. The Company’s packaging solutions utilize a range of substrates, including paper and paperboard, pressure sensitive labels, plastic and foil, and finishes, including ultra violet (UV) coatings, film lamination, stamping and embossing.
About Ball Corporation
Ball Corporation is a supplier of metal packaging to the beverage, food, personal care and household products industries. The Company’s packaging products are produced for a range of end uses and are manufactured in facilities around the world. Its segments include beverage packaging, North and Central America; beverage packaging, South America; beverage packaging, Europe; food and aerosol packaging; aerospace, and other. Its major product line is aluminum and steel beverage containers. It produces steel food, aerosol and extruded aluminum aerosol containers and aluminum slugs. Its aerospace business designs, develops and manufactures aerospace systems for civil, commercial and national cyber security aerospace markets. It produces spacecraft, instruments and sensors, radio frequency systems and components, data exploitation solutions and a range of aerospace technologies and products.






Receive News & Ratings for Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website



































































Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCCI) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Heritage-Crystal Clean Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Heritage-Crystal Clean Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Twilio Inc. (TWLO) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					

Southern Company (The)’s (SO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC					

HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. (HTGM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCCI) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus					

Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Rating Increased to Buy at Longbow Research					

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades RSP Permian, Inc. (NYSE:RSPP) to Sell					

Intevac, Inc. (NASDAQ:IVAC) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold					

JetPay Corporation (JTPY) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research					

Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Coverage Initiated at Canaccord Genuity					

SM Energy Company (SM) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Cowen and Company Reiterates Hold Rating for Signet Jewelers Limited (SIG)					

Safe Bulkers, Inc (NYSE:SB) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Eastern Virginia Bankshares (EVBS) Share Price					

Jack In The Box Inc. (NASDAQ:JACK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Morgan Stanley Reiterates “$210.00” Price Target for Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX)					

Summit Midstream Partners, LP (SMLP) Lowered to “Underweight” at Barclays PLC					

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Earns “Buy” Rating from UBS AG					

Rexnord Corporation (RXN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

MKM Partners Reaffirms Buy Rating for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC)					

FY2018 EPS Estimates for Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Reduced by Analyst					





 





						Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCCI) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance 







Tweet










Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCCI)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities researchers at Stifel Nicolaus in a report issued on Wednesday. They presently have a $20.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock. Stifel Nicolaus’ target price would indicate a potential upside of 24.22% from the stock’s current price.
Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Heritage-Crystal Clean from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. TheStreet raised shares of Heritage-Crystal Clean from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued  a buy rating to the company. Heritage-Crystal Clean presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $17.88.
Shares of Heritage-Crystal Clean (NASDAQ HCCI) traded up 0.31% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $16.15. 40,279 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $15.56 and a 200-day moving average price of $15.00. The stock has a market cap of $363.81 million, a P/E ratio of 29.47 and a beta of 2.07. Heritage-Crystal Clean has a 1-year low of $11.85 and a 1-year high of $16.75. 




TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first  published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/21/heritage-crystal-clean-inc-nasdaqhcci-rating-reiterated-by-stifel-nicolaus.html. 
In other Heritage-Crystal Clean news, VP John Lucks sold 6,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.70, for a total value of $95,550.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 37,755 shares in the company, valued at $554,998.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, COO Gregory Ray sold 4,776 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.57, for a total transaction of $74,362.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 169,465 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,638,570.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 55,935 shares of company stock valued at $841,591. Corporate insiders own  14.80% of the company’s stock. 
Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. American International Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Heritage-Crystal Clean by 7.0% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 7,852 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 513 shares during the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in  Heritage-Crystal Clean by 0.8% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 10,452 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter.  Trexquant Investment LP bought a new stake in  Heritage-Crystal Clean during the first quarter valued at approximately $149,000.  Eqis Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in  Heritage-Crystal Clean during the second quarter valued at approximately $191,000.  Finally, Allianz Asset Management AG bought a new stake in  Heritage-Crystal Clean during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $206,000. Institutional investors own  53.40% of the company’s stock. 
Heritage-Crystal Clean Company Profile
Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc provides full-service parts cleaning, containerized waste management, used oil collection, vacuum truck services and antifreeze recycling. The Company owns and operates a used oil re-refinery. The Company operates through two segments: Environmental Services and Oil Business.





Receive News & Ratings for Heritage-Crystal Clean Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Heritage-Crystal Clean Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 





























































Acrospire Investment Management LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Acrospire Investment Management LLC



Overview
Executives & Employees Paths
Advisors & Consultants Holdings & Top Positions



Acrospire Investment Management LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2013




Headquarters


181 West Madison Street, Suite 4450, Chicago, IL 60602-4565




Employees (Worldwide)


10




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Acrospire Investment Management LLC, part of Acrospire Financial Holdings LLC, is an American company located in Chicago, IL. The firm provides investment advice. It was founded in 2013 by Boris Krupa, who has been the CEO since the inception date.





 Executives & Employees



Boris Krupa

Chief Executive Officer & Chief Investment Officer




Joseph Canepari

President & Chief Operating Officer





Milton Kellogg Buckingham

General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer




Laura Frances Garofola

Controller





Kenneth Seong Koh

Director of Finance & Controller




Robert Rotella

Principal





Mariya Pylypiv

Senior Research Analyst






 Paths to Acrospire Investment Management LLC



                        Acrospire Investment Management LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Acrospire Investment Management LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Acrospire Investment Management LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Advisors & Consultants



Companies ▾




Custodian




Deutsche Bank AG


                                    Deutsche Bank AG engages in the provision of corporate banking and investment services. It operates through the following segments: Global Markets (GM); Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB); Private, Wealth, and Commercial Clients (PW&CC); Deutsche Asset Management (Deutsche AM); Postbank (PB); and Non-Core Operations Unit (NCOU). The GM segment includes the sales and trading related activities of the former Corporate Banking and Securities segment. The CIB segment comprises of  the combined corporate business components of the Corporate Banking and Securities and Global Transaction Banking businesses. The PW&CC segment covers German and International Private and Commercial Clients businesses. The Deutsche AM segment contains the asset management activities. The PB segment reflects the core components and non-core components of Postbank. The NCOU segment no longer contains the aforementioned non-core components related to Postbank. The company was founded by Adelbert Delbrueck on March 10, 1870 and is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.                                




Auditor




Deloitte & Touche LLP


                                    Deloitte & Touche LLP offers auditing and consulting services. It also provides accounting, financial advisory, risk management, and tax services. The company engages in international financial reporting, assurance, advisory, tax auditing, corporate governance, risk consulting, advisory services, mergers and acquisitions, government compliance, and human capital consulting services. The company was founded on May 6, 1997 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                                




Custodian




Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


                                    Founded in 1969, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is an SEC-registered broker/dealer headquartered in New York City. The firm is the primary broker subsidiary of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS). They are a member of FINRA. Morgan Stanley & Co. provides debt and equity services including underwriting, M&A advice, securities dealing and brokerage and trade execution. Their client base ranges from large global institutional investors to hedge funds at the cutting edge of innovation in the industry.The firm's Sales & Trading division offers cash and electronic trading platforms where Morgan Stanley acts as principal (including as a market maker) and agent in executing transactions globally in equity and equity-related products. These products include equity swaps, options, warrants and futures overlying individual securities, indices and baskets of securities and other equity-related products. Morgan Stanley's Institutional Equity division is a global leader in the origination, distribution and trading of equity, equity-linked and equity-derivative securities. Their Fixed Income team deals in a diverse range of products including interest rate and currency products, credit products, derivatives and commodities.                                




Custodian




JPMorgan Chase Bank NA


                                    JPMorgan Chase Bank NA, part of JPMorgan Chase & Co., is an American company located in New York, NY, that provides commercial banking services.                                





 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Acrospire Investment Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Acrospire Investment Management LLC


Acrospire Investment Management LLC
(CRD# 168755) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Chicago, IL.
They
manage $431,968,000 in 3 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Acrospire Investment Management LLC




181 West Madison Street, Suite 4450,
Chicago,
IL
60602
312-667-0750









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

432
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

3
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$143,989,333







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




IL, WA






Financial Advisors at Acrospire Investment Management LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














﻿





























TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Sells 68,720 Shares of Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Avon Products Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Avon Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Sells 68,720 Shares of Avon Products, Inc. (AVP)
Wellington Management Group LLP Maintains Stake in American Public Education, Inc. (APEI)
Wellington Management Group LLP Has $1.74 Million Position in Voyager Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VYGR)
Celanese Corporation (NYSE:CE) to Buyback $1.50 billion in  Outstanding Stock
FibroGen (FGEN) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
Analyzing Travelzoo (TZOO) and Ctrip.com International (CTRP)
TE Connectivity (TEL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds
Kayne Anderson Energy Development (KED) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.08
Analyzing Comp En De Mn Cemig ADS (CIG) and Vivint Solar (VSLR)
Contrasting Tactile Systems Technology (TCMD) and Penumbra (PEN)
Financial Analysis: XL Group (NYSE:XL) versus Atlas Financial Holdings (AFH)
$45.83 Million in Sales Expected for Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) This Quarter
Harte-Hanks (HHS) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
HealthEquity (HQY) Receives News Impact Score of 0.11
Match Group (MTCH) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.11
Heritage Insurance Holdings (HRTG) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Purchases 124,329 Shares of Asbury Automotive Group Inc (NYSE:ABG)
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Has $133,000 Position in Alleghany Corporation (NYSE:Y)
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Has $130,000 Position in RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:RNR)
Archford Capital Strategies LLC Boosts Position in Devon Energy Corporation (NYSE:DVN)







TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Sells 68,720 Shares of Avon Products, Inc. (AVP)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments




TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC reduced its stake in  Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) by 5.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1,226,220 shares of the company’s stock after selling 68,720 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Avon Products were worth $5,395,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Avon Products by 1.2% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 2,300,063 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,120,000 after buying an additional 26,535 shares in the last quarter.  Advantus Capital Management Inc increased its stake in  Avon Products by 3.1% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 56,080 shares of the company’s stock valued at $247,000 after buying an additional 1,704 shares in the last quarter.  FMR LLC increased its stake in  Avon Products by 881.2% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 9,318,749 shares of the company’s stock valued at $41,003,000 after buying an additional 8,369,024 shares in the last quarter.  Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in  Avon Products by 1.8% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,771,098 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,793,000 after buying an additional 30,700 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Ruffer LLP acquired a new stake in  Avon Products during the first quarter valued at $218,000. 86.90% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Avon Products Inc. alerts:



Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE AVP) opened at 3.58 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is $1.57 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $3.60 and its 200 day moving average is $4.38. Avon Products, Inc. has a 52 week low of $3.24 and a 52 week high of $6.96. 





Avon Products (NYSE:AVP) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.07) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.01 by $0.08. Avon Products had a negative return on equity of 3.68% and a net margin of 0.26%. The firm had revenue of $1.33 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.33 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.07) earnings per share. Avon Products’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.0% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Avon Products, Inc. will post $0.22 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/19/tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc-sells-68720-shares-of-avon-products-inc-avp.html. 
Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. DA Davidson assumed coverage on shares of Avon Products in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $4.25 price target for the company. ValuEngine downgraded shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $4.00 price target on shares of Avon Products in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating and two have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $5.54.
Avon Products Company Profile
Avon Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. The Company’s segments include Europe, Middle East & Africa; South Latin America; North Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Its product categories are Beauty, and Fashion and Home. Beauty consists of skincare (which includes personal care), fragrance and color (cosmetics).







Receive News & Ratings for Avon Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avon Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿





























VAN BERKOM & ASSOCIATES INC.
				
			 Has Stake in DXP Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXPE) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for DXP Enterprises Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor DXP Enterprises Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

VAN BERKOM & ASSOCIATES INC.
				
			 Has Stake in DXP Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXPE)
Tredje AP fonden Sells 21,855 Shares of Raytheon Company (RTN)
Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) Shares Sold by Neuberger Berman Group LLC
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) Shares Bought by DnB Asset Management AS
Cambridge Trust Co. Acquires Shares of 2,701 Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)
Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Shares Bought by British Columbia Investment Management Corp
BidaskClub Downgrades Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMS) to Sell
Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Acquires Shares of 11,940 Townsquare Media, Inc. (NYSE:TSQ)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Cobalt International Energy, Inc. Lowered by Capital One Financial Corporation (CIE)
Prudential Financial Inc. Acquires 46,770 Shares of DCT Industrial Trust Inc (NYSE:DCT)
Kinder Morgan, Inc. (NYSE:KMI) Shares Sold by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc.
Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
31,419 Shares in KCG Holdings, Inc. (KCG) Acquired by SG Americas Securities LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC Increases Stake in LivaNova PLC (LIVN)
Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Takes Position in GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)
Capital Management Corp VA Increases Stake in Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX)
Asset Dedication LLC Has $817,000 Stake in Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT)
Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) Stake Boosted by Advisors Capital Management LLC
Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Upgraded to “Buy” by Rosenblatt Securities
Dougherty & Co Comments on Netflix, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:NFLX)







VAN BERKOM & ASSOCIATES INC.
				
			 Has Stake in DXP Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXPE)


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments





					VAN BERKOM & ASSOCIATES INC.


 Get DXP Enterprises Inc. alerts:



			 recently revealed that they own 4.9% of DXP Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXPE) in a Form 13G disclosure that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Wednesday, July 19th. The investor owns 844,994 shares of the stock worth approximately  $29,464,941. The filing is available through Edgar at this hyperlink. 





					VAN BERKOM & ASSOCIATES INC.
			 provided the following explanation of their ownership: 

Warning:  file_get_contents(): php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/acctmp/public_html/download.php on line 6
Warning:  file_get_contents(https://whalewisdom.com
            844,994
          ): failed to open stream: php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/acctmp/public_html/download.php on line 6

A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of DXPE. Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  DXP Enterprises during the first quarter worth $102,000.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in shares of  DXP Enterprises by 78.9% in the second quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 3,059 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 1,349 shares in the last quarter.  Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its stake in shares of  DXP Enterprises by 3.8% in the first quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,530 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $134,000 after buying an additional 130 shares in the last quarter.  Mason Street Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of  DXP Enterprises by 7.0% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 3,608 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $137,000 after buying an additional 236 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  DXP Enterprises during the first quarter worth $201,000. 73.88% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Shares of DXP Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ DXPE) traded up 1.60% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $34.87. 129,032 shares of the stock were exchanged. DXP Enterprises, Inc. has a 12 month low of $14.87 and a 12 month high of $42.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $35.32 and its 200-day moving average is $35.90. The stock has a market cap of $607.33 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 36.90 and a beta of 2.67. 
DXP Enterprises (NASDAQ:DXPE) last issued its earnings results on Monday, May 15th. The industrial products company reported $0.17 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.14. DXP Enterprises had a net margin of 1.68% and a return on equity of 7.00%. The firm had revenue of $238.50 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $230.04 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($0.35) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 6.0% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts predict that  DXP Enterprises, Inc. will post $0.85 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/19/van-berkom-associates-inc-has-stake-in-dxp-enterprises-inc-nasdaqdxpe.html. 
DXPE has been the subject of a number of research reports. Sidoti upgraded shares of DXP Enterprises from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of DXP Enterprises from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of DXP Enterprises in a research report on Friday, March 24th. BidaskClub raised shares of DXP Enterprises from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, KeyCorp  reissued a “sector weight” rating on shares of DXP Enterprises in a research report on Friday, May 26th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $41.50.
In other DXP Enterprises news, VP David C. Vinson sold 3,000 shares of DXP Enterprises stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.12, for a total value of $117,360.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 6,681 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $261,360.72. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Kent Nee Hung Yee sold 4,000 shares of DXP Enterprises stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.63, for a total transaction of $150,520.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 40,278 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,515,661.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 9.60% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About DXP Enterprises
DXP Enterprises, Inc (DXP) is engaged in the business of distributing maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) products, equipment and service to industrial customers. The Company operates through three segments: Service Centers, Supply Chain Services and Innovative Pumping Solutions. The Service Centers segment provides MRO products, equipment and services, including technical expertise and logistics capabilities to industrial customers.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DXPE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for DXP Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXPE).







Receive News & Ratings for DXP Enterprises Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DXP Enterprises Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 

















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   






	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































