


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Email Marketing - Marketing Automation - Small Business CRM





















































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free









Choose from over 20 start triggers and pinpoint exactly when your automation will start. Configure actions and something something something I ran out of ideas.










Visually see exactly how your automation is structured using our unique workflow manager. Add actions exactly where you need them without needing to know where it will be triggered down the chain.










Add conditions that visually make sense and be able to identify where your contacts end up. Set goals for contacts that trigger when a specific condition is met or set a contact to wait until more conditions are met.










Finally, marketing automation that's powerful and easy-to-use.



Did you mean ?























Marketing automation that listens and learns
Discover what each contact wants and deliver the most effective message to convert them from visitors, to leads, to customers, to advocates.
Learn More




Add Triggers to Initiate Your Workflow








Add Actions Exactly Where You Want Them








Visually Organize Actions Based On Conditions
























A sales CRM that reveals customer insight
Your valuable customer data will be organized and actionable. Automatically consolidate your communication and use sales automation to drive deals forward.
Learn More











Email marketing and beyond — with intelligence
As you learn about a contact, you can send personalized messages that align perfectly with their interests — whether they're on your website, browsing their inbox, or out-and-about on a mobile device.





Email Marketing



Site Messaging



SMS












Email Marketing

Send beautiful emails

Use our drag-and-drop campaign builder to design eye-catching campaigns. Personalize your message to engage your contacts and convert more customers.


Learn more about Email Marketing
















Site Messaging

On site engagement

Send personalized prompts to your website visitors as they browse your site. Trigger these messages to appear in response to their behavior to reinforce calls to action.


Learn more about Site Messaging





















SMS

Reach them on the go

SMS messages allow you to engage your contacts on their phone. No matter where they are, you'll be able to deliver personalized prompts and reminders.


Learn more about SMS






















Data-backed decisions made easy
All your customer data will be consolidated and organized so you have a complete picture of your customers and business. You’ll be able to gain the insight you need to drive your company forward.
Learn More








Use Goals to Measure & Optimize
Create custom goals to calculate the effectiveness of your growth processes and improve them over time.







Consolidate Data Into a Single Source
Bring third-party data in, organize it, and leverage it to personalize your marketing & sales processes. 







Reveal Insight With Detailed Reports
See exactly what is and isn't working. Dig into your data to pinpoint opportunities for growth.















Create the perfect marketing stack
We integrate with hundreds of the most popular apps so you'll be able to create a custom stack of best-of-breed solutions with the functionality you need to power your company. 
Learn More










































The tools and resources you need to succeed
Extend functionality with integrated add-ons and get in-depth training and support as needed. You'll always have what you need to move your business forward. 




Build, Extend, and Track








Site & Event Tracking
Capture web browsing data for each contact and create custom events to track key behavior.
Learn More







The Chrome Extension
Work out of your Gmail account and manage your contacts anywhere online. 
Learn More







Integrated Form Builder
Create four high-converting form types and use them to trigger your marketing and sales automation. 
Learn More







Learn, Create and Grow








In-Depth Training & Support
When you become an ActiveCampaign customer, you're getting access to an ecosystem of resources.
Learn More







Migration Services
Our free Expert Migration Service makes switching easy. Our experts will move your data for you.
Learn More







Collaborative Community
Connect and collaborate with other ActiveCampaign users on our forums, Facebook, and Slack.
Learn More









Helping thousands of businesses grow
Learn how customers save time and grow their businesses with marketing automation. 










My Green Fills Story


"ActiveCampaign enables marketers to engage with their audience in creative and exciting ways. When we first launched MyGreenFills.com, I had no idea of how to market online. Kelly, our account rep, walked side by side with us."












Scott's Cheap Flights Story


"Scott's Cheap Flights would be a shell of the business it is today without ActiveCampaign. With an email list hundreds of thousands strong, a powerful and dependable email client is essential for us to run our business."












Teton Sports Story


"ActiveCampaign is a great scalable CRM. I love how I have more control with my email and how wicked simple it is to use. I'd recommend ActiveCampaign to people who want to scale their email marketing efforts without the hefty price tags of other email or CRM platforms."







More Stories 





 





 





 






Get started now
14-day free trial. No credit card required. Instant set up.




Did you mean ?




















One moment while we create your account...























Email Marketing Service - Autoresponders






































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free







Features 


Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
CRM & Sales 



Email marketing and newslettersSend newsletters, campaign followups, and individual emails.







Drag & Drop Interface





Mobile Friendly





Free Templates





Free Image Hosting










Your browser does not support the video tag.




 




Manage and grow your contacts
Gather all of your contacts into a single platform.



Import your existing contacts from a file or another service. Use our contact ​management features to find and work on your contacts.
View the full history of a contact (from all your marketing and sales channels) on a single screen.




 
































































































































































Data driven segmentation
Segment your contacts by their contact data, campaign interactions, activity on your site, interests/social data, and much more. Use segments to explore contacts, send targeted campaigns, and affect automations.







Subscription forms
Add our subscription forms to your web site to allow your visitors to receive your campaigns.

 




Extensive contact data
From just an email address, we can fetch a contact's age, gender, location, interests, social profiles, and more.





 




Intelligent behavioral based emails
Think of an auto responder, but one hundred times better.



Create automations (sequences of actions and/or emails) based on contact & behavioral data. Trigger follow up emails based on contacts' actions, interests, or behaviors on your site.
Learn More →




 













Split testing
Test different subject lines & email content to see what gives you the most opens, clicks, and highest ROI.
Learn More →

 




Dynamic content
Add content from your eCommerce platform, embed RSS based data within an email, or add conditional content.
Learn More →





 




Real-time insights into your campaigns and contacts
Monitor campaign interactions, reactions, contact trends, and more.



Dig into a wealth of reporting options. Keep an eye on specific campaigns, on-going trends, real-time activity streams, and more.
We take the mass amount of interaction, behavioral, and contact based data and make it actionable for you.




 































































GEO Tracking
See where contacts interact with your campaign with our live geo-location tracking system. Determine where contacts live (and visit) and use that data for segmentation.






 








Complete personalization
Personalize your campaign with your contacts data. Create conditional content within your emails and embed external data based on your contacts preferences.

 




Custom data fields
Create custom fields to store any type of contact data such as drop downs, text fields, radio buttons, and more. Personalize campaigns or segment your sending based on this data.







Full creative control
If you want ultimate control over your email you have full source editing to modify the HTML and CSS.

 




SMS/Text messaging
Send SMS follow ups to your contacts. Track the interactions/responses to your SMS campaigns.







Hundreds of Integrations
Integrate with Wordpress, ecommerce platforms, CRMs, accounting systems, webinars, payment systems, and more.

 




Campaign Archive
Maintain a public archive of all the past mailings. Let visitors view past mailings, subscribe to lists, and more. 







Real-time spam prevention
We constantly analyze all of our users in real time based on hundreds of factors. Keeping poor senders out ensures top deliverability. We despise spam.

 




Managed deliverability
From authentication to ISP relations, we manage it all. We stay on top of any issues and focus on preemptive actions to ensure emails are delivered. 







 

See how Scott's Cheap Flights uses ActiveCampaign's email marketing to engage customers

 


 








Scott's Cheap Flights Story


"Scott's Cheap Flights would be a shell of the business it is today without ActiveCampaign. With an email list hundreds of thousands strong, a powerful and dependable email client is essential for us to run our business."






 



More Stories 





 








Ready to start marketing your business?
Try it for free today. No credit card needed.


Sign Up Free























Small Business CRM + Deals + Contact Management. Built-in sales automation





































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free







Features 


Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
CRM & Sales 



A CRM designed for real peopleSeamless integration with your personal email, marketing, and automations.





Your browser does not support the video tag.




 




Complete sales automation
Automatically nurture, advance, and close on deals.



Assist your sales reps with automated actions based on your contacts' emails, actions, time within deals and stages, website browsing history, and more. Manual actions are assisted via automation features to ensure you can do more with your time. This provides the perfect blend of automation & personalized human touch to your deals.




 


































































Setup custom sales processes
Craft your own sales process combining automated and manual touches to provide the best sales experience possible while saving your agents time.
Use intelligent behavior based logic to nurture leads. Have agents reach out manually when the contact is ready.
Learn More →






 





Manage and grow your list of contacts
Spend less time keeping up with your contacts actions and needs.



Manage your existing and future contacts with ease. With powerful searching and filtering options you can drill down to specific groups of contacts and view the entire history of a specific contact.




 















































































Contact and lead scoring
Not every contact and sales opportunity is equal. Use contact data such as their details, interactions, behaviors, interests, and more to ensure you are pursuing the top opportunities first.
Learn More →




Social and behavioral data
Get to know your contacts. We show their interests, social profiles, interactions with marketing campaigns, behavioral actions on your web site (and your custom apps), and the likelihood of closing a deal.






































































































 





Capture more leads than ever before
With over 150 apps and integrations you can funnel all your data into ActiveCampaign.



View all Apps





 








Drag & drop deals
Naturally and seamlessly move deals from one stage to another as you work to close the deal and increase your company's sales. 

 




Track your sales process
Watch your sales funnel in real time and always know how much money is pending in each stage. All it takes is a quick glance.







Customized sales flow
Design your sales process to be as unique as your business. With custom pipelines, sales stages, tasks and more you can get more leads fast.

 




Seamless email integration
Connect with Gmail, Outlook, or any other email provider. View all sent and received emails related to a deal from a single central view.







Sales and user reporting
Keep an eye on your sales funnel, performance metrics, automations, and individual agents with ease.

 




Fully integrated
Your marketing, automation, and sales processes are all seamlessly integrated within a single platform.








Ready to simplify your sales process?
Try it for free today. No credit card needed.


Sign Up Free






















Free Email Marketing & Marketing Automation For Small Businesses



































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free



Try it for free todayNo credit card required. 14 day trial.









One moment while we create your account...











Company Name



Email Address

Did you mean ?









By clicking 'Create' you agree to our Terms of Service & Policies












"Been an @ActiveCampaign user for about 9 months now.. These guys just don't stop over delivering..."
- Widmaer (@Widmaer)







"@activecampaign is by far the best email marketing company I've ever worked with. 110% customer support. #recommended"
- Ryan Scott (@RScottSeattle)

























Marketing Automation - Small Business Email & Sales Marketing Automation






































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free







Features 


Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
CRM & Sales 



Marketing automation done rightAutomate your marketing, sales, and your business.





Your browser does not support the video tag.




 




Automatically engage with your contacts
Welcome emails, birthday emails, trigger campaigns from actions, sales follow-ups and more.











































































































































































































































































































































































































 






Intelligence driven automations
We provide countless options for what you can automate within each of your automations.Update data, initiate campaigns, add branches, add conditions, wait for certain things to happen, start or nurture sales processes, etc.




 





































































































































































Utilize interactions and behaviors from your web sites and apps
We can track page visits and custom events you define, providing real-time behavioral analysis.
Learn More →




Complete segmentation
Easily create segments of your contacts using basic or advanced logic.Check against your contacts' data -- behaviors, interactions, location, history, and much more.
Learn More →




 











 








Automate the life cycle
Adjust contact data, move contacts, send specific follow up campaigns. Trigger actions via site visits, emails (sent or received), SMS interactions, and more.

 




Campaigns on autopilot
Have campaigns initiate with dynamic content whenever you update your website or post new content. Perfect for blog updates, product announcements, and ecommerce.







Auto import contacts
We can automatically fetch and add new contacts from your favorite CRMs, eCommerce platforms, customer service solutions, and more.

 




Smart email content
Dynamically show different content in your messages depending on your contact's data, interactions, social data, and interests. 







Social analysis
View all social reactions to your campaigns in real time. Set up actions to take place when a contact shares your campaign.

 




Up-to-date notifications
As contacts move through work flows and perform actions you can notify specific people so they can follow up or take action.











 

Which is better for your company: all-in-one solutions or a marketing stack?
Learn about the strengths and weaknesses of all-in-one marketing clouds versus creating a custom stack of specialized business apps. 
Learn More







 

See how MyGreenFills uses marketing automation to grow their business.

 


 








My Green Fills Story


"ActiveCampaign enables marketers to engage with their audience in creative and exciting ways. When we first launched MyGreenFills.com, I had no idea of how to market online. Kelly, our account rep, walked side by side with us."






 



More Stories 





 








Ready to automate your marketing?
Try ActiveCampaign for free today. No credit card needed.


Sign Up Free



















ACTIVECAMPAIGN, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    ACTIVECAMPAIGN, LLC











Company number M17000002995
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 4/6/2017
        

Principal Address
            222 S. RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 810, CHICAGO, 60606
            


Mailing Address 222 S. RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 810, CHICAGO, IL, 60606
        
ACTIVECAMPAIGN, LLC Principals

Chairman, E, O
                Vandeboom Jason
                 


Address
                222 S. RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 810, CHICAGO, IL, 60606
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY (c)
        

Agent Address
                1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301
                

Description
ACTIVECAMPAIGN, LLC has been set up 4/6/2017 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The ACTIVECAMPAIGN, LLC principal adress is 222 S. RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 810, CHICAGO, 60606. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 222 S. RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 810, CHICAGO, IL, 60606. 
The company`s registered agent is CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY 1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301.  
The company`s management are Chairman, E, O - Vandeboom Jason.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
ACTIVE CAMPUS LLC
ACTIVE CAPITAL CORP.
ACTIVE CAPITAL INVESTMENTS WEALTH ADVISORS LLC
ACTIVE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC.
ACTIVE CAPITAL REINSURANCE CORP.
ACTIVE CAPITAL TRADING CORP.













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













ActiveCampaign Announces Email Marketing Solution For Wordpress Web Sites  




























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




ActiveCampaign Announces Email Marketing Solution For Wordpress Web Sites 



Share Article

















The industry's leading email marketing software now integrates directly with Wordpress web sites...







Integration of third party applications is essential for any modern software product.  The ability to easily integrate with applications such as Wordpress allow our users to quickly and reliably extend the use of our software while benefiting their end us


Chicago, IL (PRWEB)
January 6, 2010
 Today the makers of the most mature and powerful email marketing solution presently available announced the release of an email marketing plugin for the world's most popular content management solution. The plugin allows Wordpress users to take advantage of advanced email marketing features such as personalization, split-testing, and dynamically generated content, all without any knowledge of coding and without any need to modify their Wordpress theme.
ActiveCampaign, Inc., developer of the ubiquitous Email Marketing software package, has recently increased its focus on interoperability with other industry standard applications, according to ActiveCampaign CEO Jason VandeBoom. Says VandeBoom, "Integration of third party applications is essential for any modern software product.  The ability to easily integrate with applications such as Wordpress allow our users to quickly and reliably extend the use of our software while benefiting their end users in the process."
The Email Marketing Wordpress plugin, provided free to all users of the latest version of ActiveCampaign Email Marketing, provides a drag-and-drop solution for adding email list subscription forms into Wordpress blogs. Any widgetized Wordpress theme can be used, so email list signup forms will be automatically and effortlessly stylized to match the rest of the site.
Since the plugin connects directly to the Email Marketing software's own settings, users are allowed infinite flexibility in choosing what information to collect from new subscribers. The software handles all technical aspects of the signup process, including sending out double opt-in confirmation emails to ensure valid subscriptions. And because repeated database requests can tax web servers that attract high volumes of traffic, the plugin caches the subscription forms that it downloads from the Email Marketing software for later use.
By using ActiveCampaign Email Marketing to power email campaigns for Wordpress sites, webmasters enjoy all the benefits of a full-featured email marketing solution without having to worry about what is going on behind the scenes. "Server administrators appreciate knowing that everything is running on their own servers, and that's what you get here: content, signup forms, list management, message sending, and statistics are all right there on your own server safe and sound," says Matt Thommes, a senior programmer at ActiveCampaign, "you don't want your data locked away on some third-party system."
About ActiveCampaign
Established in 2003, ActiveCampaign, Inc. develops and supports the industry's leading enterprise software solutions out of its offices in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Products include Email Marketing Software, Survey Software, Knowledge Management Software, Help Desk Software, and Live Chat Software.
ActiveCampaign products are currently in use by more than 40,000 organizations including web designers, web hosts, design firms, small businesses, Fortune 500 companies, and educational institutions. For more information about ActiveCampaign, visit http://www.activecampaign.com . 
# # #



Share article on socal media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Jason VandeBoom
ActiveCampaign 312-201-0300
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center




ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC
List of persons related to the company ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001687395IRS Number: 814000116Company address: 222 S RIVERSIDE PLZ STE 810  CHICAGO 60606Phone number: 312-371-3575



People related to ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryVANDEBOOM  JASON222 S RIVERSIDE PLZ STE 810 CHICAGOILMACLEAN  TODD222 S RIVERSIDE PLZ STE 810 CHICAGOIL




ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC on the Web












 











ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC - Other Technology- Maclean  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    222 S Riverside Plz Ste 810  
    Chicago, IL, 60606Phone: 312-371-3575 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-13


New


$20,000,000


$20,000,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Todd Maclean 
 Director 


 Jason Vandeboom 
 Director, Executive 












ActiveCampaign Supercharges Its Market Leading "No Cost" Email Marketing & Marketing Automation Platform 




































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




ActiveCampaign Supercharges Its Market Leading "No Cost" Email Marketing & Marketing Automation Platform



Share Article


















ActiveCampaign is sweetening the deal on its free email marketing & marketing automation plan. Now, users can send to and manage up to 2,500 contacts, a tenfold increase over the previous number.








For other email marketing providers, their 'free' plans are not 'no cost' at all; instead, they're just bait to lead unsuspecting customers into a hard sell.


Chicago, IL (PRWEB)
August 13, 2013
 Startups and small businesses take note: ActiveCampaign is sweetening the deal on its free email marketing & marketing automation plan. Now, users can send to and manage up to 2,500 contacts, a tenfold increase over the previous number. Plus, the company has added full access to the same marketing automation features that have always been available to paid subscribers. 
Company CEO Jason VandeBoom explained the company's reasoning: "For other email marketing providers, their 'free' plans are not 'no cost' at all; instead, they're just bait to lead unsuspecting customers into a hard sell. They typically have limited functionality, restrict auto responders, lack automation, and only allow for short contact lists. ActiveCampaign doesn't work that way. Our plan has enough power and versatility to more than meet the needs of small businesses and individuals."
ActiveCampaign's free marketing automation is the definition of a disruptive technology, not to mention a stroke of genius from a business perspective. "None of our competitors offer a comparable service tier on their platforms. We know from experience that there's a strong demand for marketing automation from small businesses and startups. These potential customers are working with shoestring budgets, but need adaptable, scalable marketing to help create growth conditions. We're happy to contribute to that growth in our own small way," explained VandeBoom.
An expanded number of contacts is not the only value adding touch that ActiveCampaign is eager to share; subscribers to this plan can now send up to 10,000 emails each month with phone, live chat, and email support. That is enough to lay the groundwork for a robust network of leads, allowing users creating thousands of valuable impressions each month — all at no cost and no commitment. 
No credit card is required to sign up for the ActiveCampaign plan. There's no contract to sign, and no high-pressure sales tactics. For many users, this plan may provide all the service and features they will ever need. On the other hand, should a company see rapid growth and a need for larger contact lists and more functionality, transitioning to one of the paid plans is easy. The sign-up form for this plan is located here: http://www.activecampaign.com/.
About ActiveCampaign 
ActiveCampaign combines all aspects of small business marketing into a single & easy to use platform. Seamlessly create beautiful & engaging emails, utilize social media marketing, learn more about your contacts, and utilize marketing automation technology that used to be unreachable for small businesses. Over 100,000 users trust ActiveCampaign to help grow their business.



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Adam Tuttle
ActiveCampaign +1 (773) 360-2270 124
				Email >
			
@activecampaignsince: 12/2008
				Follow >
			
ActiveCampaignsince: 06/2009
				Like >
			
ActiveCampaign, Inc.
Follow us on


									Visit website
								




News Center


 



ActiveCampaign, Inc. Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








ActiveCampaign, Inc.


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All ActiveCampaign, Inc. employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank











MACLEAN  TODD - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











MACLEAN  TODD
Check out list of companies and businesses related to MACLEAN  TODD. Find out MACLEAN  TODD address and contact details. View other people related to MACLEAN  TODD - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

222 S RIVERSIDE PLZ STE 810  CHICAGO 60606 IL




Companies related to MACLEAN  TODD
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001687395ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLC222 S RIVERSIDE PLZ STE 810  CHICAGO 60606




MACLEAN  TODD on the Web
Persons related to MACLEAN  TODD - ACTIVECAMPAIGN HOLDINGS, LLCNamePositionCityVANDEBOOM  JASONCHICAGOMACLEAN  TODDCHICAGO
Potentially same personNameCityCountryMacLean  ToddPalo AltoCAMACLEAN  TODDBOSTONMAMacLean  ToddBostonMAMacLean  ToddChicagoIL




Other people with surname MACLEANMacLean  Bradley, MacLean  Charles, Maclean  Ian, MacLean  Richard, MacLean  Maryna, MacLean  Rod, MacLean  Rhonda, MacLean  Audrey, MacLean  Ian, MacLean  Craig, MacLean  Rhonda, MacLean  Charles, MacLean  Audrey, Maclean  Richard, MacLean  Lloyd, MacLean  Audrey, Maclean  Richard, MacLean  Rhonda, MacLean  Jeffrey, Maclean  Colin, MACLEAN  MICHAEL, Maclean  Richard, MacLean  Rhonda, MacLean  Richard, MacLean  Gillean, MacLean  Malcolm, MACLEAN  RICHARD, MACLEAN  RICHARD, MacLean  Jennifer, MacLean  Gordon, MacLean  Rhonda, Maclean  Richard, MacLean  Trevor, Maclean  Colin, MACLEAN  RICHARD, MacLean  Rhonda, MacLean  Guillermo, MacLean  Audrey, MacLean  Peter, MacLean  Joseph, MACLEAN  ROBERT, MacLean  David, Maclean  Richard, MacLean  David, MacLean  G.








 














EP Holdings, Inc. : Products



















 
 
 


PreviousNext








GorillaDrive USB 3.0




Secret Life of Pets




GorillaDrive Cables




GD Power Banks



EP Holdings, Inc.
 At EP Holdings, Inc., we  have over 50 years combined experience in the USB flash drive and memory DRAM market and is a leading supplier of memory solutions to consumers and resellers.
Our main mission is to bring quality products with experienced and expert advice to our customers. All EP products are quality tested for performance, 100% compatibility and are backed by a warranty.




Home



   
      Copyright © 2017 EP Holdings, Inc. // All Rights Reserved.










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Email Marketing - Marketing Automation - Small Business CRM





















































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free









Choose from over 20 start triggers and pinpoint exactly when your automation will start. Configure actions and something something something I ran out of ideas.










Visually see exactly how your automation is structured using our unique workflow manager. Add actions exactly where you need them without needing to know where it will be triggered down the chain.










Add conditions that visually make sense and be able to identify where your contacts end up. Set goals for contacts that trigger when a specific condition is met or set a contact to wait until more conditions are met.










Finally, marketing automation that's powerful and easy-to-use.



Did you mean ?























Marketing automation that listens and learns
Discover what each contact wants and deliver the most effective message to convert them from visitors, to leads, to customers, to advocates.
Learn More




Add Triggers to Initiate Your Workflow








Add Actions Exactly Where You Want Them








Visually Organize Actions Based On Conditions
























A sales CRM that reveals customer insight
Your valuable customer data will be organized and actionable. Automatically consolidate your communication and use sales automation to drive deals forward.
Learn More











Email marketing and beyond — with intelligence
As you learn about a contact, you can send personalized messages that align perfectly with their interests — whether they're on your website, browsing their inbox, or out-and-about on a mobile device.





Email Marketing



Site Messaging



SMS












Email Marketing

Send beautiful emails

Use our drag-and-drop campaign builder to design eye-catching campaigns. Personalize your message to engage your contacts and convert more customers.


Learn more about Email Marketing
















Site Messaging

On site engagement

Send personalized prompts to your website visitors as they browse your site. Trigger these messages to appear in response to their behavior to reinforce calls to action.


Learn more about Site Messaging





















SMS

Reach them on the go

SMS messages allow you to engage your contacts on their phone. No matter where they are, you'll be able to deliver personalized prompts and reminders.


Learn more about SMS






















Data-backed decisions made easy
All your customer data will be consolidated and organized so you have a complete picture of your customers and business. You’ll be able to gain the insight you need to drive your company forward.
Learn More








Use Goals to Measure & Optimize
Create custom goals to calculate the effectiveness of your growth processes and improve them over time.







Consolidate Data Into a Single Source
Bring third-party data in, organize it, and leverage it to personalize your marketing & sales processes. 







Reveal Insight With Detailed Reports
See exactly what is and isn't working. Dig into your data to pinpoint opportunities for growth.















Create the perfect marketing stack
We integrate with hundreds of the most popular apps so you'll be able to create a custom stack of best-of-breed solutions with the functionality you need to power your company. 
Learn More










































The tools and resources you need to succeed
Extend functionality with integrated add-ons and get in-depth training and support as needed. You'll always have what you need to move your business forward. 




Build, Extend, and Track








Site & Event Tracking
Capture web browsing data for each contact and create custom events to track key behavior.
Learn More







The Chrome Extension
Work out of your Gmail account and manage your contacts anywhere online. 
Learn More







Integrated Form Builder
Create four high-converting form types and use them to trigger your marketing and sales automation. 
Learn More







Learn, Create and Grow








In-Depth Training & Support
When you become an ActiveCampaign customer, you're getting access to an ecosystem of resources.
Learn More







Migration Services
Our free Expert Migration Service makes switching easy. Our experts will move your data for you.
Learn More







Collaborative Community
Connect and collaborate with other ActiveCampaign users on our forums, Facebook, and Slack.
Learn More









Helping thousands of businesses grow
Learn how customers save time and grow their businesses with marketing automation. 










My Green Fills Story


"ActiveCampaign enables marketers to engage with their audience in creative and exciting ways. When we first launched MyGreenFills.com, I had no idea of how to market online. Kelly, our account rep, walked side by side with us."












Scott's Cheap Flights Story


"Scott's Cheap Flights would be a shell of the business it is today without ActiveCampaign. With an email list hundreds of thousands strong, a powerful and dependable email client is essential for us to run our business."












Teton Sports Story


"ActiveCampaign is a great scalable CRM. I love how I have more control with my email and how wicked simple it is to use. I'd recommend ActiveCampaign to people who want to scale their email marketing efforts without the hefty price tags of other email or CRM platforms."







More Stories 





 





 





 






Get started now
14-day free trial. No credit card required. Instant set up.




Did you mean ?




















One moment while we create your account...























Email Marketing Service - Autoresponders






































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free







Features 


Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
CRM & Sales 



Email marketing and newslettersSend newsletters, campaign followups, and individual emails.







Drag & Drop Interface





Mobile Friendly





Free Templates





Free Image Hosting










Your browser does not support the video tag.




 




Manage and grow your contacts
Gather all of your contacts into a single platform.



Import your existing contacts from a file or another service. Use our contact ​management features to find and work on your contacts.
View the full history of a contact (from all your marketing and sales channels) on a single screen.




 
































































































































































Data driven segmentation
Segment your contacts by their contact data, campaign interactions, activity on your site, interests/social data, and much more. Use segments to explore contacts, send targeted campaigns, and affect automations.







Subscription forms
Add our subscription forms to your web site to allow your visitors to receive your campaigns.

 




Extensive contact data
From just an email address, we can fetch a contact's age, gender, location, interests, social profiles, and more.





 




Intelligent behavioral based emails
Think of an auto responder, but one hundred times better.



Create automations (sequences of actions and/or emails) based on contact & behavioral data. Trigger follow up emails based on contacts' actions, interests, or behaviors on your site.
Learn More →




 













Split testing
Test different subject lines & email content to see what gives you the most opens, clicks, and highest ROI.
Learn More →

 




Dynamic content
Add content from your eCommerce platform, embed RSS based data within an email, or add conditional content.
Learn More →





 




Real-time insights into your campaigns and contacts
Monitor campaign interactions, reactions, contact trends, and more.



Dig into a wealth of reporting options. Keep an eye on specific campaigns, on-going trends, real-time activity streams, and more.
We take the mass amount of interaction, behavioral, and contact based data and make it actionable for you.




 































































GEO Tracking
See where contacts interact with your campaign with our live geo-location tracking system. Determine where contacts live (and visit) and use that data for segmentation.






 








Complete personalization
Personalize your campaign with your contacts data. Create conditional content within your emails and embed external data based on your contacts preferences.

 




Custom data fields
Create custom fields to store any type of contact data such as drop downs, text fields, radio buttons, and more. Personalize campaigns or segment your sending based on this data.







Full creative control
If you want ultimate control over your email you have full source editing to modify the HTML and CSS.

 




SMS/Text messaging
Send SMS follow ups to your contacts. Track the interactions/responses to your SMS campaigns.







Hundreds of Integrations
Integrate with Wordpress, ecommerce platforms, CRMs, accounting systems, webinars, payment systems, and more.

 




Campaign Archive
Maintain a public archive of all the past mailings. Let visitors view past mailings, subscribe to lists, and more. 







Real-time spam prevention
We constantly analyze all of our users in real time based on hundreds of factors. Keeping poor senders out ensures top deliverability. We despise spam.

 




Managed deliverability
From authentication to ISP relations, we manage it all. We stay on top of any issues and focus on preemptive actions to ensure emails are delivered. 







 

See how Scott's Cheap Flights uses ActiveCampaign's email marketing to engage customers

 


 








Scott's Cheap Flights Story


"Scott's Cheap Flights would be a shell of the business it is today without ActiveCampaign. With an email list hundreds of thousands strong, a powerful and dependable email client is essential for us to run our business."






 



More Stories 





 








Ready to start marketing your business?
Try it for free today. No credit card needed.


Sign Up Free























Free Email Marketing & Marketing Automation For Small Businesses



































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free



Try it for free todayNo credit card required. 14 day trial.









One moment while we create your account...











Company Name



Email Address

Did you mean ?









By clicking 'Create' you agree to our Terms of Service & Policies












"Been an @ActiveCampaign user for about 9 months now.. These guys just don't stop over delivering..."
- Widmaer (@Widmaer)







"@activecampaign is by far the best email marketing company I've ever worked with. 110% customer support. #recommended"
- Ryan Scott (@RScottSeattle)

























Small Business CRM + Deals + Contact Management. Built-in sales automation





































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free







Features 


Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
CRM & Sales 



A CRM designed for real peopleSeamless integration with your personal email, marketing, and automations.





Your browser does not support the video tag.




 




Complete sales automation
Automatically nurture, advance, and close on deals.



Assist your sales reps with automated actions based on your contacts' emails, actions, time within deals and stages, website browsing history, and more. Manual actions are assisted via automation features to ensure you can do more with your time. This provides the perfect blend of automation & personalized human touch to your deals.




 


































































Setup custom sales processes
Craft your own sales process combining automated and manual touches to provide the best sales experience possible while saving your agents time.
Use intelligent behavior based logic to nurture leads. Have agents reach out manually when the contact is ready.
Learn More →






 





Manage and grow your list of contacts
Spend less time keeping up with your contacts actions and needs.



Manage your existing and future contacts with ease. With powerful searching and filtering options you can drill down to specific groups of contacts and view the entire history of a specific contact.




 















































































Contact and lead scoring
Not every contact and sales opportunity is equal. Use contact data such as their details, interactions, behaviors, interests, and more to ensure you are pursuing the top opportunities first.
Learn More →




Social and behavioral data
Get to know your contacts. We show their interests, social profiles, interactions with marketing campaigns, behavioral actions on your web site (and your custom apps), and the likelihood of closing a deal.






































































































 





Capture more leads than ever before
With over 150 apps and integrations you can funnel all your data into ActiveCampaign.



View all Apps





 








Drag & drop deals
Naturally and seamlessly move deals from one stage to another as you work to close the deal and increase your company's sales. 

 




Track your sales process
Watch your sales funnel in real time and always know how much money is pending in each stage. All it takes is a quick glance.







Customized sales flow
Design your sales process to be as unique as your business. With custom pipelines, sales stages, tasks and more you can get more leads fast.

 




Seamless email integration
Connect with Gmail, Outlook, or any other email provider. View all sent and received emails related to a deal from a single central view.







Sales and user reporting
Keep an eye on your sales funnel, performance metrics, automations, and individual agents with ease.

 




Fully integrated
Your marketing, automation, and sales processes are all seamlessly integrated within a single platform.








Ready to simplify your sales process?
Try it for free today. No credit card needed.


Sign Up Free






















Marketing Automation - Small Business Email & Sales Marketing Automation






































Features

Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
Sales and CRM


Solutions

 By Vertical
Agencies
Bloggers
Ecommerce
SAAS


By Team
Customer Success
Marketing
Sales


Pricing
Enterprise
Contact
Log In
Try it Free







Features 


Email Marketing
Marketing Automation
CRM & Sales 



Marketing automation done rightAutomate your marketing, sales, and your business.





Your browser does not support the video tag.




 




Automatically engage with your contacts
Welcome emails, birthday emails, trigger campaigns from actions, sales follow-ups and more.











































































































































































































































































































































































































 






Intelligence driven automations
We provide countless options for what you can automate within each of your automations.Update data, initiate campaigns, add branches, add conditions, wait for certain things to happen, start or nurture sales processes, etc.




 





































































































































































Utilize interactions and behaviors from your web sites and apps
We can track page visits and custom events you define, providing real-time behavioral analysis.
Learn More →




Complete segmentation
Easily create segments of your contacts using basic or advanced logic.Check against your contacts' data -- behaviors, interactions, location, history, and much more.
Learn More →




 











 








Automate the life cycle
Adjust contact data, move contacts, send specific follow up campaigns. Trigger actions via site visits, emails (sent or received), SMS interactions, and more.

 




Campaigns on autopilot
Have campaigns initiate with dynamic content whenever you update your website or post new content. Perfect for blog updates, product announcements, and ecommerce.







Auto import contacts
We can automatically fetch and add new contacts from your favorite CRMs, eCommerce platforms, customer service solutions, and more.

 




Smart email content
Dynamically show different content in your messages depending on your contact's data, interactions, social data, and interests. 







Social analysis
View all social reactions to your campaigns in real time. Set up actions to take place when a contact shares your campaign.

 




Up-to-date notifications
As contacts move through work flows and perform actions you can notify specific people so they can follow up or take action.











 

Which is better for your company: all-in-one solutions or a marketing stack?
Learn about the strengths and weaknesses of all-in-one marketing clouds versus creating a custom stack of specialized business apps. 
Learn More







 

See how MyGreenFills uses marketing automation to grow their business.

 


 








My Green Fills Story


"ActiveCampaign enables marketers to engage with their audience in creative and exciting ways. When we first launched MyGreenFills.com, I had no idea of how to market online. Kelly, our account rep, walked side by side with us."






 



More Stories 





 








Ready to automate your marketing?
Try ActiveCampaign for free today. No credit card needed.


Sign Up Free

















