

















Global Eagle Entertainment Appoints Wale Adepoju as Chief Commercial Officer - Global Eagle Entertainment



















































      +1 (310) 437-6000      contact       

  



GO




Global Eagle Entertainment



Products


Content Services

Movies
TV Shows
Audio
Airgames
Airread
Airshop
Airmeal


Connectivity Systems

Digital Media Solutions

Airtime
Airtime IFE
Airtime Content-to-Go
Airtime Lounge
Entice


Distribution

EIM
Fairdeal
Emphasis


EMC Solutions
Operations Solutions

MASFLIGHT
NAVAERO





Services

Creative Services

Apps
Videos
Interface Design
Printwork
Branding


Inflight Advertising
Research & Consultancy
Technical Services



Markets

Aviation
Maritime
Land
Visual Education Centre
International Tele Film
Criterion
Home Entertainment

Creative Services
Media Services
Audio Services




 Investors

Financial Info

SEC Filings
Annuals & Proxies
Quarterly Results
Key Ratios


Stock Info

Historic Stock Lookup
Investment Calculator
Analyst Coverage


Events
FAQ
Press Releases
Governance

Board
Committee Composition


Investor Contact


 About

Executive Officers
Careers
Albatross One
EthicsPoint Hotline
Contact Us


 Latest

News
Industry Events
Spotlight



















              Press Releases 
            








Shareholder Tools

 Briefcase
 Downloads
 Email Alerts
 Snapshot
 Print




Global Eagle Entertainment Appoints Wale Adepoju as Chief Commercial Officer





 Previous Release | Next Release 



LOS ANGELES, July 31, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global Eagle Entertainment (Nasdaq:ENT), a worldwide leading provider of integrated in-flight entertainment and connectivity solutions for airlines, has appointed Walé Adepoju to Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer. Previously, Adepoju was Chief Operating Officer of AIA which was acquired by Global Eagle in 2013. He will report directly to Dave Davis, Chief Executive Officer of Global Eagle.


 "Walé has played an instrumental role in growing Global Eagle's client base and brings a wealth of experience from the airline industry," commented Davis. "He has worked directly with a number of our customers through his prior endeavors and is recognized as a leader in our industry. He and has had a meaningful impact on Global Eagle, including building a powerful commercial platform, driving innovation and implementing core controls across our organization."


 Adepoju successfully led the performance growth across the AIA group of companies covering all aspects of IFE content, services and applications for airline passengers. He is the founder of IMDC, an organization that advises companies on optimizing investment in passenger systems. With almost 20 years of experience in creating and delivering successful strategies, he is regarded as one of the leading experts in the sector. Prior to IMDC, Adepoju was responsible for Strategy & Development at Spafax. Earlier in his career, he worked as an air transport analyst providing key investment advice on Aerospace companies and products. This included new aircraft analysis, re-engine and retrofit analysis. In 2010, he successfully executed a turnaround and sale of Thermal Engineering, an aero engine parts supplier.


 Adepoju holds an honors degree in Manufacturing Engineering and a Masters in Air Transport Management from Cranfield University.

About Global Eagle Entertainment

Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. (Nasdaq:ENT) is a worldwide provider of media content, technology, and connectivity solutions to the travel industry. Through the industry's most comprehensive product and services platform, Global Eagle Entertainment provides airlines with a wide range of inflight solutions. These include Wi-Fi, movies, television, music, interactive software, as well as portable IFE solutions, content management services, e-commerce solutions and original content development. Serving over 150 airlines worldwide, Global Eagle Entertainment delivers exceptional quality and value to its customers to help them achieve their passenger experience objectives. The company's headquarters are located in Los Angeles, California, with offices and teams located in North America, Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, Oceania and South America. Find out more at www.globaleagleent.com

  
CONTACT: Global Eagle Entertainment:



         Press:

         Melissa Pauleat

         +1 514 758 5820

         pr@globaleagleent.com



         Investors:

         Kevin Trosian

         +1 310-740-8624

         investor.relations@globaleagleent.com

Source: Global Eagle Entertainment

News Provided by Acquire Media


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



View All Press Releases











































 










 




Walé Adepoju: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:27 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of Global Eagle Entertainment Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Walé   Adepoju  Executive Vice President of Media & Content, Global Eagle Entertainment Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.45$1,079,793As of Fiscal Year 2015
Background

		Mr. Walé Adepoju has been Executive Vice President of Media & Content at Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. since August 3, 2016. Mr. Adepoju served as Executive Vice President of Media at Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. since July 27, 2016 until August 3, 2016. Mr. Adepoju served as the Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President at Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. from July 31, 2014 to July 27, 2016. Mr. Adepoju successfully led the performance growth across ... the AIA group of companies covering all aspects of IFE content, services and applications for airline passengers. He is the founder of IMDC, an organization that advises companies on optimizing investment in passenger systems. With almost 20 years of experience in creating and delivering successful strategies, he is regarded as one of the leading experts in the sector. He served as Vice President of Thermal Engineering and Sales & Marketing at Thermal Engineering Plc. Prior to IMDC, he was responsible for Strategy & Development at Spafax. Earlier in his career, he worked as an air transport analyst providing key investment advice on Aerospace companies and products. Mr. Adepoju holds an honors degree in Manufacturing Engineering and a Masters in Air Transport Management from Cranfield University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
4553 Glencoe AvenueLos Angeles, California 90292United StatesPhone: 310-437-6000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
Master's Degree Cranfield University
Other Affiliations
Cranfield UniversityThermal Engineering Limited


Annual Compensation
Salary$406,027Total Annual Compensation$406,027
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$199,998Exercised Options$30,000Exercised Options Value$156,508Exercisable Options$361,666Unexercisable Options$250,468Total Value of Options$156,508Total Number of Options$642,134
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$686,400Total Short Term Compensation$406,027Other Long Term Compensation$199,998Total Calculated Compensation$1,079,793




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationMichael T. Strianese Chairman & CEOL3 Technologies, Inc.$1.4MMark D. Dankberg Co-Founder, Chairman & CEOViaSat, Inc.$1.1MMichael T. Dugan CEO, President & DirectorEchoStar Corporation$850.0KMichael J. Small Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorGogo Inc.$650.0KFred  Kornberg Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentComtech Telecommunications Corp.$760.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Global Eagle Entertainment Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























    Walé Adepoju | Global Eagle Entertainment Inc | ZoomInfo.com



Global Eagle Entertainment Appoints Wale Adepoju as Chief Commercial Officer Nasdaq:ENT









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Global Eagle Entertainment Appoints Wale Adepoju as Chief Commercial Officer




















July 31, 2014 08:31 ET

 | Source: Global Eagle, Inc.





LOS ANGELES, July 31, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global Eagle Entertainment (Nasdaq:ENT), a worldwide leading provider of integrated in-flight entertainment and connectivity solutions for airlines, has appointed Walé Adepoju to Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer. Previously, Adepoju was Chief Operating Officer of AIA which was acquired by Global Eagle in 2013. He will report directly to Dave Davis, Chief Executive Officer of Global Eagle.

	"Walé has played an instrumental role in growing Global Eagle's client base and brings a wealth of experience from the airline industry," commented Davis. "He has worked directly with a number of our customers through his prior endeavors and is recognized as a leader in our industry. He and has had a meaningful impact on Global Eagle, including building a powerful commercial platform, driving innovation and implementing core controls across our organization."

	Adepoju successfully led the performance growth across the AIA group of companies covering all aspects of IFE content, services and applications for airline passengers. He is the founder of IMDC, an organization that advises companies on optimizing investment in passenger systems. With almost 20 years of experience in creating and delivering successful strategies, he is regarded as one of the leading experts in the sector. Prior to IMDC, Adepoju was responsible for Strategy & Development at Spafax. Earlier in his career, he worked as an air transport analyst providing key investment advice on Aerospace companies and products. This included new aircraft analysis, re-engine and retrofit analysis. In 2010, he successfully executed a turnaround and sale of Thermal Engineering, an aero engine parts supplier.

	Adepoju holds an honors degree in Manufacturing Engineering and a Masters in Air Transport Management from Cranfield University.

About Global Eagle Entertainment

	Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. (Nasdaq:ENT) is a worldwide provider of media content, technology, and connectivity solutions to the travel industry. Through the industry's most comprehensive product and services platform, Global Eagle Entertainment provides airlines with a wide range of inflight solutions. These include Wi-Fi, movies, television, music, interactive software, as well as portable IFE solutions, content management services, e-commerce solutions and original content development. Serving over 150 airlines worldwide, Global Eagle Entertainment delivers exceptional quality and value to its customers to help them achieve their passenger experience objectives. The company's headquarters are located in Los Angeles, California, with offices and teams located in North America, Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, Oceania and South America. Find out more at www.globaleagleent.com
	 
Global Eagle Entertainment:

Press:  
Melissa Pauleat
+1 514 758 5820
pr@globaleagleent.com

Investors:  
Kevin Trosian
+1 310-740-8624
investor.relations@globaleagleent.com



Related Articles
other press releases by Global Eagle, Inc.


Global Eagle Introduces PRIVA, the New Ultra-High-End Brand
July 24, 2017 03:00


Global Eagle Wins Five-Year Contract with Norwegian Air Shuttle Across Its Boeing 737NG Fleet for Inflight Entertainment, Connectivity
July 20, 2017 12:46


Global Eagle Announces Receipt of NASDAQ Notification
May 19, 2017 16:30


Global Eagle Entertainment Appoints Ron Steger to Board of Directors
April 18, 2017 16:15


Global Eagle Entertainment Names Paul Rainey Chief Financial Officer
April 10, 2017 08:00






236



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Global Eagle, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Los Angeles, California, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Global Eagle Entertainment:

Press:  
Melissa Pauleat
+1 514 758 5820
pr@globaleagleent.com

Investors:  
Kevin Trosian
+1 310-740-8624
investor.relations@globaleagleent.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Global Eagle, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
ENTERTAINMENT
MANAGEMENT CHANGES














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.






Wale Adepoju 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















    Walé Adepoju | Global Eagle Entertainment Inc | ZoomInfo.com