





















	Welcome to Affinity Gaming








For the best viewing experience, our website is compatable with Internet Explorer version 9 and above.You can also use other modern browsers such as Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari for Mac.






MENU









Here at Affinity Gaming, we are dedicated to providing a superior experience for the gambler that values a WELCOMING environment with a focus on:
GREAT SLOTS, SATISFYING FOOD & THE UTMOST FUN.
Located in the heart of the entertainment and gaming capital of the world, Las Vegas, Nevada, Affinity Gaming is more than just another gaming company. We are a personable, loyal, and friendly company that shares a connection with each of our customers. Every employee at Affinity Gaming is committed to enhancing our guests' satisfaction by building upon our relationships and offering high-quality service at a reasonable price. Visit any of our 11 properties (five in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri, and one in Iowa) to experience our dedication to delivering a value-oriented product in a convenient, welcoming, and casual atmosphere. You may just find yourself visiting us again and again.


CILCK FOR MORE INFO



Our Mission & Philosophy

Here at Affinity Gaming,
			We are dedicated to providing a superior experience for the gambler that values a WELCOMING environment with a focus on

		GREAT SLOTS,
		SATISFYING FOOD
		& THE UTMOST FUN.
At Affinity Gaming properties, it’s all about fun and food for our guests. By offering outstanding value with elevated dining options, top-notch entertainment and high paying slots, we keep our guests coming back. We’re committed to offering exceptional and personalized service and our guests become like family, where everyone knows their name. 


Equal Opportunity Employer
The company provides equal opportunity for employment on the basis of ability and aptitude and will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, medical condition, disability or handicap, perceived disability or handicap, military service, veteran status, marital status or sexual orientation. 
Education
A strong training program in the critical early stages of employment is proven to enhance the success of every team member. Ongoing training and development are key factors in helping our employees grow within the company and keeping them marketable within their field.
Recognition
We encourage our employees to acknowledge and nominate their fellow team members when they see individual or group accomplishments that support the company’s goals and values.


Commitment to Community
We are committed to improving the quality of life of the communities in which we live and work. We generously support a variety of deserving charitable organizations and are dedicated to promoting diversity, protecting the environment, and supporting responsible gaming.

Alzheimer's Association
"We have a responsibility to help and give back to our communities when we can. By partnering with the Alzheimer's Association, we hope to encourage others to participate so we can find new treatments and preventions, and ultimately, a cure." – Michael Silberling, CEO

Affinity Gaming has kicked off its 2016 corporate citizenship commitment by partnering with the Alzheimer's Association and pledging to contribute at least $100,000 across the regional chapters where its 11 casinos are operated in Southern and Northern Nevada, Colorado, Missouri and Iowa.  The yearlong partnership will include Affinity Gaming being a primary sponsor and participating in signature Alzheimer’s Association events, including its Education Conference and the Walk to End Alzheimer’s. During Alzheimer’s & Brain Awareness Month in June, Affinity Gaming’s casino properties will create promotions and programs for their guests. In addition, Affinity will offer educational sessions, informational tables and program materials for team members along with team member rallies and town hall meetings. Team members also will have access to care consultation through their regional offices to provide case management and navigation through each stage of the disease.  With $60,000 of the overall commitment targeted for Southern Nevada, it will be largest single corporate contribution to the regional chapter of the Association.

The American Gaming Association (AGA)
Affinity Gaming is a proud member of the American Gaming Association and committed to supporting the gaming industry by helping casino operators thrive, innovate and grow. The AGA is committed to inclusively representing the totality of the gaming industry.

Las Vegas Business Academy
The Las Vegas Business Academy is a non-profit organization supporting future business leaders in the Las Vegas area by providing scholarships to UNLV graduate students studying Law, Business, and Hospitality. The LVBA is committed to providing unparalleled mentoring resources through their Board of Directors through student’s education.
Marc Rubenstein, Affinity Gaming’s General Counsel, has served of the Board of Directors for the Las Vegas Business Academy since 2014. Affinity Gaming pledges $6,000 yearly to the organization.

The Smith Center
Michael Silberling currently serves on the Board for President’s Advisory Council at The Smith Center. Opened in 2012, The Smith Center is considered to be one of the best performing art centers in the United States. As a proud supporter of the arts, Michael aspires to culturally enrich the residents of Southern Nevada by donating and giving back to this influential not-for-profit organization. Whether it's a symphony, a painting, a sculpture, or a performance, he understands that art helps to shape one's character; and The Smith Center is doing just that for our community. His support has funded many important efforts, such as bringing world-class performances right here to Las Vegas and providing educational programs which have touched the lives of over 200,000 students and teachers.

Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce
Affinity Gaming is a proud partner of Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce which helps make Las Vegas a vibrant place to live and work. By seeking and actively engaging community-wide partnerships, we can make Las Vegas a globally competitive and diversified metropolitan area.

Donations & Sponsorships
We believe strongly in giving back to the community it has been a part of for years. We care and are a proud supporter of our community. We support worthwhile initiatives, local and community-minded organizations; charities that help improve our region and benefit those in need. We strive to fulfill many of the hundreds of donation requests we receive each month.
Guidelines for Sponsorship:

Organizations must be tax exempt under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code to be considered.
Request must be submitted at least 12 weeks in advance of the event.
First priority is given to organizations that serve our communities.

Donations Committee will not fund:

Organizations that discriminate on the basis of age, disability, gender, race, religion, national origin, or sexual orientation.
Organizations whose sole purpose is promotion or support of a specific religion, denomination or religious institution.
Requests for monetary grants and / or sponsorships of individuals and teams. 
Requests for gaming related items (i.e.: playing cards and dice) are prohibited to minors. 

Donations Committee will not generally fund:

Political causes, candidates, organizations or campaigns.
Fraternal, alumni, trade, professional or social organizations.
Organizations that are not tax-exempt under section 501(c)3 of the Internal Revenue Code.
		



Committed to Responsible Gaming
Affinity Gaming adheres to the American Gaming Association (AGA) Code of Conduct for Responsible Gaming. Our company takes steps to promote responsible gaming. The AGA Code of Conduct represents a broad commitment by the entire gaming industry to make the public aware of responsible gaming resources, and incorporates responsible gaming into business operations. Through our company's implementation of the AGA Code of Conduct, Affinity Gaming demonstrates that we are fully committed to the highest level of ethical and responsible policies and procedures in our gaming practices.
To promote responsible gaming, we continue to:

Educate our employees through a variety of programs and methods on responsible gaming policies and procedures
Provide information to our employees about resources for assistance with problem gaming
Provide information to our patrons, through a variety of methods both at our casinos and on our websites, about responsible gaming, win-loss odds on casino games and resources for assistance with problem gaming
Provide our patrons who feel they may have a problem the option of enrolling in our Self-Limit Access Program, which will cancel their access to our promotional mailings and casino services such as credit, Players Club privileges and check-cashing for as long a time period as they desire
Serve alcoholic beverages responsibly
Monitor vigilantly to prevent underage gambling and unattended minors in our casinos
Advertise responsibly
Fund responsible gaming research

If you feel you need help, please call the following 24-hour confidential national hotlines in Nevada 
			1-800-522-4700, 
				Colorado 1-800-522-4700,
				Iowa 1-800-BETSOFF and 
		Missouri 1-800-BETSOFF.


Care for the Environment
Affinity Gaming recognizes the importance of reducing our carbon footprint. We continue to research and adopt environmentally sustainable programs to support a clean world. We have proactively introduced conservation and sustainable practices into our daily operations. We take great pride in protecting the future.
The ongoing conservation steps include the following:

Transitioned from disposable glasses, plates and silverware to regular utensils, cutting down waste within dining facilities.
Traditional drain cleaners were replaced with environmentally-friendly, bacterial-based cleaners.
Lost cell phones are donated to a local charitable organization.
Trees and plants that are no longer viable are sent to a local composter.
Recycles all electronic waste, compact fluorescent light bulbs, fryer oil, and cardboard.
Installation of new HVAC systems. The systems conserve energy and draws fresh air into our property when proper weather condition allow.
Installation of an state of the art air quality control system which minimizes smoke and air particulates.
Non-smoking areas on our gaming floors.
Shredding and recycling paper receptacles placed in administrate offices.



Company History
Affinity Gaming traces its roots to the Terrible Herbst Oil Company founded in 1959 by Ed Herbst which owns gasoline stations throughout Nevada, California, Utah and Arizona. Herbst Gaming was formed by brothers Ed Herbst, Troy Herbst and Tim Herbst to service the slot machines in their gas stations in 1987. Over the next years here’s a look at the history of Terrible Herbst becoming Affinity Gaming. 2006Sands Regent announced plans of acquirement by Herbst2007Herbst purchased four (4) casinos to include: the Red Hawk Sports Bar, Sands Regent and Rail City Casino for $119 million
 Herbst Gaming acquired Primm Valley Casino Resorts from MGM Mirage (now MGM Resorts International) for $400 million
2008Operations of the two companies represented 80 gasoline stations and 600 different slot route locations2009Herbst announced its plans to enter a pre-arranged Chapter 11 Bankruptcy whereby it would keep its slot routes but give ownership of its casinos to its creditors thus splitting its current operations into two holding companiesHerbst would continue to manage the casinos2010Herbst emerged from Chapter 11, under new ownership2011Herbst changed its name to Affinity Gaming, LLC2012Affinity sold the Terrible's Town Casino and Terrible's Lakeside Casino & RV Park in Pahrump and much of its slots route operations to Golden GamingGolden in turn sold to Affinity three (3) casinos in Black Hawk, Colorado: the Golden Gates, Golden Gulch, and Golden Mardi Gras Affinity sold the Terrible's Searchlight casino and the remainder of its slots routes to JETT Gaming, owned by the Herbst family 2013Affinity sold three of its Northern Nevada casinos for $19.2 million to Truckee Gaming, a new company led by Affinity Executive Ferenc Szony2014Affinity Gaming announced Michael Silberling was the new Chief Executive OfficerSilberling, who succeeded David Ross was also named a member of the Board of Directors


 
 






Contact Us
FAQs

Vendors
Privacy Policy

















©2017 Affinity Gaming - Z Capital Portfolio Company
3755 Breakthrough Way #300, Las Vegas, NV 89135 
				  |   
				(702) 341-2400





























	Our Properties - Affinity Gaming Locations Portfolio












For the best viewing experience, our website is compatable with Internet Explorer version 9 and above.You can also use other modern browsers such as Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari for Mac.






MENU










Our Properties
Click the logos on the map for more property information.

SELECT LOCATION
Golden Gulch Casino
Golden Gates Casino
Whiskey Pete's Hotel & Casino
Buffalo Bill's Resort & Casino
Mark Twain Casino
St. Jo Frontier Casino
Mardi Gras Casino
Rail City Casino
Primm Valley Resort & Casino
Lakeside Hotel Casino
Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino
Affinity Gaming




















Golden Gulch Casino321 Main Street, Blackhawk, CO 80422  (Get Directons)☎ (303) 582-5600GoldenGulchCasino.comPhotosFollow @TheGoldenGatesAt Golden Gulch Casino, everything is a little smaller, a little looser and a whole lot friendlier! The only 100 percent, all-coin casino in Black Hawk, Golden Gulch Casino delivers a classic gaming experience with extraordinary paydays. Enjoy all your favorite classic slot and video poker machines, ranging from penny slots to $5 machines. The casino floor may look small, but it's big on fun and brimming with luck. You can also try your hand at breaking the bank in the historic "City Jail." According to urban legend, this unique room beneath the building was Black Hawk's former jail house. Size really does matter at Golden Gulch Casino, and smaller is definitely better!
Golden Gates Casino261 Main Street, Blackhawk, CO 80422  (Get Directons)☎ (303) 582-5600TheGoldenGatesCasino.comPhotosFollow @TheGoldenGatesPlay for your chance to hit it big on 200+ of the newest slot and video poker machines, or test your skill in our custom built Poker Room, home of the Colorado Poker Championship and Heartland Poker Tour along with daily tournaments and the most value for your play! Try our $4.99 Double Cheesebuger special at Full House Cafe or wet your whistle at the Gold Bar featuring the coldest beers on the mountain. You are always a winner at the Golden Gates!
Whiskey Pete's Hotel & Casino100 Primm Blvd West, Primm, NV 89019  (Get Directons)☎ (702) 386-7867WhiskeyPete.comHOTEL RESERVATIONS:☎ (702) 386-7867Book OnlinePhotosFollow @PrimmValleyKick off your boots at Whiskey Pete’s. Located only 25 minutes south of Las Vegas on Interstate 15 at the Southern Nevada/California state line. At Pete's, you'll feel right at home whether you're shooting some pool, listening to live tunes, or throwing back a few at Pete's Place. You can even kick it up a notch and strike it rich in our casino, with over 350 slot machines and hot action table games. Plus, we've got 248 newly renovated hotel rooms and suites that boast rustic charm and provide the utmost comfort with large pillow-top beds, in-room Wi-Fi, and a large chaise lounge. 
Buffalo Bill's Resort & Casino31700 Las Vegas Blvd South, Primm, NV 89019  (Get Directons)☎ (702) 386-7867BuffaloBills.casinoHOTEL RESERVATIONS:☎ (702) 386-7867Book OnlinePhotosFollow @PrimmValleyThe party is always in full swing at Buffalo Bill's. From an action-packed, 46,000 square foot casino with over 575 slots, 18 table games to the legendary Desperado roller coaster, Buffalo Bill's is ideal for the whole family or even a group of friends. Located 25 minutes south of Las Vegas on Interstate 15 at the Southern Nevada/California state line, the hotel offers two towers with over 1,200 guest rooms and suites, a Buffalo-shaped swimming pool, amusement rides, live entertainment at the Star of the Desert Arena, and a variety of dining options, including Guillermo’s Cocina & Cantina, dog House, Miss Ashley's Buffet, Denny's and a food court that features McDonald's, Buffalo Bill’s Pizza, Buffalo Bill’s Ice Cream, La Salsa Fresh Mexican Grill and Panda Express – and it's all under one roof.
Mark Twain Casino104 Pierce Street, LaGrange, MO 63448  (Get Directons)☎ (866) 454-LUCK (5825)MarkTwainCasinoLagrange.comPhotosFollow @MarkTwainCasinoEveryone knows your game at Mark Twain Casino. With exciting gaming action, enticing promotions, soulful dining and impeccable service; fun and excitement is never far away. Mark Twain Casino is a favorite of locals and visitors alike.  The casino has over 400 of your favorite slot machines, the latest video slots, reel slots and video poker games as well as our 13 table games that include 2-deck blackjack, craps, roulette, and poker style games. And relax at our RV park with 8 RV hook up spaces with level concrete pads, room for slide-outs, water and electrical hook ups.
St. Jo Frontier Casino777 Winners Circle, St. Joseph, MO 64505  (Get Directons)☎ (800) 888-2946StJoFrontierCasino.comPhotosFollow @StJoFrontierEveryone knows your game at St. Jo! Live gaming action is waiting for you at the St. Jo Frontier Casino. We have over 470 loose slots and video poker machines for your entertainment. All games are ticket-in, ticket-out. Come play our tables today and enjoy raps, a variety of table games including Mississippi Stud and Texas Shootout! If you like Texas Hold 'em, then you are going to love Texas Shootout where you can win up to 1,000 times your bet!
Mardi Gras Casino300 Main Street, Blackhawk, CO 80422  (Get Directons)☎ (303) 582-5600TheGoldenGatesCasino.comPhotosFollow @TheGoldenGatesThe party is always in full swing at the Mardi Gras Casino. We have the latest and greatest slot and video poker machines with the ease of ticket-in/ticket-out technology and hot live action table games including Ultimate Texas Hold’em and Pai-Jack. With so much excitement, you are sure to work up an appetite so make sure to try all the delicious dishes from Bourbon Street Buffet or Lucky’s Café and quench your thirst at the Jester Bar or Masquerade Bar. Have a sweet tooth? Stop by Dunkin Donuts located on the first floor. Parking at the casino is free and we’re conveniently located in historical Black Hawk, Colorado. “Laissez les Bon Temps Rouler!” “Let the Good Times Roll!”
Rail City Casino2121 Victorian Ave, Sparks, NV 89431  (Get Directons)☎ (775) 359-9440RailCity.comPhotosFollow @RailCitySparksWhere Ya Gonna Go? Rail City! In Sparks, locals have been saying it for years. Known as the local's favorite, Rail City has over 800 of the newest and hottest video reel, video poker and slots available. Rail City also features a William Hill Race and Sports Book, blackjack and high card flush table games, and live Keno, with one of the most liberal pay cards in Nevada! Hungry? Try the newly renovated Buffet & Café! Our buffet offers something unique each night along with traditional all-you-can-eat favorites.  The 24/7 Café has some of the best breakfast, lunch and dinner plates in town or experience the Ale House featuring slowly smoked brisket to Steak and Lobster, with over a dozen large screen HDTV’s to catch all of your favorite sports action. Great food and great gaming is why the locals keep coming back. As they say, Where Ya Gonna Go? Rail City!
Primm Valley Resort & Casino31900 Las Vegas Blvd South, Primm, NV 89019  (Get Directons)☎ (702) 386-7867PrimmValleyResorts.comHOTEL RESERVATIONS:☎ (702) 386-7867Book OnlinePhotosFollow @PrimmValleyFor a stay wrapped in elegance, yet surrounded by endless opportunity, head to Primm Valley Resort & Casino. Located 25 minutes south of Las Vegas on Interstate 15 at the Southern Nevada/California state line, escape to relaxing activities at this classy boutique-style getaway. The property features 624 hotel rooms and suites that exude elegance and style with chic décor. Offering 46,000 square feet of entertainment, the casino floor features 700 slot machines, 22 table games and a William Hill race and sports book. The 13,000-square-foot Spa at Primm is a state of the art sanctuary offering skin care, massages, spa body treatments and waxing services. For a little retail therapy, look no further than the Fashion Outlets of Las Vegas, featuring more than 100 name brand stores. Primm Valley also offers fabulous restaurants including GP's, Back Nine, The Country Club Buffet and quick bites at Primm Pizza, Primm Ice Cream and Coffee Corner.
Lakeside Hotel Casino777 Casino Drive, Osceola, IA 50213  (Get Directons)☎ (641) 342-9511LakesideHotelCasino.comHOTEL RESERVATIONS:☎ (641) 342-9511Book OnlinePhotosFollow @LakesideCasinoLakeside Hotel Casino is always your good time getaway. Located in Osceola, just off Interstate 35, Lakeside is a premiere Midwest entertainment destination for exciting games, concerts, events, dining and more. With over 600 slots and table games, you are sure to find just what you are looking for on our two level casino floor. If relaxation is more your thing, book a stay in the Lakeside Hotel overlooking beautiful West Lake. Enjoy a swim in our pool or take a soak in our Jacuzzi. Visit Heartland Buffet for one of our nightly specialty buffets or pick one of your favorites off the menu. If you are visiting in an RV, pull into one of our nearly 50 spacious sites featuring water, power, Wi-Fi, and cable TV, adjacent to the casino. While you are here, you will also want to stop by the Gift Shop for an opportunity to leave with a little extra Midwest flair.
Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino4100 Paradise Rd., Las Vegas, NV 89169  (Get Directons)☎ (702) 733-7000SilverSevensCasino.comHOTEL RESERVATIONS:☎ (702) 733-7000Book OnlinePhotosFollow @SilverSevensLVSilver Sevens Hotel & Casino is the destination for real Las Vegas fun. Located on the corner of Flamingo and Paradise, Silver Sevens puts guests in the heart of the action, just minutes from McCarran International Airport and the Las Vegas Strip. With over 800 interactive casino games, a full array of live table games including live poker, bingo and a William Hill Race & Sports Book, Silver Sevens has everything that real players want. Enjoy delicious dining specialties at the S7 Buffet and The Sterling Spoon Café or savor indulgent steaks and seafood in The Sevens Steakhouse. Accommodations include more than 300 hotel rooms, a sparkling swimming pool, and a 24-hour fitness center.
Affinity Gaming3755 Breakthrough Way #300, Las Vegas, NV 89135  (Get Directons)☎ (702) 341-2400AffinityGaming.comPhotosLocated in the heart of the entertainment and gaming capital of the world, Las Vegas, Nevada, Affinity Gaming is more than just another gaming company. We are a personable, loyal, and friendly company that shares a connection with each of our customers. Every employee at Affinity Gaming is committed to enhancing our guests' satisfaction by building upon our relationships and offering high-quality service at a reasonable price. Visit any of our 11 properties (five in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri, and one in Iowa) to experience our dedication to delivering a value-oriented product in a convenient, welcoming, and casual atmosphere. You may just find yourself visiting us again and again. It's only natural for Affinity Gaming. 



 
 






Contact Us
FAQs

Vendors
Privacy Policy

















©2017 Affinity Gaming - Z Capital Portfolio Company
3755 Breakthrough Way #300, Las Vegas, NV 89135 
				  |   
				(702) 341-2400













Affinity Gaming | My Affinity Gaming OFFICIAL WEBSITE














































 

About Affinity Gaming
Located in the heart of the entertainment and gaming capital of the world, Las Vegas, Nevada, Affinity Gaming is more than just another gaming company. We are a personable, loyal, and friendly company that shares a connection with each of our customers. Every employee at Affinity Gaming is committed to enhancing our guests' satisfaction by building upon our relationships and offering high-quality service at a reasonable price. Visit any of our 11 properties (five in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri, and one in Iowa) to experience our dedication to delivering a value-oriented product in a convenient, welcoming, and casual atmosphere. You may just find yourself visiting us again and again. It's only natural for Affinity Gaming.
Browse our properties...

 



















 removing footer entirely
			













		© 2017 Affinity Gaming. All rights reserved. 

    













Home - Affinity Gamerooms










































 



















Toggle SlidingBar Area







Order Today | 877-691-GAME|info@affinitygamerooms.com 



 























Distinctive College Team Furniture


 























 






Loading...







Manufactured by Olhausen Billiards 



Made in the USA 











Furniture Quality Game TablesBuilt to Last a Lifetime 











Show Your School Pride 



Affordable Prices 











One Source for All Your Gameroom Needs 











Wide Range of Quality Products 



Let Us Put our Experience to Work for YOU! 















			Home		


Affinity Gamerooms 


			2017-07-07T14:14:09+00:00		



Products
College Branded Show Your Pride




Custom Design
Innovative, Branded Gameroom Designs




Commercial
Student Unions, Dorms Athletic Centers




Show your school pride with college game room products from Affinity Game Rooms. We proudly offer a full line of logo game room tables and accessories for residential use. Our product offering features college pool tables as well as shuffleboard, foosball and air powered hockey tables.




Be sure to check our other college logo products– bar stools, pub tables, pool table cloth, table covers, lamps, cue racks, dart cabinets, cue sticks and balls.
All residential Affinity products are offered under licensing arrangements with Wave 7 Technologies.






 
 

 
 
 
 



















Z Capital to buy casino gaming company Affinity Gaming - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Z Capital to buy casino gaming company Affinity Gaming


August 23, 2016
By Iris Dorbian






Z Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Las Vegas-based casino gaming operator Affinity Gaming for $17.35 per share in cash, putting it at a valuation of about $580 million. Citizen Bank N.A. provided $465 million in debt funding to Z Capital to support the transaction. The deal is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017.
PRESS RELEASE
NEW YORK, August 23, 2016 — Z Capital Partners, L.L.C. (“Z Capital”), the private equity management arm of Z Capital Group, L.L.C., a leading global alternative investment manager focused on opportunistic, value-oriented private equity and credit funds, and Affinity Gaming (“Affinity”), a diversified casino gaming operator, today announced that affiliates of Z Capital and Affinity have entered into a definitive agreement for such affiliates of Z Capital to acquire Affinity in an all-cash transaction that values Affinity at approximately $580 million.
Under the terms of the agreement, Z Capital and its affiliates, which currently own approximately 41 percent of Affinity’s outstanding shares, will purchase Affinity’s remaining outstanding shares for $17.35 per share in cash. Z Capital has received a debt financing commitment in the amount of $465 million from Citizens Bank, N.A.
“We are pleased to enter into the agreement to purchase Affinity and transition from the largest shareholder to sole controlling shareholder,” said James Zenni, President and Chief Executive Officer of Z Capital and a member of the Affinity Board of Directors since 2014. “Affinity brings a compelling offer to consumers by providing high quality entertainment at affordable prices in attractive markets, and I am confident that Z Capital is uniquely positioned to grow the business for years to come. We look forward to leveraging our broad expertise across the hospitality, restaurant, retail and consumer sectors to help Affinity continue to expand, while driving profitability through operating improvements and enhanced efficiencies.” 





Affinity’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) formed a special committee of independent directors (the “Special Committee”) after receiving a nonbinding proposal from Z Capital in which Z Capital proposed to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Affinity that are not already owned by Z Capital and its affiliates for $15.00 per share in cash.
The Special Committee was authorized to review Z Capital’s proposal, as well as other proposals or strategic alternatives that may be available to the Company. On August 9, 2016, Z Capital increased its proposal from $15.00 to $17.35 per share in cash. After evaluating the new proposal and its material terms, the Special Committee concluded that the transaction with Z Capital is advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Affinity and its stockholders (other than Z Capital and its affiliates). The Board, acting upon the recommendation of the Special Committee, approved the transaction and has recommended that the Company’s stockholders vote to approve the transaction.
“I am pleased to announce this agreement, as it delivers significant value to Affinity’s shareholders,” said David Reganato, Chairman of the Board and the Special Committee. “Today’s announcement is the result of a comprehensive process in which the Special Committee, with the assistance of its outside advisors, carefully considered strategic alternatives for our shareholders. In connection with this process, affiliates of Z Capital made a definitive offer to acquire Affinity.” 





Founded in 2010 and headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, Affinity offers accessible, value-oriented casino entertainment in a welcoming and casual atmosphere. It currently has 11 locations in key markets across Nevada, Colorado, Missouri and Iowa.
The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, subject to the approval by Affinity shareholders, regulatory approvals, including by gaming regulators in the four states in which Affinity is licensed, expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, and other customary closing conditions. As of August 22, 2016, shareholders representing approximately 69% of Affinity’s outstanding shares have entered into voting agreements in support of the transaction.
Sidley Austin LLP served as Z Capital’s legal advisor. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. as acted as the Special Committee’s financial advisor and Morrison & Foerster LLP served as its legal advisor.
About Z Capital Partners
Z Capital Partners, L.L.C. is the private equity management arm of Z Capital Group, L.L.C, a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $2.2 billion of regulatory assets under management with offices in New York, NY; Lake Forest, IL; and Zurich, Switzerland. Z Capital Group manages opportunistic, value-oriented private equity and credit funds. Its investors include prominent global sovereign wealth funds, endowments, pension funds, insurance companies, foundations, family offices, and other institutions in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East. For more information, please visit www.zcapgroup.net. 





About Affinity Gaming
Affinity Gaming is a diversified casino gaming company headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Company’s casino operations consist of 11 casinos, five of which are located in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri and one in Iowa. For more information about Affinity Gaming, please visit its website: www.affinitygaming.com.
 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 





























 





























Affinity Gaming taps CRM product from Marketing Results











































Home » Affinity Gaming taps CRM product from Marketing Results

Gaming Industry News
Affinity Gaming taps CRM product from Marketing Results



January 12, 2012



        Reprints
      



        No Comments
      





Looking to read the full article? Register for free today!





Your Email:




Already a Member? Login.
Privacy Policy




Related Articles

Affinity Gaming concentrates on smarter marketing and more efficient operations


Wheeling Island Casino turns to AIM to meet CRM needs


Affinity Gaming selects Duetto's GameChanger Solution


Station Casinos taps table game products from DEQ



Related Products

Introduction to Casino and Gaming Operations, 2/e


The Essentials of Casino Game Design


Mathematics in Games, Sports, and Gambling: - The Games People Play


Casino Security and Gaming Surveillance



Related Events

Raving’s 20th National Indian Gaming Analytics & Marketing Conference


Balkan Gaming & Entertainment Expo


Eastern European Gaming Summit


Global Gaming Expo (G2E)



Related Directories

Eclipse Gaming


Rymax Marketing Services Inc.


Southern California Gaming Guide


Patriot Gaming & Electronics Inc.









Subscribe For Free!













More Videos







	 










Events

October 3, 2017
Global Gaming Expo (G2E)
G2E is the place to conduct business, connect with peers and learn cutting-edge ways to become a better gaming professional. It offers a 360-degree view of the industry from slots and table games to igaming and food, beverage, and hospitality.


November 14, 2017
2017 Table Games Conference
Join serious table game executives from across the country that are sick and tired of rules, procedures and attitudes that ultimately lose customers and erode the table game business.


View All
Submit An Event




Poll
Marketing GameChangers Awards 2017

Help us choose the Marketing GameChanger of 2017!



Actual vs Theoretical (AvT)



FULLREACH



Oasis Loyalty



PlayerMax



Power Loyalty



SSNAPP



TournEvent® 4.3



Zero Rings™







Poll Archive


Products






The Math of Player Development


	A must have for anyone involved in player development and customer service.


See More Products














Casino Journal





2017 July
In this issue of Casino Journal, read profiles from this year's CMTC, take a tour around the newly renovated Choctaw Casino Resort- Durant, and much more!
View More
Subscribe




Slot Management & Marketing





2017 July/August
In this issue of Slot Management & Marketing, we take a look at some of the newest games, bonus technology, the latest news in slot machines, and much more!
View More
Subscribe





Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media.
Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing



















Affinity Gaming                                                                                                          - Las Vegas                                         , NV         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NV



Las Vegas



Hotels and Motels



Casino Hotel



                            Affinity Gaming
                                    



 





















A 


Affinity Gaming                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3755 BREAKTHROUGH WAY # 300 LAS VEGAS, NV 89135
Get Directions



(702) 341-2400
www.affinitygamingllc.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated NV
 Annual Revenue $393,300,000.00
 Employee Count 62
 Industries Casino Hotel
 Contacts Michael Silberling                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Affinity Gaming                                                                                                          was founded in 2010, and is located at 3755 Breakthrough Way # 300 in Las Vegas. Additional information is available at www.affinitygamingllc.com                                                                                or by contacting Michael Silberling                                                                                                       at (702) 341-2400. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Director of Player Development job with Affinity Gaming | 529099












































Skip to main content























Skip to main menu





Skip to user menu



































Director of Player Development






    Employer
    

Affinity Gaming




				Salary
			

Competitive




			Posted
		

Jul 23, 2017




				Closes
			

				Aug 20, 2017
			



						Sector
					

Conferences & Events




						Role
					

Executive / Senior Management




						Job Type
					

Permanent




						Hours
					

Full Time













Send








Save

You need to sign in or create an account to save



 Apply 




						We Build Winners!  Want To Join?  Headquartered in Las Vegas, we are a personable, loyal, and friendly company that shares a connection with each of our customers and employees. Every employee at Affinity Gaming is committed to enhancing our guests' satisfaction by building upon our relationships and offering high-quality service at a reasonable price. With 11 properties (five in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri, and one in Iowa) we are dedicated to delivering a value-oriented product in a convenient, welcoming, and casual atmosphere.  The Director of Player Development maintains close ties with targeted players through personal contact to generate designated incremental gaming revenues.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  * Maintains relationships and markets our gaming product and amenities to valued guests and develops new business relationships.  * Greets guests in the casino and participates in social events and special promotions.  * Evaluates player ratings to track visits, arranges accommodations and provides complimentaries according to established guidelines.  * Effectively handles guest complaints and discrepancies in an efficient and courteous manner.  * Provides special services to include food and beverage, transportation, cross-property events and Players Club programs.  * Achieves predetermined targeted production quotas, profitability goals and other goals provided by management for room occupancy, entertainment events, special events and gaming revenue.  * Responsible for marketing to predetermined active and inactive customers by mail and phone to further develop brand loyalty and visitation to the casino and reports results of each.  * Maintains up-to-date knowledge of all electronic gaming machines, player tracking systems, promotions, events, entertainment and general property information.  * Safeguards the confidential nature of departmental and general property records.  * Understands the competitive environment and can promote and explain the benefit features of the A-Play club.  * Understands how casinos make money and appreciates the impact of their own work on profits.  * Maintains an open line of communication with Supervisors and Managers concerning all Guest Service related issues.  * Other related duties as assigned.  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:  Six to eight years years of progressive experience in Casino Marketing.  LICENSES, CERTIFICATIONS OR REGISTRATIONS:  Will be required to obtain Nevada Gaming Control Board Registration and Alcohol Awareness card.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS INCLUDE:  Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, PTO, Employee Discount Network, Meals, Celebrations, Awards and more....  DISCLAIMER:  This job posting is intended to describe the general nature of this position. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. Employee benefits may vary by location, position, length of service and employment status.  Final candidates will be required to complete a drug test and background check. Many positions will require a state gaming license. Affinity Gaming is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, or marital status.Posted by StartWire




Share




Facebook


Twitter


LinkedIn


Google+







 Apply 



More jobs like this

Executive / Senior Management jobs in Conferences & Events











































Send



 Apply 







Save

You need to sign in or create an account to save

















Affinity Gaming Finance Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























affinity gaming finance corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Gaming, Lodging & Restaurants
Sub-Industry: Lodging
Affinity Gaming Finance Corp. was founded in 2010. The company's line of business includes operating public hotels and motels.




Corporate Information
Address:

3755 Breakthrough Way
Las Vegas, NV 89135
United States


Phone:
1-702-341-2400


Fax:
1-702-889-7691


Web url:
www.herbstgaming.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Director of Player Development - Affinity Gaming Careers































				☰
			
















Jobs




Help




TOUR OUR PROPERTIES









Sign up


Sign in
























				Director of Player Development
			



New



🔍
					Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas, NV
				







📁
Player Development



📅




6 days ago Post Date



📅




2 Total Views






Apply for Job



















Touring the Affinity Gaming Properties


About Affinity Gaming®
Located in the heart of the entertainment and gaming capital of the world, Las Vegas, Nevada, Affinity Gaming is more than just another gaming company. We are a personable, loyal, and friendly company that shares a connection with each of our customers. Every employee at Affinity Gaming is committed to enhancing our guests' satisfaction by building upon our relationships and offering high-quality service at a reasonable price. Visit any of our 11 properties (five in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri, and one in Iowa) to experience our dedication to delivering a value-oriented product in a convenient, welcoming, and casual atmosphere. You may just find yourself visiting us again and again. It's only natural for Affinity Gaming.









We Build Winners! Want To Join? Headquartered in Las Vegas, we are a personable, loyal, and friendly company that shares a connection with each of our customers and employees. Every employee at Affinity Gaming is committed to enhancing our guests' satisfaction by building upon our relationships and offering high-quality service at a reasonable price. With 11 properties (five in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri, and one in Iowa) we are dedicated to delivering a value-oriented product in a convenient, welcoming, and casual atmosphere.     The Director of Player Development maintains close ties with targeted players through personal contact to generate designated incremental gaming revenues.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Maintains relationships and markets our gaming product and amenities to valued guests and develops new business relationships.  Greets guests in the casino and participates in social events and special promotions.  Evaluates player ratings to track visits, arranges accommodations and provides complimentaries according to established guidelines.  Effectively handles guest complaints and discrepancies in an efficient and courteous manner.  Provides special services to include food and beverage, transportation, cross-property events and Players Club programs.  Achieves predetermined targeted production quotas, profitability goals and other goals provided by management for room occupancy, entertainment events, special events and gaming revenue.  Responsible for marketing to predetermined active and inactive customers by mail and phone to further develop brand loyalty and visitation to the casino and reports results of each.  Maintains up-to-date knowledge of all electronic gaming machines, player tracking systems, promotions, events, entertainment and general property information.  Safeguards the confidential nature of departmental and general property records.  Understands the competitive environment and can promote and explain the benefit features of the A-Play club.  Understands how casinos make money and appreciates the impact of their own work on profits.  Maintains an open line of communication with Supervisors and Managers concerning all Guest Service related issues.  Other related duties as assigned.   EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: Six to eight years years of progressive experience in Casino Marketing.  LICENSES, CERTIFICATIONS OR REGISTRATIONS: Will be required to obtain Nevada Gaming Control Board Registration and Alcohol Awareness card.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS INCLUDE:  Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, PTO, Employee Discount Network, Meals, Celebrations, Awards and more.... DISCLAIMER: This job posting is intended to describe the general nature of this position.  It is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. Employee benefits may vary by location, position, length of service and employment status.  Final candidates will be required to complete a drug test and background check.  Many positions will require a state gaming license. Affinity Gaming is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, or marital status.   









































Activity Feed


816


			Job shares through Affinity Gaming
		





								Someone applied to the Housekeeping Mardi Gras/Golden Gates Casino position.
5 hours ago









								Someone applied to the Cook - Rail City Casino position.
7 hours ago









								Someone applied to the Housekeeping Guest Room Attendant position.
8 hours ago









								Someone applied to the Guest Service Represenative - St. Jo Frontier Casino position.
10 hours ago









								Someone applied to the Corporate Manager of Analytics position.
23 hours ago















Similar Listings




Manager of Player Development


 Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas, NV
📁 Player Development


Post Date:
Jul 06, 2017






















Jobs




Help




Sitemap




TOUR OUR PROPERTIES





					©  Affinity Gaming . All rights reserved.
				

































0
0
1
AIzaSyCZ-n9dieTMC3flvC4X0E1il3l8rg9zQz8






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












affinity gaming - Gamer.Site - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Affinity Gaming Jobs - One Search. All Jobs.



Ad
 ·
indeed.com



One Search. All Jobs. Find Your New Job Today. Indeed™





Receive Daily Job Alerts



Post A Job




Post Your Resume



Search Resumes





Infinity Gaming - Search for Infinity Gaming. | gamer.site



Ad
 ·
www.gamer.site/​Infinity Gaming



Discover Online Games, Tips, Reviews & Cheat Codes for All Gaming Platforms!




Infinity Massage Chairs - Black Friday Sale.



Ad
 ·
www.bedplanet.com/​Infinity-Chairs



Black Friday Sale. Free Shipping Infinity Massage Chairs Today!





Black Friday Sale



Financing Options





Affinity Gaming - LookSmart - Results for Affinity Gaming.



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Affinity Gaming



Results for Affinity Gaming. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results





Searches related toaffinity gaming



affinity gaming employment in primm


affinity gaming casinos


z capital partners


who owns affinity gaming



affinity gaming properties


affinity gaming primm nevada careers


affinity gaming intranet


american casino & entertainment prope...




Web Results

Affinity Gaming - Official Site

www.affinitygaming.com


We are dedicated to providing a superior experience for the gambler that values a WELCOMING environment with a focus on: GREAT SLOTS, SATISFYING FOOD & THE UTMOST FUN.



About Us



Investor Relations



Contact Us



Vendor Information



In The News



Affinity Gaming Careers - Jobs

https://affgmg.tss01.tbe.taleo.net


My company has a lot of open positions! If you are interested, click this link. If you apply to a job, you will be treated as a referral from me.


Affinity Gaming - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affinity_Gaming


Affinity Gaming, formerly known as Herbst Gaming, is a casino operator based in Paradise, Nevada that operates five casinos in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in ...


Affinity Gaming, owner of Silver Sevens, sold to private ...

https://www.reviewjournal.com/business/casinos-gaming/affinity...


Las Vegas-based Affinity Gaming, owner of 11 casinos, with five in Nevada that include the Silver Sevens and three Primm properties, has been sold to a New York ...


Affinity Gaming Jobs, Employment | Indeed.com

www.indeed.com/q-Affinity-Gaming-jobs.html


210 Affinity Gaming Jobs available on Indeed.com. one search. all jobs.


Home | My Affinity Gaming OFFICIAL WEBSITE

myaffinitygaming.com


Today marks a new milestone in the Affinity Gaming story! Z Capital Group has completed the purchase of all the remaining shares of Affinity Gaming.


Affinity Gaming: Private Company Information - Bloomberg

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Affinity Gaming company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Affinity Gaming A-Play Connect

aplayconnect.com


No purchase is necessary. By downloading this application, you confirm that you are at least 21 years of age and that it will be used in accordance with the laws of ...


Affinity Gaming Company Profile | Owler

https://www.owler.com/iaApp/695556/affinity-gaming-company-profile


Affinity Gaming's estimated annual revenue is $10M and Michael Silberling is the current CEO. They have raised $375M in funding. Check out Affinity Gaming's profile ...


Play4Fun | A-Play Connect

https://aplay.play4funnetwork.com


Congratulations, you have received an additional credits! Please remember your password – because you will need it to log in to A-Play Connect.










Affinity Gaming Jobs - One Search. All Jobs.



Ad
 ·
indeed.com



One Search. All Jobs. Find Your New Job Today. Indeed™





Receive Daily Job Alerts



Post A Job




Post Your Resume



Search Resumes





Infinity Gaming - Search for Infinity Gaming. | gamer.site



Ad
 ·
www.gamer.site/​Infinity Gaming



Discover Online Games, Tips, Reviews & Cheat Codes for All Gaming Platforms!




Infinity Massage Chairs - Black Friday Sale.



Ad
 ·
www.bedplanet.com/​Infinity-Chairs



Black Friday Sale. Free Shipping Infinity Massage Chairs Today!





Black Friday Sale



Financing Options





Affinity Gaming - LookSmart - Results for Affinity Gaming.



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Affinity Gaming



Results for Affinity Gaming. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results




Searches related toaffinity gaming



affinity gaming employment in primm


affinity gaming casinos


z capital partners


who owns affinity gaming



affinity gaming properties


affinity gaming primm nevada careers


affinity gaming intranet


american casino & entertainment prope...




12345Next






Answers







Affinity Gaming



Affinity Gaming, formerly known as Herbst Gaming, is a casino operator based in Paradise, Nevada that operates five casinos in Nevada, three in...

more






Certain Affinity



Certain Affinity is an American video game development studio based in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 2006 by Max Hoberman and a small number of...

more






Mark Twain Casino



Mark Twain Casino and RV Park is a casino located in LaGrange, Missouri owned by Affinity Gaming. LaGrange is in Northeast Missouri and sits on the...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








