

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





 SECGems: Ailanthus Capital Partners (QP), Ltd. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Ailanthus Capital Partners (QP), Ltd. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
1













	 
	
	 C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
	 
	  BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
	
	   GRAND CAYMAN, 
	   E9, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 CAYMAN ISLANDS
		
	
	   212-739-0488    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-12-28Ailanthus Capital Partners (QP), Ltd.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001692219
State of Incorporation
E9
Country of Incorporation
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Fiscal year end
1231










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Cary Marr


1




 Genevieve Kahr


1




 Karl O'Reilly


1







 








db
 
 













































Ailanthus Capital Partners (QP), Ltd. - Pooled Investment Fund- Kahr  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Ailanthus Capital Partners (QP), Ltd.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Maples Corporate Services Limited Box 309, Ugland House 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1104Phone: 212-698-4731 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-28


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Genevieve Kahr 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 Cary Marr 
 Director 


 Karl O'reilly 
 Director 












Ailanthus, Ltd.                                                                                                          - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Piece Goods and Notions



Piece Goods And Other Fabrics



                            Ailanthus, Ltd.
                                    



 





















A 


Ailanthus, Ltd.                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 DESIGN CENTER PL # 434 BOSTON, MA 02210
Get Directions



(617) 482-5605
www.ailanthusltd.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1977
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,006,547.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Piece Goods And Other Fabrics
 Contacts Antonietta Galeno                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ailanthus, Ltd.                                                                                                          is located at 1 Design Center Pl # 434 in Boston and has been in the business of Piece Goods And Other Fabrics since 1977. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Ailanthus Altissima, S.l - Supplier | Colombia | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Ailanthus Altissima, S.l

Ailanthus Altissima Sl is an overseas supplier in Espana that exports products to Priscila Lab S A S. Transportation Type Terrestre.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Ailanthus Altissima, S.l and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 CRODA ARGENTINA                            

 KADANT SOUTH AMERICA LTDA                            

 CI  VERDEFRESH  S A S                            

 QINGHE YONGXING INDUSTRIAL CO., LTD                            

 SOLUCIONES VERDES DE COLOMBIA  S.A.S.                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Ailanthus Altissima, S.l
Ailanthus Altissima Sl is an overseas supplier in Espana that exports products to Priscila Lab S A S. Transportation Type Terrestre.


            Bill of Lading        





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



Ailanthus Altissima Sl
ENRIC GRANADOS, 46 08008


Priscila Lab S A S
CR 4 74 A 45 TO 2 AP 903



Acquisition
Destination



Espana


Colombia



Product Description





                                        DO 2-0249-16 DECLARACION(1-8) NOS ACOGEMOS AL DECRETO 456 DE FEBRERO DE 2014 POR EL CUAL S                                    

                                        DO 2-0249-16 DECLARACION(1-8) NOS ACOGEMOS AL DECRETO 456 DE FEBRERO DE 2014 POR EL CUAL S                                    





Other Information Available




Gross Weight (KG), FOB (USD), Insurance (USD), Freight (USD), CIF (USD), Brand ID, Operation Type








Arrival Date2016-03-29Transportation TypeTerrestreHS Code6206300000CustomsSanta Fe de BogotaQuantity / Unit15.00/U 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Ailanthus Altissima, S.l Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Ailanthus Altissima, S.l clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Ailanthus Altissima, S.l










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Ailanthus Altissima, S.l
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 21,508,010 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Panjimas Textile                                



                                    S.j. 2000 S.a.                                



                                    Puppies On Line Llc                                



                                    Comercializadora Trivino Y Garcia S A S                                



                                    Jorge Andres Henao Zambrano                                











                     
                                            21,508,010  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2748
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X


















 2016 Sohn Investment Conference Live Blog: Session 1













































         Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers:
          
Google Chrome
 
Mozilla Firefox
 
Apple Safari
 
Microsoft
            Internet Explorer 8+ 
 
         You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not
         work correctly.
      













Follow us on: 















 

RealMoney

























Home
Asset ClassUS Equity
Global Equity & Income
Fixed Income
Commodities
Currencies
Specialty

SectorBasic Materials
Consumer Cyclicals
Consumer Staples
Energy
Financial Services
Healthcare
Industrials
Real Estate
Technology
Telecom Services
Transportation
Utilities

LatestArticles
Videos
Columnist Conversations

AuthorJim Cramer
Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre
Bruce Kamich
Brian Sozzi
Helene Meisler
Antonia Oprita
Jonathan Heller
Roger Arnold
Daniel Dicker
Chris Laudani
- See All -

Street NotesChange in Ratings

TheStreet
RMPIA
Switch toAction Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
TheStreet
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks

 









US Equity
                  | Financial Services



2016 Sohn Investment Conference Live Blog: Session 1



By
Real Money
Follow


         |        May 04, 2016 | 1:53 PM EDT            




Tweet

0Comment Email
 Print

TweetComment0

Stock quotes in this article: abbv, bkd, ozrk, h



Real Money's Carleton English and James Passeri will be keeping  readers up to date with the latest news from Wednesday's annual Sohn  Investment Conference, with the market outlook of some of Wall Street's  most influential investors.
Highlights from the morning's "Next Wave" segment included a presentation by David Rosen, a former investor with SAC Capital, on his firm's long position in Kraton Performance Polymers (KRA). Nick Danaher, founder of Domando Capital, and Precocity Capital's Nick Tiller presented their bull takes on TripAdvisor (TRIP) and Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.A), respectively. Meanwhile, Genevieve Kahr of Ailanthus Capital Management went short on inflight Internet provider Gogo (GOGO), citing mounting competitive headwinds, and characterizing the company as "a minnow swimming with sharks."
The first session of the New York conference kicks off at noon and will include Glenview  Capital's Larry Robbins, Muddy Waters Capital's Carson Block, and John  Khoury, founder of Long Pond Capital.
The second session, beginning at 1:55 p.m., will include Starboard  Value CEO Jeffrey Smith, VR Capital's Richard Deitz, Duquesne Family  Office's Stanley Druckenmiller, and DoubleLine Capital CEO Jeffrey  Gundlach.
The final round of speakers kicks off at 4 p.m. and includes  PointState Capital's Zachary Schreiber, Commonwealth Capital's Adam  Fisher, and David Einhorn, founder and president of Greenlight Capital.  And the day will wrap up with a presentation by Kynikos Associates'  James Chanos.
The Sohn Conference is often a hub of market-moving intelligence,  such as last year's presentation by David Einhorn, in which his bearish  take on the fracking industry helped send shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) into a 4% slide on the day.

12:36 p.m. ET

Robbins: Checking Up on Last Year's Picks

In his opening remarks, Larry Robbins of Glenview Capital Management warned that his presentation, which he entitled "Get a Grip," was not going to include anything actionable or tweetable. Instead, Robbins made the distinction between investors and traders and urged investors to stay the course, despite eight months of bumpy returns throughout the broader market.
Robbins also took a quick swipe at billionaire investor Warren Buffett and others who have been critical of hedge funds saying, "If you're going to criticize hedge funds for being short term, you can't criticize us for our short-term performance."
Despite Robbins' warning that his presentation wasn't going to be actionable, he revisited his choices at last year's Sohn conference: his long cases for AbbVie (ABBV), which is down 5% over the last year, and Brookdale Senior Living (BKD), which is down 48% over the same period. Despite the drops, he still believes there is tremendous opportunity in those plays, given the fundamentals of both companies. In fact, he says that entering at the depressed stock price makes the investment in both companies all the more compelling.
In the case of AbbVie, Robbins points out that the drugmaker was able to grow earnings 29%; the only thing that has gone wrong is the slight drop in the stock price. As for Brookdale, Robbins acknowledged difficulty in the industry and changes to management but says the fundamentals are sound and do not merit the 50% drop in stock price.
Despite a difficult environment, Robbins offers the following advice to investors: "What's the lesson? Just hang on tight."

12:43 p.m. ET

Block Is Short Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK)

Shares of Bank of the Ozarks are falling in midday trading after Muddy Water's Carson Block stepped up at Sohn and revealed his fund's short position in the company.
"It is cracking right now ... their balance sheet is under severe pressure," Block says, highlighting the bank's difficulties in funding its rapidly expanding loan book. "They are getting pushed into making bigger and bigger acquisitions," he adds. "The other scary part of this model is the loan book itself."
According to Muddy Waters, the Little Rock, Ark., bank has 35% of its loan portfolio in construction loans, which are "really risky," Block says, as developers have a habit of drawing excessive cash and leaving banks with unfinished projects.
This is especially true because the bank's loan-to-value projections on its construction lending are inordinately weighted on finished projects and not "bets," which often do not require personal guarantees from contractors, Block says.
Ozarks may also be running into a headwind with Basel III regulations in how it weights its risk-to-value metrics in estimates to investors, Block says.
"It's getting harder for them to grow earnings," he said. "Funding costs have gone up," forcing the company to pay about 2x the book value of banks that it is acquiring to stave off the balance-sheet pressure of its expanding loan book, he says.
By Muddy Waters' estimates, Bank of the Ozarks has too great a lending concentration in real estate and construction and will be unable to adjust to its "unsustainable" earnings growth.

1:13 p.m. ET

Khoury Is High on Hyatt Hotels (H)

There's a lot of talk about the decline of the hotel industry as Airbnb continues to take travelers' dollars, but John Khoury of Long Pond Capital sees things differently. While some hotels may be on the decline, there is tremendous value elsewhere, which is why he spoke of the growth potential he sees in Hyatt Hotels. The stock, which currently trades in the $40s, could go as high $79, Khoury says.
Khoury refutes the notion that hotels are out of favor and points out that there is tremendous variability in the hotel space -- yet they all trade the same. Hyatt, Khoury says, has high-quality assets and represents the higher end of leisure of business travel, which should be well-insulated from threats from Airbnb. (Lower-quality hotels will not fare as well.) Also not hurting Hyatt It is significantly less levered -- by more than 60% -- than its low-end peers. (Khoury declined to name names on stage but said he'd be happy to talk about the weaker competition offstage.)
Looking to the fundamentals, Khoury points out that the company has grown EBITDA by 66% over the last six years. The company owns several trophy properties but it also gets revenue from third parties to be part of the Hyatt system. On this last point, Khoury invokes Warren Buffett, saying the ideal business is one that takes no capital and grows.
And if investors needed any other reason to invest in the hotel operator, Khoury points to the famed Pritzker family, which founded the hotel chain. Under their leadership, the company does not give guidance, which means that it is managed for the long term. Khoury also notes that the family has been buying back stock and that the public float of the company has decreased by 40%.

1:17 p.m. ET

Palihapitiya Gushes About Amazon (AMZN)

Venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya presents his bullish take on Amazon (AMZN), suggesting the ecommerce giant has formed somewhat of a monopolistic position in Silicon Valley as startups gravitate toward its many services.
Based largely on Amazon's proprietary cloud technology, Amazon Web Services, Palihapitiya says a "multi-trillion monopoly could be being overlooked" in CEO Jeff Bezos' sprawling empire.
The founder and CEO of Social Capital projects 17% a year in growth of units sold over next 10 years.
Meanwhile, Amazon Web Services, or AWS, essentially represents "a tax on the Internet," says Palihapitiya, because tech companies are becoming increasingly forced to use the cloud to compete with rivals.
"He is going to invent things," he says of Bezos' grasp on two so-called "monopoly customers": Amazon's retail shoppers and AWS clients. Bezos "has been telling us in as many ways possible that he is building the most durable company in the world," he says, emphasizing the CEO's revamping process is "just beginning."
"If you believe in the Internet, you have to believe in Amazon," he says in closing.


The conference went into intermission until the next session, which is scheduled to resume at 1:55 p.m. ET.
 Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article.



More From Real Money

Gold Shines as Safe Havens Come Back Into Fashion
South Africa Loses Image as Stock-Market Darling as Zuma Digs In
Gold Rallies on Syria Strike, but Jobs Report Is More Important


Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities.
Tags: sentiment | investment strategy | Conference | Sohn



 



Columnist Conversations





Gary Morrow:
      

Costco Firming Up 

      COST is beginning to firm up near the $150.00 area. The stock bottomed here at last December's lows before exp...    




Robert Lang:
      

Added some FCX 

      We like this move today on good turnover and strong option flow.
 
 BOUGHT FCX OCT 15 CALL AT 1.04    




Carolyn Boroden:
      

WFC daily chart 

       
 
  View Chart » 
  View in New Window »  So far we are holding key support in this one.  Target...    




Gary Morrow:
      

General Dynamics at New Highs Ahead of Earnings  

      Ahead of Wednesday's earnings report(pre open)GD is on its way to its best close of the year(new all time high...    


See all »
  











BEST IDEAS




SEE MORE»

 



REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS




SEE MORE»

 





News Breaks


Powered by






				See More »
			





BROKERAGE PARTNERS



























Select the service that's right for you!
COMPARE ALL SERVICES >>



Action Alerts PLUS




Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and the AAP Team reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade.
Product Features:

$2.5+ million portfolio
Large-cap and dividend focus
Intraday trade alerts from Cramer
Weekly roundups




Real Money Pro




All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. 
Product Features:

Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros
Intraday commentary and news
Ultra-actionable trading ideas




Trifecta Stocks




Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1%
                of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests.
Product Features:

Model portfolio
Trade alerts
Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks
Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks







Stocks Under $10




The SU10 Team uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar.
Product Features:

Model portfolio
Stocks trading below $10
Intraday trade alerts
Weekly roundups




Quant Ratings




Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500.
Product Features:

Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks
Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks
A custom stock screener
Upgrade/downgrade alerts




Top Stocks




With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks.
Product Features:

Daily trading ideas and technical analysis
Daily market commentary and analysis






 