




Airbitz





































                      Securing the Future of Blockchain Technology
                    







                Airbitz is a single-signon security platform for blockchain apps
            





Introducing Edge Login


The world’s first zero-knowledge single sign-on solution.





























Use the Airbitz wallet to login to decentralized blockchain apps with the scan of a barcode.
















Private keys are instantly created, encrypted, and backed up.
















No words to write down, no files to save, no data to encrypt. It all happens automatically, magically.










 Watch the full Edge-Login video
                    







                A Trustless & Private Security Platform
            







Edge Security to the Rescue
For decades, we've utilized the enterprise security model which centralizes valuable data with trusted custodians. Over and over, this model
                        has been proven to be flawed, with countless hacks, breakins, and thefts of consumer information and data.
Instead of relying on enterprise server security, Edge-Security encrypts data first the user's device before it ever touches a network or server. 
 A server-side hack yields nothing but fully encrypted, private data. A hack on a user’s device yields only the data of that one user vs millions of users. The incentive to attack the system is reduced by orders of magnitude.
Airbitz provides the world’s first edge security platform that allows developers to build apps that secure users’ data at "The Edge."













Automatic Backup

















Client-Side Encryption

















Multi-device synchronization



















One-Touch 2 Factor Authentication

















Password Recovery

















Revision Control / Rollback















                Developer SDK
            







Use Case
                        Utilize the Airbitz SDK to secure your blockchain application in just a few lines of code.
                        Users create an account and login to your app with an easy and familiar username and password. Current Airbitz Wallet users can simply scan a barcode.

                        Easy NPM install
npm install airbitz-core-js-ui --save
Initialize the library
var abcui = require('airbitz-core-js-ui')
var abcUiContext = abcui.makeABCUIContext({
    'apiKey': 'api-key-here',
    'accountType': 'account:repo:com.mydomain.myapp',
    'bundlePath': '/path-to-abcui/',
    'vendorName': 'My Awesome Project',
    'vendorImageUrl': 'https://mydomain.com/mylogo.jpg'
});
Open an overlay login window and get back a master private key once the user authenticates
abcUiContext.openLoginWindow(function( error, account ) {
  privateKey = account.repoInfo.dataKey.toString( 'base64' ) });











                Try Airbitz Today
            






                    Developers, check out our open source SDKs on Github:
                



 Javascript
                

 ObjC Mac/iOS
                

 Java / Android
                




 Airbitz Architecture Overview
                










                                See Edge Security in Action
                            


 
                                    Airbitz Mobile Wallet
                                












                    Press
                
                As seen in...
            






























































Airbitz







































                                Airbitz
                            

                                The easiest to use and easiest to secure bitcoin wallet.
                                Now securing private keys for other blockchain applications.













  Direct Download
                                    

















Secure Automatic client-side encryption ensures bitcoin keys are always encrypted and protected from malware.
                        








Private HD address rotation, decentralized access, & zero-knowledge encryption make Airbitz the #1 most private cross-platform wallet
                        








Decentralized
                            Connectivity to multiple public bitcoin nodes ensures wallets function even if Airbitz servers
                            are down.
                        


















Powerful
                            Bluetooth & NFC payments, transaction tagging, multiple wallets per account make the power users
                            happy.
                        









Intuitive
                            The familiarity of a username & password hides the complexity of cryptography and
                            synchronization
                        









Expandable
                            Edge Login, plugins, and the Airbitz SDK connect the mobile wallet to a suite of other blockchain applications
                        








                Expandable Plugin Architecture
            







                        Buy & Sell Bitcoin
                    






                        Mobile Phone Topups
                    








                        Discounted Gift Cards to Major Retailers
                    










                Add Your Own Plugins


 
                    Plugin API Documentation
                









                            Incredibly Rich Functionality and Features
                        





Zero-access to user funds or transaction data by Airbitz or other 3rd parties
Integrated buy/sell for US residents
Pay using Bluetooth (BLE) without needing QR codes
Fast Touch ID login on iPhones
Simple account creation using just a login & password (no printing of PDFs, writing down pass phrases, or adding encryption settings)
Automatic encrypted wallet backup to redundant peer-to-peer cloud servers
One-Touch 2-Factor Authentication for the easiest-to-secure wallet in the world
Quickly switch accounts with username drop down on login screens
Multi-device synchronization across all mobile devices
Simple password recovery capability
Hierarchical Deterministic wallets with changing addresses per transaction
Multiple wallets per account with simple user defined wallet names (ie. “Vacation Fund”)
Support for over 140 currency exchange rates
Search transactions by payee, category, or notes
Configurable mining fees per transaction




Pay to QR code from photo album
Built in calculator for easy conversions
Merchant Mode enabling easy and fluid UI behind the counter
Partial payment detection creates a new QR code payment request with remaining balance 
Configurable daily spending limits (require password to spend above limit)
Configurable PIN-requiring spending limits
Quick 2-tap UI to transfer funds between wallets
Import (sweep) funds from WIF or Casascius private keys
Decentralized server architecture. Wallets work even if Airbitz servers are down.
Integration with the Airbitz Business directory to auto-complete business information for transactions including business logo/photo
Integration with address book to auto-complete payee name and photo
Login to BitID supporting websites
BIP 70 Payment Protocol Support
Open-source code. Available on http://github.com/Airbitz














































Bitcoin Wallet Privacy and Security Blog | Airbitz


























































 




















 



Select Page


  
 
 










Bitcoin Wallet Privacy and Security
Airbitz is a mobile Bitcoin Wallet making high levels of privacy, security, and decentralization extremely familiar and usable to the masses.
Airbitz wallets are ALWAYS auto encrypted, backed up, and even function when Airbitz servers go down.
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
What are Bitcoin Mining Fees and Dust?
				
				What are Bitcoin Mining Fees and Dust? Introduction Just a few years ago, transaction fees were only a few pennies and could easily be confirmed in under an hour. In fact, the total transactions in a single day were less than 100,000 in 2014 when Airbitz had just...			
			 

 
 
 
Why a 12 Word Mnemonic is an Insecure Bitcoin Wallet Backup
				
				Rewind back to 2010 and the way Bitcoin wallets worked. Users had a wallet.dat file on their computer with their private keys on it. They could optionally add a password to encrypt it. They SHOULD back up the file in case they lost their computer, like this guy. Life...			
			 

Choose Your Node with the Airbitz Wallet
				
				As we had previously published a few weeks back, Airbitz takes the stance that we desire both of the two primary Bitcoin scaling solutions put forward by the industry, bigger blocks and Segwit + Lightning Networks. The unfortunate bitter battle, however, has put...			
			 

 
 
 
One-Touch 2-Factor Authentication(2FA): What is it and How do I set it up?
				
				Two-factor authentication (commonly known as 2FA) is a way of confirming a user’s identity by utilizing a combination of two different factors. An everyday example of this is using an ATM. When a person wishes to use an ATM they insert their card and are asked for...			
			 

 
 
 
Airbitz Partners with OpenLedger
				
				Airbitz is pleased to announce the addition of our newest partner, OpenLedger, to our growing ecosystem of blockchain projects using our battle tested Edge Security SDK. Based in Denmark, the OpenLedger Decentralized Conglomerate (DC), is the world’s first blockchain...			
			 

 
 
 
The Airbitz Wallet Integrates Bity!
Our latest release, v 2.4.1,  is now out in iOS and Android! This release includes an integration with Bity, an exchange out of Switzerland, that will enable Airbitz users to buy/sell bitcoin with Euros and Swiss Francs. Users will need a European bank account similar to how users need a US bank account to buy and sell bitcoin through our in-app partner, Glidera. Continue reading →
 

Airbitz Card Sweeping Instructions
				
				Airbitz Card Sweeping/Redemption Instructions 1 – Search, Download and Install Airbitz AppStore on iOS PlayStore on Android 2 – Tap on Sign up and Create your Airbitz account Create your Username, 4 Digit PIN, and Password 3 – Tap on Scan or Send to...			
			 

 
 
 
Our Latest Release: v 2.4.0
				
				Our latest release is now out on Android and iOS! We’ve included a new way to buy bitcoin through a service called LibertyX, which is the newest service utilizing our plug-in architecture. LibertyX is a bitcoin buy/sell service that directs users to local...			
			 

Airbitz and the Bitcoin Fork
				
				As many have heard, the Bitcoin community is engaged a major debate which could cause the bitcoin network to split into two currencies. As a decentralized currency, Bitcoin achieves consensus by hundreds of computers agreeing on a set of transaction rules. These...			
			 

 
 
 
CloudFlare/Cloudbleed and Airbitz
				
				As you may have heard, there was was recently a major flaw discovered within CloudFlare, a service used on many websites to improve web performance and protect against denial of service attacks. Airbitz does not utilize any of Cloudflare’s services and hence no...			
			 

 
 
 
Secure Against What?
				
				Lots of people use the word “secure” to describe technology, but the word “secure” is pointless by itself. Secure against what? Without naming the threat, you only have half the story. Over the past 4 years, we have seen some clear trends in the way people...			
			 

 
 
 
Blockfreight Partners with Airbitz
				
				We are excited to announce our partnership with Blockfreight™, a company based out of Victoria, Australia that will be bringing blockchain solutions to global freight. Blockfreight™ is an open network blockchain allowing stakeholders to have access to an advanced...			
			 

 
 
 
How do I buy Bitcoin?
				
				  Earlier this year bitcoin passed the $1,000 per coin mark ushering in positive press and a wave of new users looking to get their small piece of digital gold. For anyone new to bitcoin it can be quite daunting navigating this new and exciting crypto-world....			
			 

 
 
 
No Circle? No Problem. Enter the Kraken!
				
				Kraken, the renowned cryptocurrency exchange, has acquired our partner, Glidera! This means the rapid expansion of Glidera’s buy/sell service coverage from just 21 US states to now 49 US states, Canada, and soon others (sorry New York!). Click here to Download:...			
			 

 
 
 
Our Latest Release: Airbitz v2.3.3 w/ Android Fingerprint Support
				
				The newest version of Airbitz is out. We made some key enhancements and bug fixes, and we’re laying the groundwork for some major features and partnership announcements upcoming. Android users will especially appreciate this new version, with Fingerprint Login...			
			 

 
 
 
WINGS and Airbitz Team Up
				
				We’re extremely excited to announce our partnership with an innovative project called WINGS (wings.ai), a decentralized platform to create, join and manage decentralized autonomous organizations colloquially known as “DAOs”. WINGS will enable a new generation of...			
			 

 
 
 
Airbitz v2.3.0 with Edge Login and Equity Crowdfunding Update
				
				We are happy to announce our latest update to the Airbitz Wallet! We’ve included many improvements and fixes but the headline of v 2.3.0 is undoubtedly Edge Login which will serve as your zero knowledge Single Sign On to various blockchain applications. One Airbitz...			
			 

 
 
 
Crowdfunding Airbitz with Title III
				
				At Airbitz, we’re on a mission to put your information back into your hands. We’ve built a security model that protects users against the most common user errors, as well as the most common types of attacks. Our goal was to design a digital security experience that...			
			 

 
 
 
Airbitz v2.2.0 Introduces Password Recovery
				
				We’ve just broken ground by implementing the world’s first frictionless password recovery which lets users recover forgotten passwords with just 2 questions and an email. This new feature allows our users and Airbitz SDK-powered app users to easily recover...			
			 

 
 
 
Airbitz releases Plugin API and Bitrefill Partnership
				
				Hi everyone. We here at Airbitz are proud to announce our new wallet Plugin API. Now, other bitcoin service providers can easily develop fully integrated plugins for the Airbitz mobile app allowing Airbitz users super easy access to third party services. We’ve...			
			 
 
Page 1 of 612345...»Last »


 
 
 
 
 
 
 








































Bitcoin  in Current Location | Airbitz



























✖

Bitcoin Wallet & Map
Airbitz

INSTALL







Bitcoin Business Search Results
Search Results



←


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


→




3556 Total Results Found, 25 Shown on Map
        






Bitcoin ATM




ATM



 444 Castro St Ste 1200
                    
                    
                         
                        
 2.60mi
                            
                        



            
                The Bitcoin Teller Machine 
            
        








Sunnyvale Best Roofing




Home Improvement



 640 West California Avenue STE 290
                    
                    
                         
                        
 2.94mi
                            
                        



            
                Call Sunnyvale Best Roofing Today for all of your residential and commercial roofing needs! We're a locally owned and operated company that understands the roofing needs of residents and businesses in Sunnyvale, CA and the surrounding areas. If you're looking for a roofing contractor with experience, honesty and integrity, you've come to the right place. 
Looking to get your residential roof repaired? Need a quote on a custom roof for your own private palace? Whatever the job, Sunnyvale Best Roofing can help! We cut our teeth on providing Sunnyvale residents with the finest roofing work in town, and though we've expanded to commercial projects as well, securing the roof over your head at home is still our bread and butter. 

Or if a commercial roof for your restaurant, business or office building is in your plans, we'd love to discuss the project with you and submit a bid for the work. 

Whatever the job, be it large, small or anywhere in between, we can handle it and will guarantee our work and your satisfaction. 

For more information or to set up a site visit for a free, no-obligation quote, visit us on the web or call today. We look forward to hearing from you and earning your business.

            
        








Beepi




Automotive


Black Friday



 5050 El Camino Real Ste 116
                    
                    
                         
                        
 3.62mi
                            
                        



            
                It was about time...

The Internet has changed everything. Well, not quite. Buying and selling used cars, unfortunately, hasn't changed for decades. Now that painful world is waking up. It's going from sleepi to Beepi.

Beepi replaces the used car dealer and the used car lot with a system that connects buyers and sellers in a radical new way. No negotiating, no trips to the dealer, no surprises – and no commission to the guy with the plaid jacket. Which means a better price for everyone. 
            
        








Mac's Coins & Collectables




Gold & Silver Dealer



 380 Altair Way
                    
                    
                         
                        
 3.32mi
                            
                        



            
                Macs Coins is a coin store in Sunnyvale, California, USA. Serving the bay area  numismatic needs since  30 years.

Vast experience in Gold, Silver investment, knowledge in Numismatic coins makes this store a unique store in entire San francisco bay area.

We Buy gold coins, bars and jewelry and Sell gold, silver, precious metals and numismatic coins. check out our specials.

We accept BitCoins as a payment option now.
            
        








Divine Align Massage




Massage



 675 Blinn Ct
                    
                    
                         
                        
 3.63mi
                            
                        



            
                Nova Lee has been a practitioner of the physical arts for 20 years specializing in alignment and physical therapy. " In my experience I've seen two goals of massage, the feel good massage that does not effectively solve problems and the deep structural work that is effective but either painful or simply not relaxing. My work incorporates a multitude of modalities integrating relaxation and relief with therapeutic results."
            
        








Plug and Play Tech Center




Office Space


Venues & Event Spaces



 440 North Wolfe Rd
                    
                    
                         
                        
 3.94mi
                            
                        



            
                Plug and Play Tech Center is a global accelerator that specializes in growing tech startups. Headquartered in Sunnyvale California, Plug and Play’s network includes over 300 tech startups, 180 investors and a community of leading Universities and Corporate partners.
            
        








Coinsource Bitcoin ATM




ATM



 610 East Evelyn Avenue
                    
                    
                         
                        
 4.08mi
                            
                        



            
                Coinsource operates the largest network of Bitcoin ATMs across the US. Our machines are the easiest, fastest and most secure way to buy and sell bitcoin with cash. To see all of our locations, please visit us at www.coinsource.net/locations

Buy only

            
        








Evil Mad Scientists




Novelty


Shopping



 175 San Lazaro Ave
                    
                    
                         
                        
 4.27mi
                            
                        



            
                Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories is the blog and R&D arm of Evil Mad Science LLC, a family owned small business in California, designing and producing “DIY and open source hardware for art, education, and world domination.”

Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories strives to live up to its motto, “Making the World a Better Place, One Evil Mad Scientist at a time,” serving as a resource for budding evil mad scientists everywhere.

New projects are posted on most Wednesdays, and occasionally more often, as time permits.

Random acts of indiscriminate blogging on any topic may also occur at any time.
            
        








CoinOutlet




ATM



 3878 El Camino Real
                    
                    
                         
                        
 5.06mi
                            
                        



            
                For the past year, CoinOutlet has been working towards the goal of an easy to use, easy to configure, easy to afford, and easy to own crypto coin ATM. The CoinOutlet ATM realizes the culmination of that goal. By combining a durable and secure cabinet with state-of-the-art peripherals and software, CoinOutlet has earned a unique place in the Bitcoin ATM space.

CoinOutlet, Inc’s founders are Eric Grill and Richard Haber. They have accumulated over 40 years of experience in the financial software industry with a total of 7 years involved with Bitcoin specifically. CoinOutlet is proud to have a team of world-class professionals who are behind the successful growth of the company.
            
        








Transparent Fish Fund




Charity & Non-Profit



 445 S San Antonio Rd Ste 204
                    
                    
                         
                        
 4.96mi
                            
                        



            
                TFish Fund supports a network of credible nonprofits in East Asia. We help these small local NGOs grow, thrive and most importantly, achieve transparency.
            
        








Memory Dealers




Electronics



 3350 Scott Blvd Bldg 32
                    
                    
                         
                        
 5.62mi
                            
                        



            
                Memory Dealers offers the largest selection of discounted and custom transceivers, memory, and hardware. We design, manufacture, and market memory modules for use in Cisco, Sun, Juniper, PCs, laptops, and legacy devices.

Founded in 2000, our global headquarters is located in the heart of Silicon Valley, with offices in Korea and Japan. Our world-wide presence, friendly customer service and free technical support guarantees that we can offer solutions that fit your needs, no matter where you are located.
            
        








Clear Vision Optometry




Optical



 1296 Kifer Rd Ste 602
                    
                    
                         
                        
 5.66mi
                            
                        



            
                Welcome to CLEAR VISION OPTOMETRY!

We are pleased to welcome you to our practice. Our commitment is not just in meeting your expectations, but in exceeding them! Because we know how much your eye health and appearance can mean to the quality of your life, we are committed to excellence in servicing your complete eyecare needs.

For your convenience, a 24hr on-line appointment scheduling is available. For same-day appointments, please call 408-737-2020.
            
        








Red Door Movie Rental




Entertainment



 2123 El Camino Real
                    
                    
                         
                        
 6.28mi
                            
                        



            
                Independent video store in Palo Alto with over 30,000 hand-picked DVD selection
            
        








Mac Coins




Gold & Silver Dealer



 1049 E El Camino Real
                    
                    
                         
                        
 5.83mi
                            
                        



            
                Buy sell Gold Silver coins bars for investment needs, We are interested to buy gold and silver bullion. Sell gold, unwanted jewelry, indian jewelry, Paying highest in bay area for gold and silver. We sell gold coins, Silver, junk silver, 90% silver,  Store has been serving the Bay Area for over 13 years, specializing in selling & buying gold & silver bullion and rare collector coins. We also carry an assortment of coin supplies, holders. we match or exceed any CASH FOR GOLD store offers in entire bay area. serving sunnyvale, santa clara, san jose, fremont, burlingame, palo alto, redwood city, hayword, and entire San francisco bay area. 
            
        








Ocean Blue Sushi Club




Seafood


Restaurants & Food Trucks



 1010 East El Camino Real
                    
                    
                         
                        
 5.83mi
                            
                        



            
                Ocean Blue Sushi Club offers Sunnyvale and the surrounding area the very freshest sushi you'll find anywhere, as well as a great selection of hot Japanese and Korean dishes. 
            
        








AcademyX Computer Training




Computers


Educational



 2350 Mission College Blvd
                    
                    
                         
                        
 6.63mi
                            
                        



            
                AcademyX provides hands-on, instructor-led computer training at its branches across California. See our class schedules for San Francisco, Sacramento, San Jose, Los Angeles and San Diego. We offer:

Public enrollment classes
Customized group and 1-on-1 training at your site, our facilities, or online
3-month evening courses in Web Design and Web Marketing, and PHP/MySQL

Fun "pop-up" classes like the Bitcoin Workshop
            
        








German Silicon Valley Accelerator




Consulting Services



 710 University Ave
                    
                    
                         
                        
 7.20mi
                            
                        



            
                The German Silicon Valley Accelerator is a three to six month program to support select German startups in growing their ventures into internationally recognized and successful corporations. Each quarter, participating startup founders have the opportunity to work out of Silicon Valley. They are exposed to the fast paced and competitive international environment and dive into the spirit that makes Silicon Valley the world’s premier hotbed of innovation and startup success. Entrepreneurs benefit from a support and mentor program designed specifically to accelerate their growth. They connect with the local community and build their network and business in the US.
            
        








Curry Up Now




Restaurants & Food Trucks



 321 Hamilton Ave
                    
                    
                         
                        
 7.34mi
                            
                        



            
                INSPIRED BY THE INTOXICATING TASTES AND SMELLS OF INDIAN STREET FOOD, THE FOUNDERS OF CURRY UP NOW WERE CAPTIVATED WITH THE IDEA OF INTRODUCING THE BAY AREA STREETS TO THE CHERISHED DISHES OF THEIR CHILDHOOD. THAT DREAM SPARKED WHAT IS NOW THE CURRYUPNOW INDIAN FOOD TRUCK, THE FIRST INDIAN STREET FOOD TRUCK IN THE ENTIRE BAY AREA.
            
        








Coupa Cafe




Coffee & Tea



 538 Ramona
                    
                    
                         
                        
 7.41mi
                            
                        



            
                Located in a 1930’s historical building in Palo Alto, Coupa Cafe offers a warm and cozy environment to enjoy its exquisite single estate, certified organic and fair trade coffee from Venezuela. Aside from the coffee, Coupa Café is the exclusive representative in northern California of Chuao Chocolatier, and offers their delicious Chocolates, bonbons and truffles made from Venezuelan cacao. Coupa Café also offers traditional Venezuelan white cornmeal griddle cakes called “arepas”, filled with different savory products. 
            
        








Peace Pipe Smoke Shop




Tobacco



 3282 El Camino Real
                    
                    
                         
                        
 6.76mi
                            
                        



            
                Smoke Shop
            
        








Coinsource Bitcoin ATM




ATM



 3585 Benton Street
                    
                    
                         
                        
 6.66mi
                            
                        



            
                Coinsource operates the largest network of Bitcoin ATMs across the US. Our machines are the easiest, fastest and most secure way to buy and sell bitcoin with cash. To see all of our locations, please visit us at www.coinsource.net/locations

Buy only

            
        








Coin Cloud




ATM



 68 Willow Road
                    
                    
                         
                        
 7.86mi
                            
                        



            
                Coin Cloud is the trusted bitcoin trading company pioneering compliance and ease of use for bitcoin. We are operate as a licensed Money Service Business under FINCEN/BSA regulations.

Call for hours
            
        








Corinthian Ground Transportation




Shuttle & Taxi



 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd Ste 126
                    
                    
                         
                        
 7.06mi
                            
                        



            
                Corinthian Ground Transportation is a full service transportation company with solutions for all your ground transportation needs. 

Corinthian Ground Transportation has the perfect vehicle for any occasion.  Stretch limousines with elegant interiors will have the party started as soon as you step on board.  We offer many stretch options, including town cars, Escalades, SUV’s as well as the ever popular H2 Hummer.  For larger groups, try one of Corinthian’s party busses, which come fully equipped with club lighting, flat panel televisions and stereos with auxiliary input jacks.

For your corporate transportation needs, Corinthian provides town car service for everything from airport transfers to executive transportation.  As a value added benefit, you can include Corinthian’s employee transportation to shuttle your employees from mass transit locations to your campus. Shuttle service is also available for any corporate event.
            
        








Everybody Can Swim




Gym



 501 Laurel St
                    
                    
                         
                        
 8.51mi
                            
                        



            
                Choose an experienced instructor to travel to your home in the Atherton/Menlo area. I also teach at Burgess Pool in Menlo Park and if you don't live in Atherton/Menlo or don't have your own pool.  
 
I teach children and adults at every level of experience and comfort. My students range from 6 months old to adults in all stages of life.  I have come to know by experience that everybody can swim.  It just takes the right teacher.
 
I love teaching children with fear or special challenges.  I also love teaching adults who have never learned how to swim and have a lot to conquer.  For me, every student is "special needs" because I teach to their unique and individual needs and according to what works best. I am totally focused on their success and I know when to be patient and when to push for progress.
 
Call or email today and we can work out a plan that best fits your needs.  We will talk about goals and logistics and that will help us work out the frequency and duration of your lessons.
            
        








Shiok Singapore Kitchen




Restaurants & Food Trucks



 1137 Chestnut St
                    
                    
                         
                        
 9.12mi
                            
                        



            
                Come join us at our Peranakan (Nonya) kitchen. Sit down, relax and be transported to our Asian gourmet paradise!
            
        





←


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


→




3556 Total Results Found, 25 Shown on Map
        
















 Facebook




 Twitter




 Google




          © 2017 Airbitz Inc |
          Bitcoin Wallet |
          About Bitcoin |
          About Us |
          Contact Us |
          Press

Airbitz

311 4th Ave #413
San Diego CA 92101
+1-844-928-9744































About the Airbitz Team

























































 




















 



Select Page


  
 
 








About Us
Our Vision and Team
 






 



Our Vision
 
				 At Airbitz, we aim to bring bitcoin to the next billion users through amazingly simple yet feature rich applications focused on ease of use and ease of security. Our focus is to deliver software, services, and products with an amazing user experience, both visually and functionally, simplifying this advanced technology and delivering it to the masses while still retaining Bitcoin’s core principles of decentralization and privacy. 
			 
 
 
 



Our Team
 
 
 


 Paul Puey CEO / Co-Founder
 


Chief Inspirator
Software Architecture
Business Development
UI/UX
Bitcoin Community Evangelist
 
 

William Swanson Chief Architect / Co-Founder
 


Code Plumber
Bitcoin Protocol
C / C++
Shell Scripting
Electronics
 
 

Tim Horton CTO / Co-Founder
 


Code Gigolo
System Administration
Java
Python
C
 
 

Will Pangman COO
 


Growth Maven
User Engagement
Public Speaking
Social Networking
Propaganda
 
 
 


“RJ” Ricasata Lead Curator / QA
 


Bug Slayer
Quality Assurance
Data Analysis
Research
Bitcoin Enthusiast
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 




My locationPrint Close
 
 

Our Office
Location:
311 4th Ave #413
San Diego, Ca 92101
United States
Email: info@airbitz.co
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









































Login :: Airbitz Developer













Sign in or register with Bitid 







Scan QR code with the Airbitz Mobile Wallet to login or register a new account.
                            Tap QR code on mobile to launch Airbitz and login


Direct Android Download



Reset Account Access
















Android User Guide





Android User Guide
Get your API Keys

First thing is first, you need to initialize the core using your api key. If
you don't have an API key, you can head over to developer.airbitz.co and signup to get your key.

Setting up your project

To get started with the airbitz-core-android API you can create a new android
project. Once you have your new project ready to go, add the following to your
build.gradle inside or your app directory.

// Add the Airbitz maven repository
allprojects {
    repositories {
        maven {
            url "https://developer.airbitz.co/maven"
        }
    }
}

// Be sure your minSdkVersion is 16
android {
    defaultConfig {
        minSdkVersion 16
    }
}

// Add the airbitz-core-android dependency to your project
dependencies {
    compile 'co.airbitz:airbitz-core-android:0.9.1@aar'
}

In your AndroidManifest.xml be sure to require internet access. 
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET" />

Your are not ready to use ABC in your project. Let's write some code.

// Initialize ABC with your API from developer.airbitz.co  
AirbitzCore api = AirbitzCore.getApi();
api.init(context, "YOUR-API-KEY");

// Create an account
Account account = api.createAccount("username", "password", "pin");

// Use Airbitz Edge Security to write encrypted/backed up/synchronized data to the account
account.data("myAppUserInfo").put("user_email", "theuser@hisdomain.com");

// Read back the data
account.data("myAppUserInfo").get("user_email");

// Create a wallet in the user account
Wallet wallet = account.createWallet("My Awesome Wallet", "USD");

// And finally logout
account.logout();


Airbitz providers multiple ways to log a user into their account. Password
logins are the obvious way to log a user in, but they can be tedious and
sometimes you just want quick access.


The pinLogin is a faster method, but it requires that the user data exists
locally on the phone. So the pinLogin can only be used after the user has done
one passwordLogin. You can use accountHasPinLogin to determine whether to show
a use the password login form, or the pin login form.

// Log back in with full credentials
Account account = api.passwordLogin("myusername", "MyPa55w0rd");

// Or log back in with PIN
Account account = api.pinLogin("myusername", "1111");


ABC does a lot of work in the background such as syncing encrypted data and
communicating with the blockchain. Callbacks are how ABC notifies you of new
bitcoin, wallet balance changes, block height changes or data changes.


It is important to set the callbacks for an account after login in order to
receive notifications about asynchronous events.

account.callbacks(new Callbacks {
    public void incomingBitcoin(Wallet wallet, String txid) {
        // Yay! Received bitcoin...
    }
});

// Create a receive request
Wallet wallet = account.wallets()[0];
ReceiveAddress request = wallet.newReceiveRequest();

request.meta().label("William Swanson")
            .category("Income:Rent")
            .notes("Rent payment for Jan 2016");
request.amount(40000);

String address = request.address();
String uri     = request.uri();
Bitmap qrcode  = request.qrCode();


This just scratches the surface of what ABC can do.









Airbitz Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























airbitz inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Specialty Finance
Sub-Industry: Consumer Finance





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Press Releases




Airbitz Enables Buy/Sell Bitcoin Capabilities in Europe

Apr 25, 2017







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Bitcoin  in On the Web | Airbitz



























✖

Bitcoin Wallet & Map
Airbitz

INSTALL








Bitcoin Businesses On the Web
Search Results



←


1


2


3


4


5


→




141 Total Results Found
          












Supple Organics



Organic


Shopping



                
                    My name is Hunter and the woman on the left is my beautiful wife, Audrey.  I work full-time on a dairy farm, milking cows and goats.  We are working our way towards creating our own holistically managed farm.  We’ll start out raising goats for fine fiber, heritage duck breeds, and arid-friendly herbs, fruit, and vegetables, all while revitalizing our drought ridden California land and adding to a healthy economy through our business.

Explore our website, Instagram, and Twitter feeds to get more involved in our progress.
                
            












Europa Organics



Home Improvement



                
                    Europa Organics was developed to produce eco-luxury home decor products. Currently, we only produce one product; quartz drink coasters. We create products that are solid, unique and natural. We call it the "SUN" principle. Europa Organics Quartz Coasters are the first expression using this principle.

The team at Europa Organics believe that if you do one thing, make sure to do it better than anybody else. That is our life philosophy. It is also our work philosophy.

Mission Statement: Create the best organic home decor products under the SUN.
                
            












Organic Parking



Software



                
                    Organic Parking was developed from a collective need for a better city parking solution. The app's creators, having spent years driving (and parking) in cities around the world, are no strangers to the difficulty of parking on busy streets. After researching barriers that exist with our current free-for-all system, the Organic Parking team found three points to address: it's often hard to find a public space, it's difficult to afford a private space, and it's stressful to make plans without a guarantee of finding parking.

So we asked ourselves — what if a person that is parked where you plan to be could save a spot for you until you arrive? Well, with a greater portion of our population making smartphones part of their everyday lives, we knew that our solution relied on the development of a communication and exchange platform between these two drivers. Our goal is to facilitate this interaction within your community, so you can be able to park your car seamlessly and affordably, no matter where you go, and never stress over city parking again.
                
            












Earth & Sky Organics



Food



                
                    Welcome to Earth & Sky Organics

Earth and Sky Organics delivers fresh Certified Organic and Biodynamic produce to the wonderful people of Melbourne. We provide the best value Organic produce you can get, using a ‘Crowd Buying’ model – only ever purchasing after orders come in so we know exactly what we’re going to growers and wholesalers with, and dealing direct with growers where it is possible and mutually beneficial. Keeps waste, handling, and operations streamlined, and means we get the freshest produce. As our group grows larger – we achieve better economies of scale and value for everyone, and better support for our farmers.
                
            












Buda Organic Food



Groceries


Food



                
                    BUDA Organic Foods is a small, certified organic farm located in the Sunshine Coast Hinterland, Queensland and run by Rosalba and Mark.

We currently have 16 chickens who provide a steady stream of fresh, certified organic eggs. Our much loved chooks get to roam freely every day and forage on grass and any grubs they can find.

Additionally we have around 100 varying fruit trees, such as citrus, apples, mulberries, mangos, chestnuts, figs which are another 2 – 3 years away from producing good quantities of fruit.

 

Mark with Scyth
Mark with Scythe

While our farm is growing we’ve decided to provide organic food delivered in our local area. To this effect we have equipped this website with an Online Shop for Organic products. Orders will be delivered to any location within the 4552 postcode in the Sunshine Coast Hinterland. Deliveries will generally be made on Fridays or Saturdays.

Any products marked as “Available on backorder” ordered by Monday will generally be included in the next delivery at the end of the week. Products ordered on backorder after Monday may delivered at the end of the following week.
                
            












Organic Products Los Angeles



Health



                
                    Selling organic products online

                
            












Miami Marketing Organization



Marketing & Advertising



                
                    The Miami Marketing Organization is the leading marketing perspective for Professional Services Firms in South Florida, with an active team responsible for providing leading edge marketing tips and strategies as well as marketing services for Miami Professional Services Firms looking to implement modern age marketing techniques.

We pride ourselves on being an open source for marketing help and a different point of view in the every changing world of marketing in Professional Services.

Who are we exactly? We are a team of Marketers, Web Designers & Developers, Search Engine Optimizers, and Direct Mail gurus, all with the common goal of providing extraordinary services and ROI from the use of effective marketing strategies that take advantage of recent trends and latest technologies.

We take great pride in being a hybrid mix of geeks, creative folks, marketers, and salespeople. We not only have a lot of experience with sales and marketing, we understand the technology behind making it all work on the internet.

We believe the internet is a powerful marketing tool that can build branding, drive traffic, and produce tangible revenue and ROI.
                
            












Growhaus Growshop



Nurseries & Gardening


Organic



                
                    Growhaus - dein Growshop mit Qualität und Auswahl: hochwertige Growschränke und umfangreiches Zubehör für jeden Bedarf. Schneller & neutraler Versand.
                
            












Frost Homestead



Food and Beverage


Organic



                
                    We specialize in raising free-range purebred rare breed chickens. We currently breed Wheaten and Blue Wheaten Ameraucanas, Black Copper and Blue Copper Marans, as well as Olive Egger crosses. 

We ship fertile hatching eggs nationwide to all states except HI and AK. We are PT tested/clean and will provide you with a current copy of our health certificate.

We accept bitcoin, silver, paypal, and cash. **10% DISCOUNT on Bitcoin orders!**

Marans hatching eggs are $35/dozen + $15 shipping
We are not currently selling our Ameraucanas. 

Live birds available for local pickup only (greater north Austin area)
Chicks – straight run (unsexed) $7-10 each. Prices increase with age 
Adult birds – prices vary depending on quality – Hens are $25+ each
Cockerels/Roosters are $5-$30

To schedule local or parcel purchases or for additional details contact: frosthomestead@ymail.com or private message here on facebook. 
                
            












Googly Car Co



Automotive



                
                    Hybrid & Tribrid 4-Wheel Bike Micro Car Organic Quadricycles
                
            












Center for Applied Rationality



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    The Center for Applied Rationality (CFAR) is a non-profit organization dedicated to harnessing breakthroughs in the study of cognition to improve human decision-making.
                
            












Bitcoin and Cash Rocks



Consulting Services



                
                    Bitcoin and Cash Rocks is a organization that is leading the way to a better world through Bitcoin and its related technology.
                
            












Bitcoin For Children



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    We are a non-profit organization dedicated to improving the health of children. Our goal is to create a website where people can easily donate money, especially cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Litecoin for this cause through our partnerships with various charitable organizations whose dedication to children's health matches our own.
                
            












WXPI Williamsport Community Radio 88.5 FM



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    Williamsport Independent Media is a grassroots organization empowering local
residents to express their passions, concerns, and creativity by giving them access to media that emphasize underrepresented voices and perspectives.
                
            












Fairewinds Energy Education



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    Fairewinds Energy Education is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization dedicated to furthering public understanding of nuclear power and safety related issues.
                
            












Non-profit Technology Resources



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    Founded in Philadelphia in 1974, Non-profit Technology Resources serves low-income people by refurbishing used computers, providing hands-on work experience, and assisting community-based service organizations to use computers in their work. We are the oldest computer service organization in the area devoted exclusively to nonprofit organizations and the people they serve. Our computer refurbishing "factory" serves as a training ground for people to grow their computer skills. Our Computer Thrift Store serves the community with affordable, dependable computers.
                
            












Botanic Skin Essentials



Cosmetics & Skin Care



                
                    We carry eco-friendly, natural and distinctive items made in the U.S.A. We bring to you, our customer, affordable luxuries for beauty and everyday living.

Certified Organic Soap
Pamper your skin!

Our certified organic soap is a great way to restore and maintain healthy skin. Using certified organic soap is a great way to reduce the load of toxic chemicals entering your body. This soap is all natural, feels fantastic and smells even better. Lavender is also a great scent for a relaxing evening bath.

Use discount coupon: 
'SAVE10'

to save 10% off your order when you pay in Bitcoin
                
            












Freedom of the Press Foundation



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    On our website, you can donate to as many as four journalism and transparency organizations at once. We’ll feature a “bundle” of four organizations and provide a bit of background on each. Every two months we will release a new bundle of deserving organizations or individuals. Once you enter the total amount you wish to donate, you can use the sliders to determine the percentage you want each entity to get.

You can also donate directly to the Freedom of the Press Foundation to help further our mission. Twice a year, we will distribute a grant to projects our Board of Directors has vetted and selected.

                
            












Mountain Lotus



Cosmetics & Skin Care


Health


Shopping



                
                    Our organic products include hand, face and body creams, herbal and hemp skin balms, lip balms, herbal massage oils, hemp massage oils, which are infused with herbs and essential oils.
                
            












CoinNEO



Clothing Apparel & Accessories


Consulting Services


Shopping



                
                    CoinNEO is based in Cleveland Heights, Ohio. CoinNEO partners with organizations to explore opportunities, risks, and solutions associated with accepting the Bitcoin digital currency as a payment option for their customers and B2B associations.
                
            












PeaceGeeks



Charity & Non-Profit


IT Services



                
                    We are PeaceGeeks. We empower grassroots organizations by building technology partnerships to significantly improve or transform their efforts to promote peace and human rights in developing and conflict-affected areas.
                
            












Great Lakes Bengal Rescue



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    Great Lakes Bengal Rescue is a 501c3 nonprofit organization dedicated to rescuing and finding permanent homes for Bengal and Bengal mix cats. We serve Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Wisconsin.
                
            












Princeton Opera Alliance



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    Princeton Opera Alliance is an independent 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization and is responsible for its own long-term financial stability and fundraising, and is grateful to the donors and sponsors who support the Alliance.
                
            












Abolitionist Law Center



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    The Abolitionist Law Center is a public interest law firm inspired by the struggle of political and politicized prisoners, and organized for the purpose of abolishing class and race based mass incarceration in the United States.
                
            












Carnicom Institute



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    The Carnicom Institute is a non-profit health and environmental educational and research organization serving the public welfare. We do not advocate any proprietary products, protocols, or therapies. Our purpose is to provide information and education to the public. 
                
            












Machine Intelligence Research Institute



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    MIRI is a non-profit organization, based in Berkeley, CA, that hosts mathematicians to research important topics related to the safety of machine intelligence. Read more about our research and the many ways to get involved.
                
            












Honoring Our Troops



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    We are a non-profit 501 C 3 tax exempt organization that promotes veteran awareness and veteran support.

Veterans have sacrificed so much for our country and our security.We are here to help support of our Veterans!
                
            












Ameeego



Social Media & Networking



                
                    Ameeego is a geosocial network allowing organic growth of friendships based around a mutual interest in certain activities. Upcoming activities are shared on a map where other users can search and request to join. Bitcoin friendly.
                
            












Contraband Coffee



Coffee & Tea



                
                    Bitcoin Preferred at this "Mom & Pop", Agorist-owned business. Small-batch handcrafted, organic coffee beans, roasted to order & sent anywhere in the U.S. or Mexico. Order your coffee by-the-month and save. 

Also accepting Silver & Barter.
                
            












BitGive Foundation



Charity & Non-Profit



                
                    About
BitGive is a non-profit foundation leveraging the power of the Bitcoin community to improve public health and the environment world-wide. 

Mission
Our mission is to serve leverage the power of the Bitcoin community to improve public health and the environment world-wide.

Description
BitGive Foundation has as its goals to (a) establish a multi-million dollar investment fund to provide sustainable support to the BitGive organization and its mission; and (b) to make financial contributions to sound and effective organizations that are working to improve public health and the environment.
                
            








←


1


2


3


4


5


→




141 Total Results Found
    









 Facebook




 Twitter




 Google




          © 2017 Airbitz Inc |
          Bitcoin Wallet |
          About Bitcoin |
          About Us |
          Contact Us |
          Press

Airbitz

311 4th Ave #413
San Diego CA 92101
+1-844-928-9744






























Airbitz - Wikipedia






















 






Airbitz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Airbitz





Type

Private


Industry
Bitcoin


Founders
Paul Puey, Scott Morgan, Tim Horton, William Swanson, and Damian Cutillo


Headquarters
San Diego, CA


Services
Bitcoin wallet, merchant directory


Website
Airbitz.co


Airbitz is a bitcoin wallet provider and merchant directory headquartered in San Diego, CA founded by Paul Puey, Scott Morgan, Tim Horton, William Swanson, and Damian Cutillo.[1] In January 2015 they received $25,000 from the Plug N Play Tech Center and joined their accelerator program.[2][3] In July 2015, Airbitz raised $450,000 from venture capital firm Block26.[4]
Advocacy[edit]
CEO of Airbitz, Paul Puey speaks regularly at bitcoin industry events.[5] He has given talks in New Zealand, San Francisco, Denver, LA, and Australia.[6] He talks about and advocates for a decentralized future of bitcoin.[7]
Products[edit]
Airbitz’s primary product is a decentralized bitcoin wallet that allows users to store and transact in bitcoin.[2][8][9] An Airbitz wallet was the first to ever send a bitcoin transaction in Cuba.[10][11] They invented the use of Bluetooth low energy (BLE) for bitcoin transactions. They also invented one-touch 2-factor authentication.[12][13][14][15]
References[edit]


^ Jennewein, Chris (28 July 2015). "Five Questions for a San Diego Startup: Airbitz". Times of San Diego. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ a b "AirBitz – One of the Most Complete Decentralized Bitcoin Wallets For Mobile Users". Digital Money Times. 13 January 2015. Retrieved 1 August 2015. [permanent dead link]
^ Connor, Katherine. "Seven startups earn $25K, spot at Plug and Play Expo". The Daily Transcript. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Blockchain VC Block26 Invests Almost Half-Million in Digital Wallet Platform Airbitz". Coinspeaker.com. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "All About AirBitz With Paul Puey". Bitcoin Magazine. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Airbitz Helped Successfully Transfer Bitcoins from the U.S. to Cuba". CoinSpeaker. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Airbitz CEO Paul Puey on Why Bitcoin Can Succeed Where Mobile Payments Have Failed". Inside Bitcoins. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Jersey City to get N.J.'s first Bitcoin ATM". NJ.com. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Airbitz Enables BLE-driven Wireless Payments for iPhone and Android". Bitcoin Magazine. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "First Documented Cuba Bitcoin Transaction Is Now History". Crypto Coins News. 24 July 2015. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ Mena, Kelly. "Bitcoin Transcends Politics With First-Ever Public Transfer Using Airbitz". Paymentweek. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Introducing the World’s First One-Touch 2 Factor Authentication". www.airbitz.co. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ Hulseapple, Cheryl (19 March 2015). "Airbitz Invents First ‘One-Touch 2-Factor Authentication’ for Mobile Wallet". CoinTelegraph. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Airbitz launches world’s first one-touch 2-factor authentication". Coin Report. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 
^ "Airbitz Launches Simple and Secure 2fa". Bitcoinist. Retrieved 1 August 2015. 






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Airbitz&oldid=787981544"					
Categories: Companies based in San DiegoBitcoin exchangesBitcoin companiesFinancial technology companiesAlternative currenciesApplication layer protocolsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 19:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Airbitz Inc (@Airbitz) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Airbitz Inc



@Airbitz












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
8,573
            



Following
Following
2,023



Followers
Followers
7,530



Likes
Likes
5,137

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @Airbitz

Mute @Airbitz



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Airbitz Inc



@Airbitz


Bitcoin wallet and the world's first Edge Security platform securing the future of blockchain technology https://airbitz.co/#team 



            San Diego CA USA

      



 
    airbitz.co
  




Joined October 2013












                
                509 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @Airbitz
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @Airbitz
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Airbitz Inc followed
        






















Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Augur‏Verified account @AugurProject

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @AugurProject


Our Slack invite link has been down the past few days - back online now! 

http://invite.augur.net 





0 replies




1 retweet




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Airbitz Inc‏ @Airbitz

6h6 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What are Bitcoin Mining Fees and Dust?https://airbitz.co/go/what-are-bitcoin-mining-fees-and-dust/ …









0 replies




2 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







J‏ @PayneFullHuman

12h12 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







 “Airbitz @ State of Digital Money”https://twitter.com/i/moments/889847511548018690 …









0 replies




3 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Trisha‏ @trishansandiego

11h11 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Choose Your Node with the Airbitz Wallet - Airbitzhttps://airbitz.co/go/choose-node-airbitz-wallet/ …









0 replies




3 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Michelle Ray‏Verified account @GaltsGirl

12h12 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Tx's @RepRWilliams thinks there should be stricter cryptocurrency regs because bad people might use it. 

Nope. Dumbest justification ever.





1 reply




1 retweet




5 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Itsmee.Bosslady‏ @SommerzWorld

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I'm in LA setting up all the #Uber drivers with a #crypto wallet lol @airbitz @CorionPlatform @paulinator @OmarBham @SwarmCityLauren





3 replies




3 retweets




21 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


21





Liked


21










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Airbitz Inc‏ @Airbitz

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“Bitcoin Explained (with Emoji), Part 1” — @_tessrhttps://medium.com/@tessr/making-money-530d2bb2b8f7 …









0 replies




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Joseph Martinez‏ @gotalk2joey

Jul 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Randomly opened up my wallet two years later and see the value up by 400%. I should invest here more. Haha. @paullinator @Airbitzpic.twitter.com/rj08UKvXoZ
















1 reply




2 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Airbitz Inc‏ @Airbitz

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Bitcoin(Cryptos) vs. Normal Currency | Things Are About to Change!https://youtu.be/wBYv6rdAdS4 









0 replies




5 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Itsmee.Bosslady‏ @SommerzWorld

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet










    
      
      Replying to @SommerzWorld @rjrs2k and 5 others


pic.twitter.com/62LXwlTUAP
















1 reply




3 retweets




2 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Valerian  🙌‏ @valerian253

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"The free market should decide the block size, not developers." #bitcoin @paullinator #SODM17 @ToneVays @ryanxcharles @eric_lombrozopic.twitter.com/iBjcJYaDnC
















4 replies




9 retweets




17 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


17





Liked


17










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







StateofDigitalMoney‏ @stateofdm

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Leave it to the free market (the users) not developers according to @paullinator on #Bitcoin scaling #SODM2017





0 replies




2 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Reina Taylor‏ @reinadtaylor

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







@Airbitz booth at #SODM LA!! #bitcoin #stateofdigitalmoneypic.twitter.com/FW163dM2zL
















1 reply




3 retweets




9 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







StateofDigitalMoney‏ @stateofdm

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Be sure to stop by the @Airbitz booth at #sodm2017pic.twitter.com/HBsOUmHVPr
















1 reply




2 retweets




13 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Airbitz Inc‏ @Airbitz

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Going to be at @stateofdm ? Find us and say hi! #bitcoin





0 replies




0 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Airbitz Inc‏ @Airbitz

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







On Telegram? So are we! Join our official Telegram channel at http://telegram.airbitz.co  #bitcoin #blockchain





2 replies




0 retweets




3 likes








Reply


2







Retweet







Retweeted











Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







StateofDigitalMoney‏ @stateofdm

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Tomorrow is the big day! Join global leaders and decision makers in #fintech and #blockchain at CrossCampus in DT LA http://stateofdigitalmoney.com 





0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Paul Puey‏ @paullinator

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Segwit2x is just about a shoe in. Congrats to @barrysilbert for mediating this long standing feud and driving the resolution. #bitcoin





6 replies




9 retweets




32 likes








Reply


6







Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


32





Liked


32










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Airbitz Inc‏ @Airbitz

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







One-Touch 2-Factor Authentication(2FA): What is it and How do I set it up? https://airbitz.co/go/one-touch-2-factor-authentication2fa-set/ … #bitcoin #blockchain









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Airbitz Inc Retweeted
            







Paul Puey‏ @paullinator

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Security alert! Anyone using a @ParityTech multisig Ethereum wallet. Please move your funds.https://blog.parity.io/security-alert-high-2/ …









0 replies




17 retweets




17 likes








Reply










Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


17





Liked


17










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @Airbitz hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user
























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

























                        Airbitz Inc     









































Open menu









invest 
trade 
data 





Get funded / List assets


Log in
Sign up









×

















Headquarters
United States
team size
5 - 9
founded
2014 
website
https://airbitz.co/






                        Airbitz Inc             on Crunchbase






industry / tags


Technology
information technology
software development
security monitoring
bitcoin
computer software
information security
internet/software
maps
mobile
open source
security



















funding probability score 



total disclosed funding



last round valuation estimate 



disclosed funding rounds



latest round



latest funding stage



next round estimate 



development stage 



number of investors



number of competitors



monthly web visits



twitter followers





 Create free account or
    log in to see full profile.
    







 Create free account or
    log in to see full profile.
    










Offices
United States 
HQ address
                        3919 30th St, San Diego, 92104, USA
Email
info@airbitz.co






description
airBitz is a SDK platform that enables its users to develop security applications for its clients.Their product range includes client-side encryption, data backup, password recovery, blockchain technology, private key authentication, IoT, financial applications, bitcoin, and private messaging.airBitz was founded in 2014 and is based in California.







NEWS















No Circle? No Problem. Enter the Kraken!


                    Dec 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Our Latest Release: Airbitz v2.3.3 w/ Android Fing...


                    Nov 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










WINGS and Airbitz Team Up


                    Nov 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Airbitz v2.3.0 with Edge Login and Equity Crowdfun...


                    Oct 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Crowdfunding Airbitz with Title III


                    Oct 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Airbitz releases Plugin API and Bitrefill Partners...


                    Oct 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Airbitz v2.2.0 Introduces Password Recovery


                    Oct 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Airbitz Launches “Password Recovery 2.0,” with Pri...


                    Sep 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Airbitz Opens Bitcoin to Third Party Apps with Plu...


                    Aug 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Airbitz and iceCUBED-X Exchange Team Up to Serve S...


                    Jul 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Airbitz v2.1.0 Ushers in Speed, Reliability, Effic...


                    Jul 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            










Augur Partners with Airbitz


                    Jun 2016                 via Airbitz Inc            











There is much more to this profile. Log in or sign up for free to see the whole thing.

                        Get free access to these powerful tools:
                         - Advanced search filters
                         - Full startup and investor profiles
                         - Follow startups and investors
                         - Custom follow-lists
                         - Startup benchmarking
                         - Network maps
                         - Market stats
                    



Log in
Sign up for free












 Close
Suggest edits to profile data
Preview your suggested changes




This feature is only available to our registered users. Please log in or sign up for free to suggest edits to profile data.

Log in
Sign up




































Airbitz shines light on new blockchain solutions, including ShapeShift.io’s Prism » Brave New Coin





















Airbitz shines light on new blockchain solutions, including ShapeShift.io’s Prism









L




























Airbitz shines light on new blockchain solutions, including ShapeShift.io’s Prism







Victoria Wagner Ross
							, 03 Jul 2017 -
						

Airbitz
								,&nbsp
							
								Blockchain Adoption
								,&nbsp
							
								Nanome
								,&nbsp
							
								Prism





















































































San Diego-based bitcoin wallet provider, Airbitz, and the San Diego Bitcoin meetup group recently hosted a number of speakers from blockchain startups. Among them was ShapeShift CFO, Justin, presenting the company's new smart contract-powered platform, Prism.Prism is a trustless digital asset portfolio management platform powered entirely by Ethereum smart contracts. The platform allows users to create portfolios of leading digital assets such as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Dash, Monero, and more, without counterparty risk.Chris Groshong, CEO of CoinStructive Inc., introduced Justin by saying, “Prism is the easiest and most convenient way for a non-technical user to diversify and manage their crypto-asset portfolios.”Justin introduced the new product to a packed house, showing a step-by-step video on how users create and fund their portfolios – known as “Prisms” – and also touched on some of the product’s features.One feature, called the “Leaderboard”, shows the user a list of Prisms that other customers have created, and which ones are the current top-performing portfolios. Users can choose to create a copy of these top-performing Prisms or create their own unique collection from more than 50 different assets.Justin stressed Prism’s advantage is easy access to a wide-range of blockchain tokens. Meetup attendees were enthused about this aspect of the platform and the potential for transactions in the world of cryptocurrency.To create a Prism, the user first indicates the amount of funds in Ether they would like to invest, then chooses a name for their Prism and determines the assets they would like their portfolio to represent.After the funds have been allocated among these chosen assets, the user is prompted to provide the platform with their Ethereum public address. This address will allow them to monitor their Prism over time, and is where their payout will be sent at the time they close their portfolio.Lastly, the user funds their Prism by sending the exact amount of Ether indicated to the provided smart contract address. Once this smart contract address is funded, the Prism is live until the user chooses to close the portfolio.When the user feels they are ready to close their Prism, they simply visit their Prism’s info page, click “Sell Prism,” and send a zero Ether transaction to the address provided.“If the Prism gained 20 percent during the time the portfolio was open they receive 20 percent more Ether to the address they provided when they initially set up their Prism.”- Emily, ShapeShift Chief Marketing OfficerShapeShift announced Prism in May, during Consensus 2017 in New York City. Within 24 hours, 6,000 people registered for access a private beta, and requests continue to grow daily. “Those users currently active in Prism’s private beta have been able to give us incredibly helpful feedback, steering our technical updates and feature improvements,” said ShapeShift Chief Marketing Officer, Emily.Private beta users will continue to test and provide feedback to the ShapeShift Prism team, allowing for updates to be made until the team feels it is ready for mass use. “Prism is a first-of-its-kind product, and we must ensure that the public-facing release provides users with the best experience possible. These private beta testers are helping us achieve this goal,” says Emily.Following Justin’s presentation, CEO and co-founder of Nanome, Inc. Steve McCloskey, presented his company's vision of the future in biotech research, Nano-one. The product is a  molecular visualization and modeling tool built for virtual reality platforms.The Nanome ecosystem of will offer a system of “tokens” that can be used to make purchases on the Nanome website, and pay the developer of a model. The virtual currency space opens Nanome to a larger audience by hosting Nanome equations on the “blockchain.”To help understand the vision of Nanome, McCloskey took the audience on a visual presentation into the nanoscale world where the basic unit is measured at billionth particles of a meter. The tools from Nanome will enable scientists and engineers to collaborate on designs with nanoscale precision.McCloskey provided an opportunity for the attendees to try Nano-One on computers he brought to the event. The viewer could see the use of virtual reality in a model example of the HIV or ball and stick atom model.



Information and Widgets






















Jump to:








APIs









News









Charts









Resources



























News




The blockchain infrastructure landscape: A first principles framing





Securing your free “Bitcoin Cash” stash





All roads lead to Segwit





A rational take on cryptocurrencies














JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER!
Get weekly News Wraps, Charts, Analysis, Events and Blockchain Musings, direct to you inbox.






No Thanks
Already Subscribed







AirBitz Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 10:19 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of AirBitz Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AirBitz Inc. develops a single-sign-on security platform for blockchain applications. It offers Bitcoin Wallet, a mobile application for privacy, security, and decentralization; and expandable plugin architecture that enables users to buy and sell bitcoin, discounted gift cards to major retailers, and mobile phone top-ups. The company also provides Edge-Security that encrypts data first in the user's device before it touches a network or server; and solutions for automatic backup, client-side encryption, multi-device synchronization, One-Touch 2-factor authentication, password recovery, and revision control/rollback. In addition, it offers Edge?Login, a single sign-on solution; and Airbitz S...
AirBitz Inc. develops a single-sign-on security platform for blockchain applications. It offers Bitcoin Wallet, a mobile application for privacy, security, and decentralization; and expandable plugin architecture that enables users to buy and sell bitcoin, discounted gift cards to major retailers, and mobile phone top-ups. The company also provides Edge-Security that encrypts data first in the user's device before it touches a network or server; and solutions for automatic backup, client-side encryption, multi-device synchronization, One-Touch 2-factor authentication, password recovery, and revision control/rollback. In addition, it offers Edge?Login, a single sign-on solution; and Airbitz SDK for securing blockchain applications. AirBitz Inc. was founded in 2013 and is based in San Diego, California.
Detailed Description


311 4th AvenueSuite 413San Diego, CA 92101United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 844-928-9744

airbitz.co







Key Executives for AirBitz Inc.




Mr. Paul V. Puey


      	Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
      








Mr. Scott Morgan


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Tim Horton


      	Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer
      








Mr. William Swanson


      	Co-Founder and Chief Architect
      








Mr. Damian Cutillo


      	Co-Founder
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

AirBitz Inc. Key Developments

Airbitz and WINGS Announce Partnership to Integrate Edge Security into the Next-Generation of Decentralized Autonomous Organizations
Nov 2 16
Airbitz and WINGS announced their partnership to enable a new generation of DAOs for Bitcoin and other blockchains. The partnership provides WINGS with Airbitz Edge Security to make the private key management of DAO participants more frictionless and secure. DAOs are a new organizational form that allow for trustless contracts between globally distributed participants, bringing another level of productivity and efficiency to projects that can span across borders. WINGS combines the DAO concept with decision-making using decentralized forecast markets, while making all of this easily accessible to anyone with a smart phone. With WINGS project backers know that DAO technology and forecast markets give projects an added success factor. Airbitz allows users to securely access a multi-blockchain world using a frictionless, single sign-on experience -- all while retaining complete control over their private keys and authentication. Developers can now leverage the Airbitz open-source Edge Security SDK for their decentralized apps, instead of having to create their own security solutions from scratch.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 21, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AirBitz Inc., please visit airbitz.co.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























Orbitz Travel: Vacations, Cheap Flights, Airline Tickets & Airfares
























































 

Close


Save an extra 10% or more on select hotels with Insider Prices. Sign up now, it's free!






Skip to main content














  


 Join Rewards 



  Español  



Show menu






  Shop Travel       Home    Hotels    Flights    Packages    Cars    Vacation Rentals    Cruises    Deals    Activities    Discover    Mobile    Rewards      

 To  requiredPlease enter an email address Please enter a valid email address  Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)   Subject Message Send ItineraryCancel

Your notifications1All caught up!  No new notifications right now.

 Account   Sign in to see exclusive Member Pricing.   Sign In   Sign In     New? Create an Account    





My Scratchpad        




  My Trips  
 Support  


Customer Support 


Feedback 




  Español  

 
 




 

 






  Home currently selected    Hotels     Flights     Packages     Cars     Vacation Rentals     Cruises     Deals     Activities     Discover     Mobile     Rewards   




      More








 

 
 









 
Beginning of main content






+
Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select hotels for your   trip        

Offer expires in hh:mm:ss 



Search for a TripRemove











Earn free travel rewards instantly with Orbitz Rewards            







Save an extra 10% or more on select hotels with Insider Prices                








Book your trip ultra-fast with our free mobile apps                











































































 







Today’s Popular Destinations



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          























$25 Off Your First App Hotel Booking

Use code 25DOWNLOAD



Send a link to your phone for the FREE Orbitz app. 



Phone number



Send











Thank you! A text with the download link has been sent to your mobile device.
 

Limit one discount per hotel room and one promotion code per booking. By providing your number, you agree to receive a one-time automated text message with a link to get the app. Our app offers promotions and booking services. Standard text message rates may apply. See Details. 




 


Get exclusive deals on your mobile device
Download the free Orbitz App








 

























 























 























 























 

















Trip Planning



Top DestinationsCalifornia VacationsCaribbean VacationsFlorida VacationsHawaii VacationsLas Vegas VacationsMexico VacationsPopular US HotelsMillennium                                     Biltmore HotelDisney's                                 Port Orleans Resort - RiversidePacific Beach                                 HotelGran                                     Porto Resort Playa del Carmen – All InclusiveThe Talbott HotelTop Las Vegas HotelsExcalibur Hotel                                 and CasinoTreasure                                 Island-TILuxor Hotel and                                 CasinoGolden                                 Nugget Hotel and CasinoCircus                                 Circus Hotel and CasinoTop California HotelsMillennium                                     Biltmore HotelThe                                 Standard, Downtown LAHorton Grand                                 HotelDays                                     Inn San Diego Hotel Circle/near SeaworldHotel                                 Nikko San FranciscoParc 55 San                                 Francisco - a Hilton HotelTop Florida HotelsDisney's                                 Port Orleans Resort – RiversideDisney's Pop                                 Century ResortSeralago                                 Hotel and Suites Maingate EastThe Catalina Hotel                                 and Beach ClubUniversal's                                 Loews Royal Pacific ResortTop Hawaii HotelsPacific Beach                                 HotelRoyal Lahaina                                 ResortKona Bay Hotel                                 (Uncle Billy's HawaiianRoyal Kona ResortWaikiki Resort                                 HotelTurtle Bay ResortTop Mexico HotelsFiesta                                     Americana Condesa CancunExcellence                                     Playa Mujeres CancunCity                                     Express Junior Juarez ConsuladoOmni                                 Cancun Hotel and VillasRIU Santa                                 Fe All InclusiveTop Chicago HotelsCongress Plaza Hotel                                 at Grant ParkInn of Chicago, an Ascend                                 CollegeThe Godfrey                                 Hotel ChicagoThe Palmer House                                 HiltonFairmont                                 Chicago, Millennium ParkTop Hotel DestinationsAnaheim hotelsAtlanta hotelsAtlantic City hotelsAustin hotelsBoston hotelsCabo San Lucas hotelsCancun hotelsChicago hotelsDenver hotelsFt. Lauderdale hotelsHong Kong hotelsHonolulu hotelsHouston hotelsKey West                                 hotelsLas Vegas hotelsLondon hotelsLos Angeles hotelsLos Cabos hotelsMiami Beach                                 hotelsMiami hotelsMontego Bay hotelsNashville hotelsNew Orleans hotelsNew York hotelsOrlando hotelsParis hotelsPlaya                                 del Carmen hotelsProvidenciales hotelsPunta Cana hotelsRiviera Maya hotelsSan Antonio hotelsSan Diego hotelsSan Francisco hotelsSeattle hotelsWashington DC hotelsTop Flight DestinationsFlights to AtlantaFlights to BangkokFlights to BostonFlights to ChicagoFlights to DallasFlights to DenverFlights to DetroitFlights to Fort                                 LauderdaleFlights to HonoluluFlights to HoustonFlights to Las VegasFlights to LondonFlights to Los                                 AngelesFlights to ManilaFlights to MiamiFlights to                                 MinneapolisFlights to New YorkFlights to NewarkFlights to OrlandoFlights to                                 PhiladelphiaFlights to PhoenixFlights to PortlandFlights to San DiegoFlights to San                                 FranciscoFlights to SeattleFlights to SeoulFlights to TaipeiFlights to TampaFlights to                                 Washington








* Savings based on all holiday package bookings with Flight + Hotel on Orbitz.com from July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016, as compared to the price of the same components booked separately. Savings will vary based on origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings not available on all packages.












Explore More




Orbitz



About Orbitz
Investor Relations
Jobs
Media Room
Advertising
Become an Affiliate
Add a Hotel
Add an Activity
Orbitz for Business
Orbitz for Agents
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy





Orbitz Rewards



Orbitz Rewards
VIP Hotels
Visa Card
Benefits
Promotions





Other Links



Vacation Packages
Car Rental
Cruises
Travel Blog
Customer Support
Price Guarantee
Travel Deals
Mobile
Vacations by Interest







©2017 Orbitz, LLC. All rights reserved. Orbitz, Orbitz.com, and the Orbitz logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Orbitz, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos or product and company names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners. 



 



























































Flight deals under $200 | Orbitz.com





































Skip to main content













  


 Join Rewards 



  Español  



Show menu






  Shop Travel       Home    Hotels    Flights    Packages    Cars    Vacation Rentals    Cruises    Deals    Activities    Discover    Mobile    Rewards      

 To  requiredPlease enter an email address Please enter a valid email address  Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)   Subject Message Send ItineraryCancel

Your notifications1All caught up!  No new notifications right now.

 Account     Sign In     Create an Account    





My Scratchpad        




  My Trips  
 Support  


Customer Support 


Feedback 




  Español  

 
 




 

 






  Home     Hotels     Flights currently selected    Packages     Cars     Vacation Rentals     Cruises     Deals     Activities     Discover     Mobile     Rewards   

 

 
 









 
Beginning of main content





Flight deals under $200











Hotel only



Flight only



Flight + Hotel











Search Flights



 Please correct the errors below.



Flight type


Roundtrip


One way



Multiple destinations







Leaving from
City or airport







Going to
City or airport






DepartingReturning


Adults (18+)

1
2
3
4
5
6




Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6








Flight 1


Flying from
City or airport








Flying to
City or airport






Departing



Flight 2


Flying from
City or airport








Flying to
City or airport






Departing



Flight 3


Flying from
City or airport








Flying to
City or airport






Departing



Flight 4


Flying from
City or airport








Flying to
City or airport






Departing



Flight 5


Flying from
City or airport








Flying to
City or airport






Departing







Adults (18+)

1
2
3
4
5
6




Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Children under 2 must either sit in laps or in seats.


In lap



In seat





    Advanced options
 



Nonstop



Refundable flight




Preferred airline


No preference                

Adria Airways                

Aegean                

Aer Lingus                

Aeroflot-Russian Airlines                

AeroGal                

Aerolineas Argentinas                

Aeromar Airlines                

Aeromexico                

Air Astana                

Air Baltic                

Air Botswana                

Air Burkina                

Air Canada                

Air China                

Air Choice One                

Air Europa                

Air France                

Air India                

Air Madagascar                

Air Malta                

Air Mauritius                

Air New Zealand                

Air Onix                

Air Serbia                

Air Tahiti Nui                

Air Transat                

AirAsia with baggage                

airberlin                

Aircalin                

Airlines of Papua New Guinea                

Alaska Airlines                

Alitalia                

All Nippon Airways                

American Airlines                

Aruba Airlines                

Aserca Airlines                

Asiana Airlines                

Austrian Airlines                

Avianca                

Avianca Brasil                

Avior Airlines                

Azerbaijan Airlines                

Azul                

Boliviana De Aviacion                

Boutique Air                

British Airways                

Brussels Airlines                

Calafia Airlines                

Cape Air                

Caribbean Airlines                

Cathay Pacific                

Cayman Airways                

China Airlines                

China Eastern Airlines                

China Southern Airlines                

COMAIR LTD.                

Condor                

Contour Airlines                

Copa                

Corsair                

Delta                

easyJet                

Egyptair                

EL AL Israel Airlines                

Ellinair                

Emirates                

Estonian Air                

Ethiopian Airlines                

Etihad Airways                

Etihad Regional                

Eurowings                

EVA Airways                

Fiji Airways                

Finnair                

Firefly                

Fly One S.R.L.                

Flybe                

flynas                

Frontier Airlines                

Garuda Indonesia                

Germanwings                

GOL Linhas Aereas Inteligentes                

Gulf Air                

Hainan Airlines                

Hawaiian Airlines                

Hong Kong Airlines                

Iberia                

Icelandair                

interCaribbean Airways                

Interjet                

Japan Airlines                

Jet Airways                

JetBlue Airways                

Jetstar                

Kenya Airways                

KLM                

Korean Air                

La Compagnie                

LACSA                

Lao Airlines                

LATAM Airlines Argentina                

LATAM Airlines Brasil                

LATAM Airlines Ecuador                

LATAM Airlines Group                

LATAM Airlines Peru                

LC Peru                

Liat                

LOT-Polish Airlines                

Lufthansa                

Luxair                

Malaysia Airlines                

Meridiana fly                

MIAT-Mongolian Airlines                

Middle East Airlines                

Myanmar Airways International                

Nepal Airlines                

Niki                

Nile Air                

Norwegian Air International Ltd                

Norwegian Air Shuttle                

Norwegian Air UK                

Olympic                

Oman Air                

Pacific Coastal Airlines                

PAWA Dominicana                

Pegasus Asia                

PenAir                

Peruvian Airlines                

Philippine Airlines                

Plus Ultra Lineas Aereas S. A.                

Porter Airlines                

PrecisionAir                

Proflight Zambia                

Qantas Airways                

Qatar Airways                

Ravn Alaska                

Regional Sky                

Royal Air Maroc                

Royal Brunei Airlines                

Royal Jordanian                

Rwandair                

SAS                

SATA International-Azores Airlines S.A.                

Saudi Arabian Airlines                

Scoot with baggage                

Seaborne Airlines                

Senegal Airlines                

Shandong Airlines                

Shenzhen Airlines                

Sichuan Airlines                

Silver Airways                

Singapore Airlines                

Sky Airlines                

Solomon Airlines                

South African Airways                

Southern Airways                

Spirit Airlines                

SriLankan Airlines                

Sun Air Express                

Sun Country Airlines                

Surinam Airways                

Swiss International Air Lines                

TAAG Angola Airlines                

TACA Airlines                

TACV-Cabo Verde Airlines                

Tame                

TAP Portugal                

Tarom-Romanian Air Transport                

Thai Airways International                

Thomas Cook Airlines                

Thomas Cook Airlines Belgium                

Tigerair Australia with Bag                

Tigerair Taiwan                

Tigerair Taiwan without bag                

Tradewind Aviation                

Transaero Airlines                

Tropic Air                

TUI fly                

Turkish Airlines                

United                

Ural Airlines                

Utair Aviation                

Uzbekistan Airways                

ViaAir                

Vietnam Airlines                

Virgin America                

Virgin Atlantic                

Virgin Australia                

Vision Airlines                

VivaAerobus                

Volaris                

Volotea                

WestJet                

Windward Island Airways International                

WOW air                

Xiamen Airlines                

XL Airways                



Preferred class


First Class                

Business                

Economy                

Premium Economy                









Search    







 







Domestic bliss: flight deals across the U.S.

Your budget's really going places. Now you can stay and play across the United States for less than $200 on select flights. Those sparkling city lights and wide-open skies are calling your name.


























						Flights Under $200                          Tab 1 of 6                       selected						United Flights Under $200                          Tab 2 of 6                                 						American Flights Under $200                          Tab 3 of 6                                 						Delta Flights Under $200                          Tab 4 of 6                                 						Frontier Flights Under $200                          Tab 5 of 6                                 						JetBlue Flights Under $200                          Tab 6 of 6                                 




 






































 





 





 





 





 








Terms and Conditions:
Sample prices are quoted for one adult and include taxes and fees for roundtrip economy/coach class travel. Prices do not include baggage fees that may be charged by the applicable airline. Actual price may vary based on time/date of search, booking date, travel dates, origin, and destination. Fares and rules are subject to change without notice. Seats are limited and may not be available on all flights/dates. Lower fares may be available to selected destinations. Tickets may be nontransferable and nonrefundable. Read the complete penalty rules for changes and cancellations applicable to the fare you're considering booking.


^
Back to top






























Explore More




Orbitz



About Orbitz
Investor Relations
Jobs
Media Room
Advertising
Become an Affiliate
Add a Hotel
Add an Activity
Orbitz for Business
Orbitz for Agents
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy





Orbitz Rewards



Orbitz Rewards
VIP Hotels
Visa Card
Benefits
Promotions





Other Links



Vacation Packages
Car Rental
Cruises
Travel Blog
Customer Support
Price Guarantee
Travel Deals
Mobile
Vacations by Interest







©2017 Orbitz, LLC. All rights reserved. Orbitz, Orbitz.com, and the Orbitz logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Orbitz, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos or product and company names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners. 



 











































Exclusive promo code | Orbitz.com



































Skip to main content













  


 Join Rewards 



  Español  



Show menu






  Shop Travel       Home    Hotels    Flights    Packages    Cars    Vacation Rentals    Cruises    Deals    Activities    Discover    Mobile    Rewards      

 To  requiredPlease enter an email address Please enter a valid email address  Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)   Subject Message Send ItineraryCancel

Your notifications1All caught up!  No new notifications right now.

 Account     Sign In     Create an Account    





My Scratchpad        




  My Trips  
 Support  


Customer Support 


Feedback 




  Español  

 
 




 

 






  Home     Hotels     Flights     Packages     Cars     Vacation Rentals     Cruises     Deals     Activities     Discover     Mobile     Rewards   

 

 
 









 
Beginning of main content





Exclusive promo code: TRAVELTIME











Hotel only



Flight only



Flight + Hotel



Car only



Things to Do


















Search Hotels



 Please correct the errors below.





Destination
City, airport, landmark, hotel name or address







Check-inCheck-out




Rooms


1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9+                



Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14



Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6






Child 1:


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


Age                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                












Room 1




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                







Room 2




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                







Room 3




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                







Room 4




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                







Room 5




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                







Room 6




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                







Room 7




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                







Room 8




Adults (18 +)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6







Child 1:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 2:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 3:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 4:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 5:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                





Child 6:


-?-                

<1                

1                

2                

3                

4                

5                

6                

7                

8                

9                

10                

11                

12                

13                

14                

15                

16                

17                









Adults (18 +)

9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99





Children (0 - 17)

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99








    Advanced options
 



Hotel Name





Hotel Class


Show All                

1 Star or More                

2 Stars or More                

3 Stars or More                

4 Stars or More                

5 Stars                










Search    




 








Exclusive promo code

Want exclusive savings on your next hotel stay? Take 15% off select hotel stays with promotion code TRAVELTIME ! But you’ll have to act fast—this deal is only available through August 20, 2017. Get the vacation of your dreams for less.

































Promo code: TRAVELTIMEMinimum stay: none Book by August 20, 2017, travel by December 31, 2017Terms below


 









 
 



 






Terms & Conditions
Offers valid at participating hotels only and are subject to availability. Offers vary by property. Minimum night stay may be required, and varies by property. Rules, restrictions, and black out dates may apply. See property pages for further details.
TRAVELTIMESubject to the restrictions set out in these terms and conditions, the 15% promotion code may be applied to a qualifying stand-alone hotel (not a hotel booking in combination with any other product such as flight + hotel, or flight +hotel + car) booked online with orbitz.com between July 21, 2017 12:01AM CT and August 20, 2017 11:59PM CT, for 1 or more nights for travel between July 21, 2017, and December 31, 2017. Qualifying bookings instantly receive 15% off at check-out through the use of the promotion code. Customers are limited to two redemptions of this promotion code and up to a maximum savings of $150 per booking. After those two bookings, this promo code will not be able to be used again, even if one or more of those bookings is cancelled. Exclusions may apply and most major hotel chains are excluded. The promotion code cannot be redeemed against taxes, supplier fees, cancellation or change fees/penalties, administrative fees or other miscellaneous charges, which are the sole responsibility of the customer. Discounts are not redeemable for cash for any reason. Promotion codes are non-transferable, not for resale, and cannot be combined with other offers or used for any booking previously made. Any attempt at fraud will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Void where prohibited, taxed or restricted by law. Orbitz reserves the right to change or limit the promotion in its sole discretion. Usual booking terms and conditions apply (see https://www.orbitz.com/p/info-other/legal.htm) and all bookings are subject to availability. 
 


^
Back to top






























Explore More




Orbitz



About Orbitz
Investor Relations
Jobs
Media Room
Advertising
Become an Affiliate
Add a Hotel
Add an Activity
Orbitz for Business
Orbitz for Agents
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy





Orbitz Rewards



Orbitz Rewards
VIP Hotels
Visa Card
Benefits
Promotions





Other Links



Vacation Packages
Car Rental
Cruises
Travel Blog
Customer Support
Price Guarantee
Travel Deals
Mobile
Vacations by Interest







©2017 Orbitz, LLC. All rights reserved. Orbitz, Orbitz.com, and the Orbitz logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Orbitz, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos or product and company names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners. 



 

















































Car Rental: Cheap Rental Cars & Rent a Car Deals | Orbitz
























































 

Close


Save an extra 10% or more on select hotels with Insider Prices. Sign up now, it's free!






Skip to main content














  


 Join Rewards 



  Español  



Show menu






  Shop Travel       Home    Hotels    Flights    Packages    Cars    Vacation Rentals    Cruises    Deals    Activities    Discover    Mobile    Rewards      

 To  requiredPlease enter an email address Please enter a valid email address  Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)   Subject Message Send ItineraryCancel

Your notifications1All caught up!  No new notifications right now.

 Account   Sign in to see exclusive Member Pricing.   Sign In   Sign In     New? Create an Account    





My Scratchpad        




  My Trips  
 Support  


Customer Support 


Feedback 




  Español  

 
 




 

 






  Home currently selected    Hotels     Flights     Packages     Cars     Vacation Rentals     Cruises     Deals     Activities     Discover     Mobile     Rewards   




      More








 

 
 









 
Beginning of main content






+
Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select hotels for your   trip        

Offer expires in hh:mm:ss 



Search for a TripRemove











Earn free travel rewards instantly with Orbitz Rewards            







Save an extra 10% or more on select hotels with Insider Prices                








Book your trip ultra-fast with our free mobile apps                











































































 







Today’s Popular Destinations



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          

















Spotlight on Travel



















 
          






















 
          






















 
          























$25 Off Your First App Hotel Booking

Use code 25DOWNLOAD



Send a link to your phone for the FREE Orbitz app. 



Phone number



Send











Thank you! A text with the download link has been sent to your mobile device.
 

Limit one discount per hotel room and one promotion code per booking. By providing your number, you agree to receive a one-time automated text message with a link to get the app. Our app offers promotions and booking services. Standard text message rates may apply. See Details. 




 


Get exclusive deals on your mobile device
Download the free Orbitz App








 

























 























 























 























 








Top Car Rentals

Avis car rental
Budget Car Rental
Hertz Car rental
Fox Car Rental
Dollar Car Rental
Thrifty Car Rental







* Savings based on all holiday package bookings with Flight + Hotel on Orbitz.com from July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016, as compared to the price of the same components booked separately. Savings will vary based on origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings not available on all packages.












Explore More




Orbitz



About Orbitz
Investor Relations
Jobs
Media Room
Advertising
Become an Affiliate
Add a Hotel
Add an Activity
Orbitz for Business
Orbitz for Agents
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy





Orbitz Rewards



Orbitz Rewards
VIP Hotels
Visa Card
Benefits
Promotions





Other Links



Vacation Packages
Car Rental
Cruises
Travel Blog
Customer Support
Price Guarantee
Travel Deals
Mobile
Vacations by Interest







©2017 Orbitz, LLC. All rights reserved. Orbitz, Orbitz.com, and the Orbitz logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Orbitz, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos or product and company names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners. 



 


















































