



Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1d54b110-7000-11e7-887d-9bca28a8a833
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1d82c5f0-7000-11e7-b7d6-6d3dd2450d61
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1dae42c0-7000-11e7-ba86-1f4f238ff3b0
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          



















Menderes Akdag - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Menderes Akdag
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at PetMed Express, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Menderes Akdag? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Menderes Akdag's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Menderes Akdag's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Menderes Akdag's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Menderes Akdag through your network of contacts.
												








Menderes Akdag's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
PetMed Express, Inc.


Past
To view Menderes Akdag's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															University of Florida


Age
56

 
 


Menderes Akdag's Biography



Mr. Akdag has served as the Company's Chief Executive Officer since March, 2001 and as President since August, 2005, and was appointed to the Board of Directors in November, 2002, bringing a breadth of experience in the areas of direct response marketing, operations, and finance. Mr. Akdag is also a member of the Company's Investment Committee. 
 
Mr. Akdag has played a vital role in the continuing development and implementation of the Company's strategic business plan, leading the Company into its expansion into online retail sales and pursuing nationwide recognition of the Company's brand. At the time Mr. Akdag accepted the position as Ch ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Akdag has served as the Company's Chief Executive Officer since March, 2001 and as President since August, 2005, and was appointed to the Board of Directors in November, 2002, bringing a breadth of experience in the areas of direct response marketing, operations, and finance. Mr. Akdag is also a member of the Company's Investment Committee. 
 
Mr. Akdag has played a vital role in the continuing development and implementation of the Company's strategic business plan, leading the Company into its expansion into online retail sales and pursuing nationwide recognition of the Company's brand. At the time Mr. Akdag accepted the position as Chief Executive Officer, the Company had net operating losses and an accumulated deficit. Since he joined the Company, annual sales have increased from $10.0 million to $249.2 million, and the diluted earnings per share have increased, from a $0.28 loss to $1.17 earnings. 
 
In 2009, Mr. Akdag was an Ernst & Young� Entrepreneur of the Year Florida Winner in the retail category as well as a national finalist. Recognized globally, the award honors the most outstanding entrepreneurs who inspire others with their vision, leadership, and achievement. Mr. Akdag holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration with a major in finance from the University of Florida where he graduated with high honors. 
 
Prior to joining PetMed Express, Mr. Akdag served as Chief Executive Officer of International Cosmetics Marketing Co. d/b/a Beverly Sassoon & Co., a publicly held (PS:SASN) direct sales company distributing skin care and nutritional products, from November 2000 until March, 2001. From May 1991 until August 2000, Mr. Akdag was employed by Lens Express, Inc., a direct sales company distributing replacement contact lenses. While there, Mr. Akdag served as Chief Financial Officer from May 1991 until August 1992, as Chief Executive Officer from August 1992 until May 1996, and as President from May 1996 until August 2000. From May 1991 until May 1996, Mr. Akdag was also a member of the Board of Directors. 
 
Mr. Akdag's wide-ranging expertise in strategic planning, direct response marketing, operations and finance, and his leadership capabilities, are recognized as invaluable by the Board of Directors. As a member of the Board, Mr. Akdag is able to offer our Board of Directors critical insight into Company-specific issues, and to make very significant contributions to the Board's decision-making processes.
		
Source: PetMed Express, Inc. on 06/12/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Menderes Akdag's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Menderes Akdag. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Menderes Akdag's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Menderes Akdag's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Menderes Akdag through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Menderes Akdag


















Menderes Akdag's Connections (7)





Sign up now to view Menderes Akdag's 7 connections »









Ronald J. Korn
Board Member, PetMed Express, Inc.









MARC PULEO
Former Chairman of Board, PetMed Express, Inc.









Gian M. Fulgoni
Chief Executive Officer and Director, comScore, Inc.









Frank J. Formica
Board Member, PetMed Express, Inc.









Robert C. Schweitzer
Chairman of the Board, PetMed Express, Inc.









Bruce S. Rosenbloom
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, PetMed Express, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1ecc35e0-7000-11e7-aa62-6f0052ab56de
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1f008c50-7000-11e7-9df6-3d1dfd39a941
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1f2c3030-7000-11e7-ade0-0f5c687b2c34
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          













PetMed Express - Wikipedia





















 






PetMed Express

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from PetMeds)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PetMed Express, Inc.


Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PETS
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Online pharmacy


Founded
1996


Headquarters
Pompano Beach, Florida


Products
Animal drugs


Website
www.1800petmeds.com


PetMed Express, Inc. also known as 1-800-PetMeds,[1] is an online pharmacy, based in the United States, that sells drugs for pets.
Business[edit]
PetMed Express is an online pharmacy that sells drugs for pets.[2]
Its business directly competes with veterinarians, who derive some of their income from selling pet drugs, which has created problems for the company because it can only fill prescriptions written by a veterinarian.[2][3] This competition, the company's refusal to disclose to veterinarians where it obtains its drugs and how it handles them, and the company's business practices has created distrust in the veterinary community from early on in the company's history.[4]
PetMed Express is licensed or authorized to conduct business in all 50 states in the United States[5] and has received Vet-VIPPS accreditation by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy (NABP).[6]
History[edit]
Petmed Express was founded in Florida in 1996.[7] Its stock was traded on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol PETS from September 1997 until March 2000; in March 2000 the company began the process of becoming listed on the National Quotation Bureau Electronic Quotation Service and became responsible for reporting to the SEC.[7][8] Marc Puleo, an anesthesiologist, was the founding CEO.[7]
Until 2002 PetMed Express and a company called Savemax Inc. operated in the same premises, shared staff, and operated under the same pharmacy licenses; according to the lawyer for both companies, Savemax was formed because of "a concern over PetMed's liability, and whether it [would] continue."[9]
From 1999 to 2002, PetMed Express and SaveMax were charged with violating the pharmaceutical law in several states. In one instance it was fined by the Environmental Protection Agency for selling drugs in metric doses, and has also received a warning letter from the FDA for selling misbranded drugs.[7][10]
In 1999, PetMed Express settled charges with the Florida Pharmacy Board for selling drugs that did not have prescriptions, false advertising, poor record keeping, and not labelling drugs correctly; PetMed Express paid a fine of around $30,000, agreed to send its pharmacist for further education, agreed to random inspections, and agreed to provide regular reports to the board.[9]
In 2001, Menderes Akdag became the CEO.[11]
In 2002, PetMed Express and Savemax were fined by the EPA for selling drugs marked with metric doses;[10] the drugs were made by Novartis for sale in Europe and Australia and the doses and labelling were not FDA-approved and Novartis sued the two companies for damages.[12]
In 2002, PetMed Express, this time with Savemax, was again charged by the Florida Pharmacy Board for contracting with veterinarians to write prescriptions for animals they had never examined, for selling animals drugs that had not been approved by the FDA, and for sharing its pharmacy license with SaveMax; PetMed Express agreed to dismantle the program, pay penalties, agree to random inspections, and provide free drugs to the community, and to have Savemax move to a different facility and obtain its own license.[9] The Florida board provided information to national boards and encouraged other state boards to take actions against veterinarians who had worked with PetMed Express to provide prescriptions for animals they had not examined.[9] In the same year, the company settled similar charges in Ohio[13]
In November 2002 the pharmacy board in Texas filed a lawsuit charging PetMed Express with dispensing veterinary drugs without prescriptions.[10] The case was settled in 2006 with a $50,000 fine and three years probation.[14]
The company's 2002 annual report said that its gross profits increased 261 percent in that year and were about $9.5 million and that its sales had increased by 220 percent over the last year.[9]
In 2004 securities class action lawsuits were filed against the company a month after it announced that its earnings were well below the guidance it had provided. The plaintiffs claimed that management had known that its business model competing with veterinarians was not sustainable and that as an unauthorized reseller of drugs, it could not control its supply. In 2005, the lawsuits were voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs.[15]
The company was picked 4th among Forbes magazine's 200 Best Small Business Companies in 2006 and number 6 in 2007.[16][17] BusinessWeek named PetMed Express number 27 of its top 100 "Hot Growth Companies" in 2006.[18]
In January 2007, PetMed Express began airing television commercials featuring actress and animal activist Betty White.[19]
References[edit]


^ "PetMed Express 10K the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016". SEC EDGAR. May 24, 2016. 
^ a b Burns, Katie (March 1, 2012). "Panel offers forum on PetMed Express". JAVMA News. 
^ Fiala, Jennifer (January 16, 2012). "Veterinarians confront Internet pharmacy PetMed Express". Veterinary Information Network, Inc. 
^ Holm, Kelsey (July 9, 2005). "Local veterinarians shy away from online pharmacies". Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier. 
^ "Pharmacy Licensure". 1800PetMeds. Retrieved 17 December 2016. 
^ "Vet-VIPPS Accredited Pharmacies List". National Association of Boards of Pharmacy. Retrieved 17 December 2016. 
^ a b c d "Petmed Express: Form 10-KSB". SEC EDGAR. July 16, 2001. 
^ "PetMed Express: Amendment No. 2 to Form 10-SB". SEC EDGAR. March 13, 2000. 
^ a b c d e O'Rourke, Kate (June 1, 2002). "Florida Board of Pharmacy disciplines PetMed Express, Savemax". JAVMA News. 
^ a b c Fiala, Jennifer (November 1, 2002). "Texas slaps PetMed Express with lawsuit". dvm360. 
^ "Press release: PetMed Express Announces Appointment of Menderes Akdag as Its CEO". PetMed. March 28, 2001. 
^ "Novartis sues Internet pharmacies for prescription drug violations". JAVMA News. May 1, 2002. 
^ "PetMed Express disciplined by Ohio State Board of Pharmacy". JAVMA News. August 1, 2002. 
^ "PetMed Express settles legal battle with Texas". dvm360. UBM Life Sciences. September 1, 2006. Retrieved December 23, 2016. 
^ "Case Page: PetMed Express Inc. Securities Litigation". Securities Class Action Clearinghouse. Retrieved 17 December 2016. 
^ "Forbes 200 Best Small Companies of 2006". Forbes.com. Retrieved 3 Nov 2014. 
^ "Forbes 200 Best Small Companies of 2007". Forbes.com. Retrieved 3 Nov 2014. 
^ "Top 100 Hot Growth Companies for 2006". BusinessWeek.com. Retrieved 2007-12-17. 
^ Brohan, Mark (January 17, 2007). "Animal advocate Betty White signs on with 1-800-PetMeds". Internet Retailer. 






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PetMed_Express&oldid=780224156"					
Categories: Online retailers of the United StatesCompanies based in Broward County, FloridaCompanies established in 1996Veterinary medicine companiesCompanies listed on NASDAQPompano Beach, Florida 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 May 2017, at 18:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 


















PetMed Express' (PETS) CEO Menderes Akdag on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

















































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > Quotes > PETS > Call Transcripts













PetMed Express, Inc. (PETS) 


PETS 
$40.54
*  
1.55

3.98%
Get PETS Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 21, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading PETS now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
Industry: Health Care 
Community Rating:  



















NDAQ





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks














Transcript by:


Start Time: 08:30End Time: 08:53PetMed Express, Inc. (PETS)Q2 2015 Earnings Conference CallOctober 20, 2014, 08:30 AM ETExecutivesMenderes Akdag - Chairman, President and CEOBruce Rosenbloom - CFOAnalystsKevin Ellich - Piper JaffrayErin Wilson - Bank of America Merrill LynchMichael Kupinski - Noble FinancialAnthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co.Mitchell Bartlett - Craig-HallumPresentationOperatorCompare to:Previous Statements by PETS» PetMed Express' (PETS) CEO, Menderes Akdag on Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript» PetMed Express' (PETS) CEO Mendo Akdag on Q4 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript» PetMed Express Management Discusses Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptWelcome to the PetMed Express, Inc., doing business as 1-800-PetMeds, Conference Call to review the Financial Results for the Second Fiscal Quarter ended on September 30, 2014. At the request of the company, this conference call is being recorded.Founded in 1996, 1-800-PetMeds is America’s largest pet pharmacy delivering prescription and non-prescription pet medications and other health products for dogs and cats direct to the consumer. 1-800-PetMeds markets its products through national television, online, direct mail and print advertising campaigns, which direct consumers to order by phone or on the Internet and aim to increase the recognition of the PetMed’s family of brand names. 1-800-PetMeds provides an attractive alternative for obtaining pet medications in terms of convenience, price, ease of ordering and rapid home delivery.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the company’s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bruce Rosenbloom. Sir, you may begin.Bruce RosenbloomThank you. I would like to welcome everybody here today. Before I turn the call over to Menderes Akdag, our President and Chief Executive Officer, I would like to remind everyone that the first portion of this conference call will be listen-only until the question-and-answer session, which will be later in the call. Also, certain information that will be included in this press conference may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or the Securities and Exchange Commission that may involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions we have used based upon the information currently available to us. Because these statements reflect our current views concerning future events, these statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual future results may vary significantly based on a number of factors that may cause the actual results or events to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. We have identified various risk factors associated with our operations in our most recent annual report and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now let me introduce today’s speaker, Menderes Akdag, the President and Chief Executive Officer of 1-800-PetMeds. Menderes?Menderes AkdagThank you, Bruce. Welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, we will review the highlights of our financial results. We’ll compare our second fiscal quarter and six months ended on September 30, 2014 to last year’s quarter and six months ended on September 30, 2013.For the second fiscal quarter ended on September 30, 2014, sales were $57.6 million compared to $60.5 million for the same period the prior year, a decrease of 4.8%. For the six months ended on September 30, 2014, sales were $130.1 million compared to $134.7 million for the same six months the prior year, a decrease of 3.4%.The decreases in sales were due to decreases in new order and reorder sales. The weakness in demand for flea and tick topicals negatively impacted sales. The average order value was approximately $75 for the quarter compared to $73 for the same quarter the prior year.Excluding a one-time charge for IT-related discontinued project for the second fiscal quarter, net income was $3.8 million or $0.19 diluted per share compared to $4.2 million or $0.21 diluted per share for the same quarter of the prior year. And for the six months, net income was $8.8 million or $0.44 diluted per share compared to $8.9 million or $0.44 diluted per share a year ago.The one-time IT-related discontinued project charge was $1.7 million before taxes and the net after-tax impact of this charge was $1.1 million or $0.05 diluted per share. The discontinued project was for a new software platform. We concluded that it was not in the best interest of the company to proceed with it. We decided to stay with and upgrade our current platform.Reorder sales decreased by 4.6% to $46.6 million for the quarter compared to reorder sales of $48.9 million for the same quarter the prior year. For the six months, reorder sales decreased by 2.5% to $105.1 million compared to $107.9 million for the same period last year.New order sales decreased by 5.6% to $11 million for the quarter compared to $11.6 million for the same period the prior year. For the six months, the new order sales decreased by 6.8% to $25 million compared to $26.8 million for the same period last year.We acquired approximately 152,000 new customers in our second fiscal quarter compared to 169,000 for the same period the prior year. And we acquired approximately 336,000 new customers in the six months compared to 376,000 for the same period a year ago. Approximately 80% of our sales was generated on our Website for the quarter compared to 79% for the same period the prior year.The seasonality in our business is due to the proportion of flea, tick and heartworm medications in our product mix. Spring and summer are considered peak seasons with fall and winter being the offseason.Read the rest of this transcript for free on seekingalpha.com


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




















































Menderes Akdag | PetMed Express, Inc. | Email CEO @1800petmeds.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    PetMed Express, Inc.





1800petmeds.com





1441 SW 29th Avenue                 
                 
Pompano Beach, FL 33069
Phone: 954-979-5995
Fax: 800-600-8285










 





                        Ticker: PETS 








Type:

                    Public                
Employees:

250 - 499

Revenue: 

100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                    Retail->Drugs                
SIC Code:  
                     5961  - Catalog and Mail-order Houses
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Advertising
Analytics
AudioVideo
eCommerce










Google Adsense
Google AdSense provides a free, flexible way to earn money from your websites, mobile sites, and site search results with relevant and engaging ads.






Advertising.com
Advertising.com is a massive premium, cross-screen network with 596M global unique visitors, programmatic buying, a proprietary DSP, and network-exclusive access to AOL inventory.






Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            February 02, 2016 - Hiring Plans
Amount170
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Bruce Rosenbloom                                    

Title: CFO








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Menderes Akdag                                    

Title: President / CEO








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Alex Irvin                                    

Title: Marketing Director







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                3                                

                                    of 31 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS
















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Want to know how to get in touch with them? Lead411 has the email addresses of PetMed Express, Inc.'s top officials for the company domain @1800petmeds.com format.  PetMed Express, Inc. is a Drugs company centred in Pompano Beach, FL and our profiles could include more contact information like cfo people, linkedin contacts, phone numbers and facebook pages.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@1800petmeds.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Menderes Akdag
PetMed Express, Inc.'s President / CEO is where Menderes Akdag is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Menderes Akdag. They are based in Pompano Beach, FL, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Drugs industry. Menderes Akdag's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other PetMed Express, Inc. email addresses on Lead411 with the @1800petmeds.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Menderes Akdag are MAkdag@1800petmeds.com, Menderes.Akdag@1800petmeds.com, Menderes@1800petmeds.com, and Menderes_Akdag@1800petmeds.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@1800petmeds.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
RxStrategies
The company profile also contains facebook info, phone numbers, linkedin accounts, cfo contacts, and RxStrategies email format addresses with the domain of @340bplus.com. RxStrategies, a Drugs company has its main office in Boca Raton, FL.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@340bplus.com addresses.
Navarro Discount Pharmacies
This includes Navarro Discount Pharmacies email format addresses with the @navarro.com domain, contacts, phone numbers, linkedin info, cfo employees, and facebook profiles. Navarro Discount Pharmacies is a Drugs business with its headquarters based in Coral Gables, FL.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@navarro.com addresses.
Beutlich LP
Looking for company data regarding Beutlich LP's CEO or CFO? Beutlich LP is part of the Drugs field and are located in the area of Bunnell, FL. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include Beutlich LP email addresses marked by the domain format @beutlich.com.  Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@beutlich.com addresses.




Company Directory > PetMed Express, Inc.























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.





Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: Petmed Express Inc (PETS.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerConsumer Non-CyclicalsDrug Retailers












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				PETS.O on Nasdaq


				40.54USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $1.55


					            (+3.98%)
					        






Prev Close

$38.99


Open

$39.07




Day's High

$40.55


Day's Low

$39.00




Volume

1,068,821


Avg. Vol

453,955




52-wk High

$41.73


52-wk Low

$18.90










	Akdag, Menderes 





	Mr. Menderes Akdag serves as President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of PetMed Express Inc. Mr. Akdag has served as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since March, 2001 and as President since August, 2005, and was appointed to the Board of Directors in November, 2002, bringing a breadth of experience in the areas of direct response marketing, operations, and finance. Mr. Akdag is also a member of the Company’s Investment Committee. In 2009, Mr. Akdag was an Ernst & Young® Entrepreneur of the Year Florida Winner in the retail category as well as a national finalist. Recognized globally, the award honors the entrepreneurs who inspire others with their vision, leadership, and achievement. Mr. Akdag holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration with a major in finance from the University of Florida where he graduated with high honors. Prior to joining PetMed Express, Mr. Akdag served as Chief Executive Officer of International Cosmetics Marketing Co. d/b/a Beverly Sassoon & Co., a publicly held (PS:SASN) direct sales company distributing skin care and nutritional products, from November 2000 until March, 2001. From May 1991 until August 2000, Mr. Akdag was employed by Lens Express, Inc., a direct sales company distributing replacement contact lenses. While there, Mr. Akdag served as Chief Financial Officer from May 1991 until August 1992, as Chief Executive Officer from August 1992 until May 1996, and as President from May 1996 until August 2000. From May 1991 until May 1996, Mr. Akdag was also a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Akdag also serves on the Board of Directors of Integrity Tracking LLC (Mobile Help), a privately-held company in which he is a minority investor.



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, USD
550,000


Restricted Stock Awards, USD
2,096,400


Long-Term Incentive Plans, USD
--


All Other, USD
248,541


Fiscal Year Total, USD
2,894,940








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Robert Schweitzer

--




							Menderes Akdag

2,894,940




							Bruce Rosenbloom

546,424




							Frank Formica

--




							Gian Fulgoni

--




							Ronald Korn

--



As Of 
30 Mar 2016

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerConsumer Non-CyclicalsDrug Retailers

























Getting better - Smart Business Magazine
































































 





Smart Business Magazine







LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
rss
 



Search for:





 



                Florida
    




Getting better

By: No Author |  12:00am EDT June 26, 2009 






Winner
Retail and Consumer Products
Menderes Akdag isn’t the type to achieve success and then rest on his laurels. Instead, the president and CEO of PetMed Express Inc., which does business as 1-800-PetMeds, an online pet store, is always looking to improve the projects he is working on. 
Growing up in Turkey, Akdag found his way to the University of Florida, where he earned a degree in finance. After working a few post-college jobs in the U.S. and Turkey, he joined Lens Express in Deerfield Beach, where he worked his way from CFO to COO in a year. 
But he wasn’t satisfied with that level of success and left in 2001 to become CEO of PetMed Express, which was losing money and needed revamping. At the time, the company was primarily a catalog sales business, selling more than 2,500 pet-related products, but Akdag cut that down to 500, focusing on high-dollar and high-margin pet medications while also leading the company into online retail sales. 
Because of his expertise in direct response advertising, Akdag reached the right customers and focused on strategies to retain customers, such as reminders to reorder pet medication when supplies should be running out, which led to a high level of customer satisfaction as well as increased repeat sales. 
The company has faced opposition by veterinarians who historically controlled pet medication distribution, but strategic relationships and negotiations, pricing and customer service led it to succeed.
Within his first year as CEO, Akdag led the company to positive results for the first time, and it’s still growing. Net sales for the quarter and nine months ending Dec. 31, 2008, were up 16 percent compared to the previous year, and earnings per share for the nine months ending the same date were up 18 percent. 
How to reach: 1-800-PetMeds, (800) 738-6337 or www.1800petmeds.com






Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 





 


You Might Also LikeNew year: new goals, behaviors, tasksKey strategies on how to retain customersIs there a hole in your bucket?  New Convero name marks focus on customer engagement, retentionNavigating challengesSix key tactics to improve customer service 





   Menderes Akdag | PetMed Express Inc | ZoomInfo.com