

Clintonlallen Products Page




Clinton L Allen Monuments,
Inc.
 



Maryville, Missouri

Red Oak, Iowa

Shenandoah, Iowa

Clarinda, Iowa



980 S. Main Street

413 East Reed Street

409 W. Sheridan Ave.

214 N. 16th Street



64468

51566

51601

51632



660-582-4791

712-623-3877

712-246-1623

712-542-2424



A Respected Name in Monuments for almost a century.


 


Clinton L Allen Monuments, Inc. has many
  styles of monuments to choose from.   Please review some of our
  samples and let us know how we can be of assistance.

 


 
 

[ Home ] [ Granite ] [ Bronze ]
 







Clinton Bench | Ottomans & Benches



















































Ethan Allen Disney



ethanallen.com








buy more, save more: Save up to 20% sitewide & storewide
Details >









Ethan Allen






buy more, save more: Save up to 20% sitewide & storewide
Details >



Shop








Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.





` 


Home
/
shop
/
furniture
/
living room
/
ottomans & benches
/
Clinton Bench









Clinton Bench

Details
http://www.ethanallen.com/en_US/shop-furniture-living-room-ottomans-benches/clinton-bench/202067.html

Item #: 202067





Starting at 





$999.00



999.0



        Dimensions: 64"w x 26"d x 36"h
    




Images






















































Ethan Allen Facebook
Ethan Allen Twitter
Ethan Allen Pinterest
Ethan Allen Google Plus













Email



Print




								
									Add to My Projects
								
							

















Clinton Bench


Details
http://www.ethanallen.com/en_US/shop-furniture-living-room-ottomans-benches/clinton-bench/202067.html

Item #: 202067



        Ottomans & Benches
    





Starting at 





$999.00



999.0



        Dimensions: 64"w x 26"d x 36"h
    





IF YOUR TOTAL IS…
up to $999, SAVE 15%
$1000-$1999, SAVE 18%
$2000 or more, SAVE 20%
Exclusions may apply. Offer ends July 31, 2017 at 11:59pm ET.




Shipping: 


Custom made, ships Premier In-home Delivery.  You will be contacted within 6 to 8 weeks to schedule a delivery date for this item. 








CUSTOMIZE IT & BUY
Custom


Add to cart options

Product Actions



Starting at 





$999.00



999.0



Qty







Add to Cart





Dress this item any way you like with our beautiful selection of fashionable fabrics. 
 


START NOW











Want even more custom options? You should see what we have in-store for you!  Learn more>

 







Ethan Allen Facebook
Ethan Allen Twitter
Ethan Allen Pinterest
Ethan Allen Google Plus













Email



Print




								
									Add to My Projects
								
							







Additional Information

			
				Product Details
			  
		

Dinner party or cozy night in—however it’s used, the Clinton bench is bound to become a favorite seat at the table. Atop its slim, tapered legs, Clinton's simple, clean lines are an inviting canvas for pattern, color, or even leather in the dining room. Also available in Design Centers: Clinton armchair (202073) and side chair (202068).

High back dining bench
Hand-tailored in our North American workshops
Tight back and welted seat
Available in leather in Design Centers
Stain-resistant fabric
Custom options are available in Design Centers


Additional Information

Interior seating area: 64"w x 18"d
Seat back: 16"h
Seat height (floor to top cushion): 20"

 

The dimensions listed are not precise measurements; they have been rounded up to the next whole inch. Because hand-tailoring our upholstery involves manually cutting, sewing, and fitting material to frames,the dimensions of each style may vary slightly from piece to piece.

 
Composition and Construction

Seven-ply engineered hardwood panels with glued and stapled mortise and tenon joints for extraordinary stability
Web suspension made of top-quality materials, tested for strength and durability, provides long-lasting constant support
Foam and fiber fill provides firm support and minimizes body impressions

PRODUCT CARE AND WARRANTY


Download the  Ethan Allen Limited Warranty >
 










 



 


Scroll To Top

 










Van Allen History






Clinton IAGenWeb
The more we share the more we have to share


Home
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Search




History
People
Places
Records
Resources






The Van Allen Building


 

The Van Allen Building Designed By Louis H. Sullivan 1913-1914 
     Transcriber Note: Articles appear in ascending order, by year.

      BEGIN TO RAZE OLD BUILDING
  

      From: The Clinton Herald; March 5, 1913, P. 6 
    Transcribed by a Clinton County IaGenWeb volunteer.
       WEST BUILDING OF VAN ALLEN PROPERTY BEING DISMANTLED FOR NEW STRUCTURE.
        OLD LANDMARKS GO.
        Was Formerly the Cherry Building, Erected in 1870 – Other Buildings Will be 
        Razed About April 1 When Building Will Begin.

        Workmen have commenced the work of dismantling and razing the west building on 
        the property owned by J. D. Van Allen & Son at the northwest corner of Fifth 
        avenue and Second street, preparatory to the erection of the modern new store 
        building which will be built by the firm and occupied with an up-to-date store. 
        Store rooms in the corner building are occupied by tenants who have leases until 
        April and the work of tearing down that building will not be commenced until 
        after that date. The erection of the new structure, it is expected, will be 
        started about then.

        The west building on the property, however, is being torn down at this time in 
        order to provide for the building of the party wall for the Van Allen building 
        and the F. W. Woolworth building just west. The old building on the Woolworth 
        property is also being razed. In the destruction of the old buildings, some 
        Clinton landmarks are making way for new and modern structures. The Van Allen 
        building now being razed was formerly the Cherry block and was built about 1870, 
        while the building on the corner was erected n 1868. The Woolworth building, 
        formerly owned by the Siddle estate, was also an old one.

New Van Allen Building Will Be Modern and Complete in Details
    The Clinton Herald; April 30, 1913, P. 7
    SPLENDID STRUCTURE TO RISE ON SITE OF OLD BLOCK NOW RAZED.
    PLANS FOR STORE.

 Description of the New Store to be Occupied by John D. Van Allen & Son Given – 
        Will Have Bargain, Rest Rooms and Other Features.

        A splendid four-story store building is to rise on the site of the old building, 
        at Fifth avenue and Second street, now razed and the construction of the new 
        structure for John D. Van Allen & Son is now under way. The Herald herewith 
        presents a picture of the handsome building as it will appear when completed and 
        below is a description of the store made by representatives of the architects.

 John D. Van Allen & Son’s new store building now in process of construction at 
        Fifth avenue and Second street is to be up to date in all respects, and arranged 
        with reference to the future growth of the business. It will be built at present 
        four stories and basement, but is planned for seven stories and basement.

        The building site is 86 feet in Fifth avenue and 90 feet in Second street, with 
        a wing along the west line, 22 feet wide running north 140 feet to the alley. 
        The entire site will be covered by the new building. 

        The plan of the building is unique in the respect that counters, showcases and 
        aisles were laid out first for the best results, and the columns were then 
        placed where they would not interfere with this working arrangement. This plan 
        has led to unusually wide spacings of columns, with resultant airiness of 
        interior affects.

        The stairway and passenger elevators are located at the north wall directly 
        opposite the Fifth avenue entrance.

 Bargain Rooms.

        There are also two entrances in Second street. Each entrance is sheltered by an 
        overhanging canopy. The front half of the basement, and extending the full width 
        under the Fifty avenue sidewalk, is to be used as a bargain salesroom, reached 
        by elevator, main stair, and a special stair in the southeast corner. The 
        remainder of the basement will be used for utilities, such as locker rooms, 
        toilet rooms, fan room, boiler room, coal storage, etc.

        In the first floor, the receiving and shipping will all be done at the alley in 
        the rear, and all under cover. All receiving will be taken care of by a 
        high-speed electric elevator, and packages for delivery will be sent from each 
        floor to the shipping room, by a spiral conveyor, as well as by the freight 
        elevator. The remainder of the first floor will be devoted entirely to 
        merchandising.

 Rest Room.

        A half-flight up from the main floor in a mezzanine in the north wing will be 
        installed a ladies’ rest room, check room, and other conveniences.

        The basement and first floor will be provided with an up-to-date system of 
        ventilation. The fresh air supply will first be filtered, then passing through 
        the tempering and reheating coils, will be forced by an electrically operated 
        high-power fan through ducts and registers to all parts of the basement and 
        first floor. This fan will deliver 15,000 cubic feet of fresh air per minute, 
        which means a complete change of air in the basement every eight minutes and in 
        the main floor, every fifteen minutes. The main blast fan will be supplemented 
        by a powerful exhaust fan, which will draw the air from all toilet rooms 
        throughout the building changing the air every five minutes. The main floor is 
        arranged to accommodate the general dry goods, notions and men’s furnishings.

        Upper Floors.

        The second floor is to be a salesroom for women’s ready-to-wear clothing. In the 
        northeast corner of this floor, adjacent to the passenger elevator, will be the 
        main office.

        The third floor will be devoted to carpets, rugs, bedding, draperies, fort, 
        convenience and safety of curtains, etc.

        The fourth floor will be used for purposes to be decided upon later.

        The floor space of the building will be approximately 45,000 square feet.

        On the second, third and fourth floors, a workroom will occupy the wing at the 
        north. An electrically operated passenger elevator will take patrons to all 
        floors, including the basement. Provision is made for a second passenger 
        elevator, in case of need. All elevators run in fireproof enclosures, with steel 
        doors at each floor.

        The stairway will also be in a fireproof enclosure with automatic fuse lock 
        doors at each floor thereby providing a safe passage by stair as well as by 
        elevators and limiting the possibility of fire to each floor only.
   


Historic American Building Survey Drawings


 


Click for larger views.


Page 1
Page 2
Page 3
Page 4
Page 5
Page 6
Page 7
Page 8


 
        Thoroughly Fireproof.

        Every precaution has been taken to make this a thoroughly fireproof building. 
        The main construction is a steel frame, the plastering is on wire cloth, and a 
        complete automatic sprinkler system will take care of every part of the 
        building. All partitions are fireproof.

        In short nothing has been overlooked that will provide for the compatrons, as 
        well as the facilities for doing business, and the health and well being of 
        employes.

        The electric lighting system will be modern and complete in every way. All exits 
        will be indicated by red lights. And, as an extra precaution, gas lights are 
        provided.

        The plumbing and drainage are up to the best sanitary standards. There will be a 
        bubbling fountain at each floor, for drinking water.

        The trim of the interior is to be all in hard woods, artistically finished. 
        Special attention will be given to the show rooms for window display. The 
        basement will be finished in white enamel, the main floor in mahogany, and above 
        in red gum.

        There will be a complete intercommunicating telephone system, as well as trunk 
        lines for general use.

        The exterior of the structure is of a simple, dignified and refined design. The 
        materials are Roman brick of a soft, mottled brownish tone, with terra cotta to 
        match. All openings will be filled with polished plate glass.

        In fine, the desire has been to provide the city of Clinton with the best retail 
        dry goods store that architectural genius and a spirit loyal to the city and its 
        future can devise.
   
 VAN ALLEN STORE ON OLD CORNER 
        The Clinton Herald, July 30, 1914, P. 5.
        J.D. VAN ALLEN & SON REMOVE FROM TEMPORARY QUARTERS IN HOWES BLOCK.
        IN NEW BUILDING.

 But Now Housed in Splendid New Modern Four Story Steel Construction Building – 
        Is Completely Fire-Proof – Formal Opening Later.

        J. D. Van Allen & Son and their clerks are home again – back on the old corner, 
        northwest corner of Fifth avenue and Second street, where the firm was long in 
        business. They were greeting old friends and patrons, however, in a brand new 
        building, the most modern structure of its kind in the city.

        Removal of the stock from the temporary quarters in the Howes block, occupied 
        while the new building was under construction, was completed through night work 
        Wednesday. In fact the removal process has been under way for days and days and 
        nights and nights. Not all of the fixtures have been transferred, but they will 
        be in the course of a few days.

        Everything in the new store is in as ship-shape as possible, enough so that it 
        is possible to transact business, but the formal opening will not take place 
        until later when everything has been put in its place and the store is in the 
        spick and span condition that it is the intention to maintain.

        Admire New Building.

        Many old friends called Thursday to admire the handsome new home of the dry 
        goods firm. The erection of the modern four-story building has been under way 
        for fifteen months, ground being broken in May, 1913. For months prior to that, 
        however, the work of dismantling the old building had been in progress. 
        Unseasonable weather conditions greatly delayed the work but the firm now has a 
        building of which it is justifiably proud.

        It is of steel construction, entirely fire-proof, with the latest pattern 
        elevators. The fixtures are Clinton-made. In fact so far as possible, the 
        building throughout is a “Made in Clinton” structure. Owing to the fact that the 
        steel is heavier than usual in building, on account of the large store-rooms on 
        each floor without intervening walls, the construction was necessarily slow. 
        Only one life was lost in its erection, an unusual record.

        Remodel Howes Block.

        Even before the firm had removed from its quarters in the Howes block, the 
        remodeling of that building was under way. The basement, first and second floors 
        are to be entirely remodeled. There will be store-rooms in the basement and on 
        the first floor and office suites and quarters for a business college on the 
        second floor.

        Owing to the illness of ex-Mayor E. M. Howes, it was impossible to secure 
        definite plans for the work. The basement, however, will afford quarters for a 
        barber shop, pool room and other similar enterprises. On the first floor will be 
        quarters for a cigar store to be operated by Walter Ray and Frank E. Lee, a 
        restaurant and other stores. 

NEW VAN ALLEN STORE PALACE FOR SHOPPERS 
    The Clinton Herald, September 29, 1914, P. 4

LIKE “SHOPPERS PARADISE” RAISED AT BEHEST OF MODERN ALLADIN.
    IT IS ALL MODERN.

 Every Convenience for Shoppers and to Facilitate Service Contained in Four Story 
        Structure – Is Entirely Departmental.

        “Clinton’s Shopping Palace” or “Shoppers’ Paradise” might well designate the 
        splendid new merchandising establishment of John D. Van Allen & Son with its 
        modern facilities for comfortable shopping, its rest room, day nursery, 
        supervised play room for the children while mother or father or both are bargain 
        hunting, its well lighted departments, pneumatic cash carrier service, automatic 
        air changing fans, elevator service, free telephones, closely departmentized 
        system, variety of wares, drinking fountains, fire protection and a thousand and 
        one other things that make it a place of enchantment for the shopping public.

 Like an Aladdin’s fairy place, the wonderful four story building rears itself 
        from the corner once occupied by one of Clinton’s oldest and least modern 
        buildings. Had not Clinton people, themselves, witnessed the change, marking 
        with interest the progress, it would hardly seem possible that only seventeen 
        months ago the work of razing the old building was begun, May 1, 1913, marking 
        the beginning of that work. During May and June the cleaning away of the 
        building was in progress and Contractor Dan Haring then began the erection of 
        the new structure, which was occupied July 25, 1914, although not ready for the 
        formal opening until now.

        And had it not been that fate intervened, the building would have long since 
        been completed. It was September 5 before the steel arrived and well remembered 
        are the difficulties experienced in the excavations when rain many times 
        threatened to effectually stop the work for long periods, how electric pumps 
        were worked and every effort made to hurry the work. But despite the delays and 
        the hamperings by man and nature, the building now stands a monument to its 
        owners and builders, one of the modern structures in the city. Furthermore, it 
        is a Clinton made product practically throughout, even to the fixtures.

        Is Complete Store.

 To become thoroughly acquainted with the store in all its little details, to 
        know just why the air is so pure, the lighting so good, the fire protection so 
        complete, the service so prompt and courteous, the delivery system so pleasing, 
        etc., is a full day’s job and it would be a pleasing one at that. But the 
        store’s patrons have no necessity for paying attention to details. They are all 
        worked out by machinery and employees and system. For the patrons it is 
        sufficient to know that all of those accommodations and more are at their 
        fingers’ tips when they enter the store.

        There is system on every hand, working so smoothly that no one can realize that 
        it is the answer to the whys and wherefores of the easy shopping experience in 
        the store. All of the wares are departmentized and patrons soon learn just where 
        they can find exactly what they want and furthermore they will surely be able to 
        find what they want form the cheapest to the most expensive article, from dry 
        goods to art goods, wall paper, decorative material and pictures, from men’s 
        haberdashery to the daintiest of dainties for the chubby little cherub in the 
        cradle at home.

        Wonders of Store.

        Hints of the wonders of the store are to be seen in the outside of the building, 
        a substantial structure, simple, staunch, with straight lines but imposing in 
        its very simplicity and indicative of strength and solidity, like the firm it 
        houses and whose coat of arms it bears. The show windows, too, carry the same 
        impression, solid and substantial with mahogany backs and mirror ends, lighted 
        at night with a perfect lighting system, displaying the goods to the best 
        advantage. And the windows of the upper floors, all large enough to admit the 
        maximum of light, are simply adorned with nest curtains, bearing the Van Allen 
        monogram. It is a distinctively Van Allen building.

 Of entrances there are three, one especially for patrons of the men’s 
        haberdashery department and two for the general public use, a large double-door 
        entrance from Fifth avenue, the main entrée to the building and other on the 
        Second street side. Over show windows are the latest pattern awnings, which 
        disappear in to the building, itself, while the entrances are canopied. Gaining 
        entrance to the first floor, patrons may descend to the basement by two 
        stairways or the elevator and may ascend to the upper floors via an easy 
        stairway or the elevator.

        Entering the store at night, they will find it lighted to perfection with the 
        new Type C 400 watt lights in the most modern lighting system. Over all exits, 
        at the elevator entrances and at the stairways they will find red exit lights, 
        one lighted with electricity and one with gas. From the ceilings interspersed 
        with the myriads of light fixtures are the sprinkler system outlets, from which 
        in event of fire would pour hundreds of gallons of water, fed from the great 
        tank on top of the building. They are set to open when the temperature reaches a 
        certain point. In addition there are numerous hydrant connections outside and 
        inside the building for fire hose, while the elevator shaft is entirely 
        enclosed.

        The remarkable purity and cleanliness of the air, no matter how crowded the 
        store may be, is noticeable. It is due to the fact that in the basement is a fan 
        room equipped with apparatus, which takes fresh air from outside the building, 
        filters it through double strength cheesecloth screens and distributes it about 
        the building at the rate of 15,000 cubic feet of fresh air every minute, giving 
        a complete change of air every fifteen minutes on the main floors and every 
        eight minutes in the basement. An exhaust fan on the fourth floor draws all of 
        the dead air from the toilets and various rooms throughout the building.

        Mechanical Equipment.

 But the above are only a few of the mechanical wonders of the building. The 
        basement is chock full of them and of other facilities in addition to the big 
        merchandising room. From the rear stairway and elevator, patrons find themselves 
        in a lobby, with the engine room to their right, wash rooms and locker rooms for 
        men employees, to the right and in front, while on the left is the decorator’s 
        room and toilet, locker and rest rooms for the women employees, the rest room to 
        be so arranged that the employees in the lunch hours during the winter and on 
        rainy days may find recreation of many kinds, enjoying their luncheons in the 
        room, reading, etc. The toilets throughout are completely sanitary, well 
        ventilated and have concealed tanks.

        Entering the engine room is found the monster switch board, controlling the 
        electrical current used in the building. Here, too, is the motor automatically 
        operating the pneumatic tube cash carrier system, the carrier traveling at the 
        rate of 40 feet a second between the various departments and the cashier’s 
        office in the basement. The motor operates at variable speeds, so arranged as to 
        use the minimum amount of electrical current for operating the system always at 
        the same speed. As more carriers are fed into the tube, the motor is 
        accelerated, the power necessary ranging from 1.3 horse-power to 8 horse-power. 

        Then in the basement is the plant for furnishing hot water throughout the 
        building and the vacuum steam heating plant with its two monster boilers. Into 
        the basement, too, empties the waste paper chute, carrying the waste paper from 
        all floors. It is baled in the basement and then disposed of. In addition the 
        engine room contains a coal room, filled from the alley in the rear of the 
        building, an ash room, where the ashes are loaded into buckets and hoisted to 
        the alley to be carried away. Finally the engine contains an apparatus for 
        heating the water in the fire protection tank on the roof, so arranged that the 
        temperature of the water in the tank is automatically recorded in the basement.

        Basement Wonders.

        From the rear stairway and the elevator exit in the basement, patrons pass 
        through the lobby and through an arcade, on either side of which are show window 
        cabinets, six in all, electrically lighted and displaying some of the basement 
        bargains. Into the main basement room, entrance to which is gained directly by 
        the front stairs.

        Just now this room is the domestic department and carries sheetings, muslins, 
        cotton bats, tennis flannels, percales and a complete toy counter. Incidentally 
        it will be the wonder of wonders for the small folks for in one corner is the 
        children’s playroom, a commodious section, fenced off, with seats about it. In 
        the center is a bog pond on which to float toy boats. There will also be 
        toboggan slides and other amusement devices and the whole will be presided over 
        by a care-taker. Here the children can be left to enjoy themselves until the 
        shopping is finished. In another corner is the cashier’s department, the 
        terminus of the cash tube system.
 
 
        First Floor.

        On the first floor there is a great variety in the offerings. For the men there 
        is a men’s department with a separate entrance from Second street: Here will be 
        found all kinds of furnishings and haberdashery, in fact everything for the male 
        shopper except clothings, hats and shoes. In this department it is aimed to 
        carry the most nobby supplies.

        For the women shoppers, there will be found the following departments:

        Wash goods, white goods and dress ginghams.

        Plain and fancy lines.

        Gloves and umbrellas, the gloves in a special and complete case, saving space 
        and facilitating selection and the umbrellas in a special dust-proof case, 
        completely glass enclosed.

        Ladies’ neck wear, laces and trimmings.

        Ladies’ hosiery.

        Plain and fancy combs, mesh bags, pocket books, vanity boxes, brushes, hat 
        boxes, toilet articles.

        Embroidery.

        Handkerchiefs and ribbons.

        Silks.

        Dress goods.

        Knit underwear.

        Notions.
 Linings.

        Patterns.

 Here also, is located the first of the janitor’s sinks to be found on every 
        floor. A pipe shaft in a separate compartment makes it possible to repair any 
        pipe in the shaft or to make any necessary changes in the piping of the building 
        without tearing up walls or floors.

        In the rear of the first floor is the delivery and truck room, shut off from the 
        alley by a steel curtain. In this room incoming goods are received, unpacked, 
        placed on the freight elevator and taken to the fourth floor, where they are 
        checked and marked. Here also is the delivery room, deliveries to be systemtized 
        with two deliveries daily north and two deliveries daily south. Everything must 
        be checked and signed for, insuring against mistakes.

        Mezzanine Floor.

        Ascending to the mezzanine floor, a bubbly drinking fountain is found and it is 
        learned there is one on every floor. The mezzanine floor is entirely given over 
        to the comfort of patrons. Here is a check room where wraps and bundles may be 
        checked. Two free telephones for the public, one for each company, toilet, wash 
        room, retiring room in the nature of a day nursery to contain a crib and couch. 
        Finally in the well-lighted rear is the spacious rest room, equipped with 
        chairs, tables, writing desks and other facilities.

        Second Floor.

        The second floor, entirely carpeted, whereas the first floor is tiled, is given 
        over to ready to wear goods and the general offices. The departments carry 
        sweaters, knit goods, ladies’ waists, muslin underwear, corsets, and infants’ 
        complete outfits. Then there are dust-proof stock rooms, so arranged, that the 
        stock can be easily reached to be exhibited on the backs of special chairs. 
        Mirrors like panels from the stock room wait separating the main storeroom.

        Set in between the stock rooms is an evening room for the ready to wear 
        department. In this room patrons may see how garments will look under the 
        artificial light at night. It is surrounded with mirrors and brilliantly 
        lighted. The infants’ outfitting room is all in white and distinctive in design, 
        occupying the south-east corner. Here is found every garment, etc., needed for 
        the little ones. The floor also contains the fur section where are shown to 
        advantage everything in the fur line. In the rear are the work and fitting rooms 
        for the ready-to-wear and corset departments.

        Third Floor.

 On the third floor is the millinery department, the art and fancy goods section 
        and sections for pictures, picture frames, mouldings, wall paper, etc., in 
        charge of Frank S. Moses. On this floor too are found draperies, art demins, 
        cretonnes, drapery material, rugs, trunks, bags and suit cases, blankets, 
        comforters, and suit cases, blankets, comforters, bed spreads and pillows. In 
        the rear is the work room for the drapery, window shade and millinery 
        departments.

        Fourth Floor.
        The fourth floor is being prepared for future use, one-third for reserve stock 
        and two-thirds for selling spaces, the stock to be determined later. In the rear 
        of this floor, Mr. Moses has his work-room and here also is located the suction 
        fan to draw the bad air from the building.

        History Of Firm.

        How the “House of Van Allen’s” Came Into Being.

        This is how the “House of Van Allen’s” came into existence.

        John D. Van Allen, senior member of the firm, was born in McHenry county, 
        Illinois, in the little village of Crystal Lake. Some forty years ago, then a 
        mere boy, he started out to fight the battles of the world. His first job 
        brought him $1.50 per week and he put in his spare moments at night school to 
        fit himself for positions still higher. And if the truth were known he was early 
        in life a familiar figure at the savings bank window.

 His career was not of the mushroom or chance variety. He was determined to learn 
        the trade of merchandising with A. T. Stewart & Co., then the largest dry goods 
        store in the United States. As the result of hard work and application to his 
        duties he gained raped promotion. He was not built to be cringing or 
        supplicating but was straight forward and independent with his employer then as 
        he is with business associates today.

        And he has a good backing for his spirit of independence. He produces the goods. 
        It has often been said that all customers look alike to John D. Van Allen and 
        that he plays no favorites. The smallest tot can do as well at his store as its 
        mother and the servant girl is accorded the same courtesy and fair dealing as 
        her employer. The wife of the millionaire takes her turn with the wife of the 
        man in her husband’s employ, while the dollar of one buys no more than the 
        dollar of the other. This independence is attributed to his makeup. He was born 
        that way, just as some men are born homely or good looking.

        Step by step he advanced until he became traveling salesman, one of the youngest 
        on the road. In 1892 he came to this city with his wife and two children, 
        looking for a location to settle down and make a home. He bought into a small 
        dry goods store with Mr. Abbott, the firm becoming Van Allen & Abbott, located 
        in Fifth avenue with a floor space of about 2,000 square feet. Afterward Mr. Van 
        Allen bought out his partner and in 1895 sold an interest to Fred Rixon, 
        annexing another room with an entrance from Second street.

        The firm then became Van Allen and Rixon, 204 to 206 Fifth avenue with a floor 
        space of 4,000 additional square feet. Later Mr. Van Allen desired to spread 
        out. So he bought out his partner and added a room of 5,500 square feet, making 
        a total of 11,000 square feet occupied by the store which was then operated 
        under the name of John D. Van Allen. Nine years ago Mr. Van Allen’s son, Fred H. 
        Van Allen, became a member of the firm and a few years ago, the building 
        occupied by the store was purchased, later razed and the splendid new building 
        erected.

        During all of his father’s merchandising and expending in Clinton, Fred h. Van 
        Allen had been going through school and college to prepare for his career. After 
        the completion of his college term, he spent a year with Marshall Field & Co. in 
        Chicago and had two years experience with one of the largest houses in New York, 
        so he was well equipped to take up the duties of a member of the firm when on 
        February 1, 1905, the firm became John D. Van Allen & Son.

TEN THOUSAND AT STORE’S OPENING 
    The Clinton Herald, October 1, 1914, P. 5
    ESTIMATED THAT NUMBER ATTENDED RECEPTION FOR PUBLIC WEDNESDAY.
    SEE FINE STOCK.

        Building and Splendid Stock of J. D. Van Allen & Son on Display – Orchestra 
        Dispenses Music and Visitors are Presented With Carnations.
        Fully ten thousand visitors attended the public reception and formal opening of 
        the new building and store of John D. Van Allen & Son, Wednesday afternoon and 
        evening, it is estimated that were impressed with the wonders of the big four 
        story and basement store building, filled with a splendid stock of bargains and 
        rare offerings. The formal opening will continue Thursday, Friday and Saturday.

        Throughout the reception hours, Wednesday from 3 to 5:30 o’clock in the 
        afternoon and 7 to 9:30 o’clock in the evening, music was dispensed by an 
        orchestra and carnations were presented to the visitors. No sales were made, the 
        clerks and other employees joining with the proprietors in courteously answering 
        questions and explaining the store’s wonders.

        There was a wonderful display of merchandise to add to the wonders of the 
        building, itself, some of the very finest goods on the market were spread on the 
        counters and otherwise displayed while the various departments fairly shown with 
        the brilliancy of their offerings. The building was and lighted throughout and 
        people were thoroughly acquainted with its facilities.

        The firm was the recipient of congratulations by the thousands from patrons, 
        friends and business associates. One of the pleasing features of the day was the 
        presentation of a huge bouquet of roses from the employees.

Clinton Has Its Own Architectural Wonder 
    The Clinton Herald; January 4, 1971, P.11

 Even though not a New York or Chicago downtown, Clinton is another location for 
        the architecturally-minded.

        Actually the exact location is on the corner of 5th Ave. S., and 2nd St., now 
        known as Petersen’s, but originally the Van Allen department Store.
        The story behind the creation of Clinton’s architecturally unique building is 
        currently featured in the January issue of “The Art Institute of Chicago” 
        magazine.
        The story began in 1910, with the firm of John D. Van Allen and Son, well 
        established in the dry goods business in Clinton, decided to expand their 
        selling power with the construction of a $100,000 store.

        The project became a reality as correspondence between the Van Allen firm and 
        famed architect Louis H. Sullivan of Chicago began in October, 1910.

 Sullivan was noted for his then avant-garde designs, a radical departure from 
        the baroque of Victorian days.

        But problems arose as the proposed drawings drifted into the $147,000 price 
        range plus continuous revisions in exterior and interior construction layouts.

        Cost of the building was whittled down to $126,226.56 plus $6,311.33 for 
        architect’s fee and steel and concrete construction was abandoned and the 
        “slow-burning” system was substituted.

 Floor joists were supported by steel columns and girders while the columns, 
        girders and ceilings were plastered on wire cloth for fire protection.

        The layouts were revised and refined from May through October of 1912, until the 
        Van Allen Company selected a local man, Daniel Haring as builder.

        Construction started in February of 1913 when test pits were sunk, and thus 
        uncovered another problem – a bed of quicksand – which called for revision of 
        the building’s foundation plans.

        The dry goods building, consisting of four floors with attic and basement, was 
        completed in 1915.

 The finished product had the exterior façade features of decorative terra cotta 
        ornaments with slender mullions extending from the second floor window to the 
        attic ending with an outburst of foliage.

        The large show windows are accented with vertical sections of black marble which 
        extend upward to the horizontal decorative band below the second floor.

        A broad strip of black marble surrounds the base of the second floor below the 
        first brick course, while the upper three story windows are framed in terra 
        cotta.

 Letters of correspondence between the Van Allen family and Sullivan were 
        recently donated to the Burnham Library of Architecture by John B. Van Allen, 
        grandson of the store’s founder.

   
 
 
 
 Van Allen Building A Landmark 
        The Clinton Herald; Saturday January 17, 1976, P. 1

 By Tom Alex, Herald Staff Writer – the Petersen Harned Von Maur Building, 
        originally the Van Allen department store, will become Clinton’s first National 
        Historic Landmark.
        The building will be listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

        Sources said that means the structure, designed by Louis Henry Sullivan (1856 – 
        1924), is of national significance and will take its place in the history of our 
        nation.

        The announcement is expected to be made officially within a week.

        Sullivan was one of America’s great advocates of modern architectural style; an 
        outspoken critic of the imitation of historic styles which dominated 
        architecture in the later 1800’s and early 1900’s.

        The Van Allen Building was his 117th building, according to Hugh Morrison, 
        author of “Louis Sullivan, Prophet of Modern Architecture.” He designed 124 
        buildings in his lifetime. Two structures completed prior to the Clinton project 
        were the People’s Savings Bank in Cedar Rapids and St. Paul’s Methodist Church, 
        also in Cedar Rapids. The two which followed his work in Clinton were the Henry 
        C. Adams building in Algona and the Merchant’s National Bank in Grinnell.

        The bank in Grinnell, now called the Poweshiek National Bank, also will be 
        declared a National Historic Landmark. One of the buildings in Cedar Rapids also 
        was under consideration, however sources said the building there apparently had 
        undergone too many changes since its original construction.

        Sullivan also is remembered for being the employer of another famed architect. 
        Frank Lloyd Wright was his pupil.

        Sullivan’s theory of functionalism, which brought out the first skyscraper 
        concepts, was not widely accepted during his lifetime, according to publications 
        about his career. 

        He had few commissions during his twilight years. But during 
        those years, Sullivan designed at least five of his last projects in the state 
        of Iowa.

        Many of his creations were designed in partnership with Dankmar Adler, some of 
        which include the Auditorium in Chicago, skyscrapers in Chicago, St. Louis and 
        Buffalo. In them he brought out a style which he said represented modern 
        functional needs, like his masterpiece – the Carson Pirie Scott store in 
        Chicago. Sullivan’s partnership with Adler ended in 1895.

        The firm of John D. Van Allen and Son in Clinton was well established in the dry 
        goods business in 1910 when the owners decided to extend the firm’s selling 
        power with the construction of a $100,000 store. It was in that year that 
        correspondence between the firm and the famed architect began, but the proposals 
        hit a snag when cost figures drifted into the $147,000 price range. There were 
        continuous revisions in exterior and interior construction layouts.

        In 1913 the Van Allen Building was begun. The cost was whittled down to $126,226 
        plus $6,311 for architect’s fee. Steel and concrete was abandoned for a mill 
        construction or “slow burning system” of heavy wooden timbers. The floor joists 
        were supported by steel columns and girders while the columns, girders and 
        ceilings were plastered on wire cloth for fire protection.

        Following revisions and refinements from May through October, 1912 the firm 
        chose a local man, Daniel Haring, as the builder.

        Construction was not long begun when one of the first problems surfaced in the 
        form of a sand-water or “quicksand” bed. It was discovered when test pits were 
        sunk at the 5th Avenue South and 2nd Street location.

        Four floors with attic and basement were completed in 1915. The finished product 
        had the exterior façade feature s of decorative terra cotta ornaments with 
        slender mullions extending from the second floor window to the attic ending with 
        an outburst of foliage. Large show windows were accented with sections of black 
        marble extending upward to the horizontal decorative band below the second 
        floor. A broad strip of black marble surrounded the base of the second floor and 
        the upper three story windows were framed in terra cotta.

        Petersen Harned Von Maur Inc., Davenport, announced its purchase of the Van 
        Allen store on Jan. 17, 1968.

        Sources said it normally takes a coordinated effort to establish a National 
        Historic Landmark. This was not the case in Clinton. Representatives from 
        Washington D. C. sought out the two landmarks which are to be named to the 
        National Register of Historic Places. They said this puts the Van Allen Building 
        “in the same ballpark with the Old Capitol Building in Iowa City.”

Architect Has Mission To Save Van Allen Building 
    The Clinton Herald; Thursday, October 13, 1988

 Lynne Darr, Herald Staff Writer – Crombie Taylor, a noted architect and 
        architectural historian from California, is a man with a mission.

        That mission is to save the Van Allen Building, designed by world famous 
        architect Louis Sullivan. If Taylor’s mission is successful, all of Clinton will 
        benefit.
 The loss of a major department store in the old Van Allen building was sad news 
        indeed.

        Sadder still, has been the building, considered one of Sullivan’s greatest 
        works, sitting empty for the past year and a half in downtown Clinton.

        Questions in the community have ranged from: “What will become of it?” and “Who 
        will buy or rent all those floors, particularly when the trend is to shopping 
        malls?” to “Is it a white elephant that’s outlived its usefulness?”

        White elephant, indeed!

        Taylor, internationally-known in his field, recently moved to Clinton, and said 
        the building is a “treasure,” and one of America’s great pieces of architecture.

        It is his hope to save the building.

        It is his dream and his intent for the Van Allen building to house the permanent 
        exhibition of the works of Louis H. Sullivan.

 It is also his intent to create a facility that would showcase and promote the 
        cultural arts, including exhibits, dance, the performing arts, creative 
        activities and writers’ workshops.

        A facility, according to Taylor, that will draw people from all over the 
        country. “People who will come and spend money. The community, however, must be 
        ready for them,” he said.

        Taylor, a retired professor in the department of architecture at the University 
        of Southern California, and, among other noteworthy accomplishments, is also a 
        former director of the Institute of Design in Chicago.

        He has, for most of his professional life, been a devoted fan of Sullivan’s.

        Almost 20 years ago Taylor traveled to Cedar Rapids to photograph the Sullivan 
        Bank. “It was in disgraceful condition,” he said. “It had been remodeled 
        terribly. It was very, very shoddy with formica counters. They had torn out the 
        white marble!”

        It was then, Taylor said, he decided to travel to Clinton to see what Sullivan’s 
        Van Allen building looked like.

        He liked what he saw. It hadn’t been remodeled yet and the old oak counters were 
        still there.

 “It is one of Sullivan’s most completely untouched buildings,” he said. “It’s a 
        masterpiece and is one of his last.”

        As the years went by, Taylor and his wife, Hope, continued to maintain homes in 
        California, Chicago, and in England and he remained devoted to Sullivan’s 
        designs.

        Some of Taylor’s work throughout those years involved the restoration of the 
        ballroom in the Auditorium Building in Chicago, another great work of Sullivan’s 
        aided by world-famous architect, Frank Lloyd Wright.

        “I’d been out of the country,” Taylor said, “and it wasn’t until last spring 
        that I heard Sullivan’s Clinton building was for sale with the potential of it 
        being threatened or mistreated by a new possibly unsympathetic occupant. I was 
        very concerned and I came to Clinton.”

        Since that time, the architect has been busy. Very, very busy.

        Because of decades of association with world-famous architects, Taylor knows the 
        enormous interest and following that Sullivan-designed buildings have.

        He also has spent years working with various foundations that underwrite the 
        cost of architectural restorations.

        That combination makes Taylor a knowledgeable man indeed, and a man with a 
        mission in Clinton, Iowa.

        “A foundation needed to be established”, he said. “The Van Allen Foundation has 
        a nice ring it,” he added, with a twinkle in his eye.

 According to Taylor, a foundation allows for not only the initial purchase 
        price, but for the cost of fund raising, restoration and the obvious on-going 
        expense of staff, maintenance and operation.

        “Substantial sums of money need to be raised to guarantee the continuity of the 
        activities.”

        He added the money is not easily come by and takes “everybody’s shoulder behind 
        it, but any group that doesn’t set its goals high enough and raise enough money 
        at the beginning, is doomed to falter and eventually fail,’ he said.

        Taylor, who is committed to the monumental project, showed his commitment in a 
        very “real” way several months ago when he purchased the stately home of the 
        late George Curtis, grandson of one of the early business magnates in Clinton.

        Taylor is presently in the process of restoring the large home to its 1939 
        elegance. He is anxiously awaiting the arrival of his furniture from both 
        England and California.
        “This is all still in the planning stages,” Taylor explained, regarding his 
        plans for the Van Allen building.

        “There are a series of stages, and it all takes time. It takes years to develop, 
        but it doesn’t ever start without encouragement.”

        Taylor has established a temporary organization, the ‘Richard Nickel Committee”, 
        named after an admirer and photographer of Sullivan buildings, and is testing 
        the waters of fund-raising across the country for a project.

        The committee has signed a one-year option to buy the Van Allen building while 
        the various aspects of the project are developed.

 Taylor, who has spent many hours photographing buildings in Clinton, talking 
        with city officials, and of course, the Van Allen family, feels the community 
        has much to offer, but has much to do to prepare for an attraction of the nature 
        of the cultural center and museum.

        “We must not only save the Van Allen building,” he said. “We must save Clinton, 
        and I do mean save. Not one more fine old building must be torn down. I wish the 
        city would not allow any new commercial construction until the existing 
        buildings in the downtown area are restored and occupied.”

        Taylor mentioned the post office as a case in point. “That’s a magnificent 
        building. It was painful to hear that plans are in place to replace it. It 
        should be retained with expansion at the present site. It’s distressing to hear 
        the post office would even contemplate leaving it. I’m surprised the citizens 
        will permit it.”

        Taylor said his concern is that once the post office moves from its present 
        location, the building will ultimately be demolished. It’s a beautiful, classic 
        style building, but it would not be economically feasible for anyone else to 
        occupy it.”

        Taylor also mentioned the old railroad station. “What a delightful building,” he 
        said. “What a great city hall that would have made, and how much money could 
        have been saved!”

        He also mentioned the old Burpee building, as one with great potential, and 
        added that Clinton’s “architecture and charm must be retained.”

        A cultural center, like Taylor hopes will become a reality in the Van Allen 
        building, “gives an image of culture to this community. It’s that image you want 
        to send to potential business and industry that may be thinking of relocation. 
        The development of culture is critical for a city’s economic development.”

        “But, oh my,” Taylor said, “there’s so much to be done. But we’ve begun, haven’t 
        we?” 

Building A Masterpiece – the construction of the Van Allen 
          The Clinton Herald; October 4, 1991

        The process of translating the Van Allen Store into an actual building was the 
        responsibility of Clinton contractor Daniel Haring, a native of Pennsylvania who 
        had established a construction firm in Clinton at the turn of the century.

 Initially specializing in the construction of residential porches, Haring’s 
        business rapidly expanded to the point where his firm was involved in the 
        construction of many of Clinton’s largest and finest buildings. Among the 
        substantial buildings erected by Haring’s firm were the Wilson Building, the 
        Presbyterian Church, the YMCA, the former First National Bank and the Ankeny 
        Building.

        In taking the contract to build the Van Allen store, Daniel Haring became one of 
        the principal figures in the exacting task of creating a masterpiece. Working 
        under the watchful supervision of Louis Sullivan as well as that of Jon and 
        Frederick Van Allen, Haring was responsible for coordinating the diverse trades 
        and materials needed to construct the building. The precision of Sullivan’s 
        design combined with day-to-day problems encountered on-site made Haring’s task 
        a challenging one.

        Haring’s contract began with the demolition on the site which was formerly 
        occupied by the Van Allen firm. With the debris cleared away, work was started 
        on digging the basement and foundations.

        The project posed several problems to the contractor, who brought about unique 
        solutions. First was the presence of quicksand in the southwest corner, which 
        brought Sullivan to the worksite to supervise construction of a floating raft of 
        creosoted railroad ties upon which the concrete foundation would be poured.

        Another problem brought about by the presence of the Mississippi River was the 
        preparation and pouring of the concrete footings for the eight columns. The 
        contractor quickly learned that the footings would have to be dug and poured in 
        one day to prevent water from seeping back into the space. Work would begin at 7 
        a.m. and continue until 8 p.m. in order to hand dig the base and pass the dirt 
        by bucket brigade while a worker hand-pumped the water from the site. Next, the 
        forms would be prepared and the concrete poured.

        Because of the hours involved in completing each column, Haring had an evening 
        meal brought to the site for his workers.

 Reportedly, Louis Sullivan himself supervised this difficult foundation work, 
        chain-smoking cigarettes while seated on an available nail keg.

        Many aspects of the building’s construction required precision assembly of 
        materials in a manner similar to erecting a giant puzzle. Each piece of steel 
        provided by the Clinton Bridge and Iron Works for the supporting frame was 
        marked with an identifying code that corresponded to a detailed drawing showing 
        the exact location for the installation of each piece. Similarly, each 
        individual piece of ornamental terra cotta on the façade was marked with a 
        number corresponding to an installation diagram which had to be carefully 
        followed by the masons. The terra cotta itself was manufactured in Crystal Lake, 
        Ill., and shipped to Clinton in box cars, carefully packed in hay to prevent 
        chipping and damage.

        After the completion of the Van Allen store in September 1914, Haring’s 
        construction firm continued to operate under family management. The firm 
        dissolved in 1981 upon the retirement of Daniel Haring’s grandson, Richard Nason.

        During the recent restoration of the Van Allen building, Nason provided valuable 
        family recollections and materials which have assisted in the renovation 
        process, continuing the presence of the Haring family in the creation and 
        perpetuation of this important structure.

Van Allen Restoration Started Years Ago 
          The Clinton Herald; Thursday May 29, 2003, P. 6A
          Grand Opening of historic building is 4 to 6 p.m. Friday.
          By Scott T. Holland, Herald Staff Writer

        Clinton – Though the history of the Van Allen building reaches to its 
        construction in 1914, the story of its redevelopment began nearly 15 years ago, 
        following some two years of vacancy.

 Petersen Harned, a retail chain operating Von Maur stores, pulled out of 
        downtown Clinton and vacated the Van Allen Building on May 2, 1987. The doors 
        were locked several months before Oct. 12, 1988, when the Clinton Herald ran a 
        story titled “Architect has mission to save Van Allen building,” and pictured 
        architectural historian Crombie Taylor, who hoped to revive the building as a 
        testament to, and showcase for the works of , its creator, American architect 
        Louis H. Sullivan.

        “It is also his intent to create a facility that would showcase and promote the 
        cultural arts,” the story said, “including exhibits, dance, the performing arts, 
        creative activities and writers’ workshops.”

        Taylor estimated some 50,000 people would travel to Clinton annually if the Van 
        Allen building could serve as the hub of a historic downtown with much more to 
        offer than nearby Galena, Ill. In 1988, riverboat gambling in Clinton was still 
        three years away and there was talk of Amtrak service to the Gateway area. 
        America was less than a month away from electing the first President Bush.

        The Van Allen Foundation, initially headed by Taylor, took out a one-year option 
        to buy the building from the Van Allen trust. Interior demolition work began, 
        with the goal of stripped away much of the interior, largely to prevent a 
        devastating fire.

        “I’m amazed the city allowed this to stand empty with all the partitions,” 
        Taylor said. “It’s really a hazard. It could have gone up like that! I was 
        surprised there isn’t a building code.”

        Taylor spoke to area historical groups, and a small Louis Sullivan museum was 
        erected in the first floor of the building by June of 1989. At that time, a 
        small group of architects planned to purchase the building and preserve it as a 
        testament to American architectural history, viewing it in the same vein as Andy 
        Warhol paintings, then selling for millions of dollars.

        On April 25, 1990 Ann Moran and Edward Howes were named co-chairs of the 
        steering committee “charged with raising between $350,000 and $400,000 for the 
        restoration project by July 1. The money was needed to purchase the building 
        before July 1, the day the Foundation’s option to purchase, twice extended, 
        would officially expire.
        The group asked the city to buy the building for $250,000 and then lease it to 
        the Foundation. A $60,000 grant had already been received from the state 
        historical society. At the time, with gambling regulations passed by the state 
        legislature and the city looking for other tourism options, Taylor outlined a 
        floor-by-floor plan for the future of the building.

        The basement would be used for a logging exhibit, geared towards educating all 
        ages on Clinton’s historical involvement with lumber mills. The first floor 
        would hold an upscale cafe as well as a gift and book store. The second floor 
        would contain museum like exhibits dedicated to Sullivan. Exhibits would also 
        reach the third floor, but those would focus on sciences and humanities, mostly 
        on a rotating basis. The fourth floor, known for its impressive view of the 
        Mississippi River, would seat up to 400 people for banquets, receptions, 
        concerts, lectures and even ballet.

        Though the structure itself was for sale for only $250,000, some experts valued 
        the building’s terra cotta ornamentation at $750,000. Van Allen trust members 
        had indicated the ornamentation would be sold and the building demolished if the 
        July 1 deadline was not met.

        A week before the council was to hold a public hearing on the $250,000 question, 
        a Clinton Herald straw poll revealed several downtown merchants and shoppers in 
        favor of the civic center plan, as well as one employee of Kline’s department 
        store who thought the building should be razed for a parking lot. An 
        unidentified individual, unknowingly predicting the future, said the building 
        should be converted to “penthouses”.

 On May 22, 1990, the council voted unanimously to purchase the building. Half 
        the money came from Clinton Business Development Program moneys, the other half 
        from a parking reserve fund. Current city councilman Darrell Smith, serving then 
        on the council before his election to mayor, said the purchase of the building 
        was against his philosophy but he could not let such an opportunity pass the 
        city by.

        The purchase by the city put the burden of restoration and maintenance costs 
        back on the Van Allen Foundation. The day after the vote, Gov. Terry Branstad 
        spoke to Republican supporters at the building and congratulated the council for 
        its actions.

        In mid-June of 1990, almost $400,000 had been secured, including the $250,000 
        from the city, the $60,000 state grant and $91,000 raised privately. The Clinton 
        County Board of Supervisors added $8,000 to the pot on June 24. On July 13 an 
        emotional flag-raising ceremony heralded a new beginning for the Van Allen 
        building. The Foundation soon began “selling” each of the building’s 45,000 
        square feet in 12-by-12 inch chunks. For $10, supporters would be given a 
        certificate of honorary ownership in the historic structure.

        Fundraising efforts culminated near the end of August when a $10,000 
        contribution from Champion DairyPak put the total donations in excess of 
        $500,000. With money received and reconstruction ongoing, the building was open 
        for various events, including frequent visits from prominent architects offering 
        discourses on the history of the building. 

        Taylor was hospitalized and underwent triple-bypass surgery in California. 
        However he was part of the dedication ceremonies in Oct. 6, 1991, when the 
        building was officially reopened as a civic center and museum, the ceremonies 
        replete with all the pomp and ceremony expected of such an occasion.

        At the festivities, Mayor Elizabeth Snyder said “Today marks an occasion 
        unparalleled in Clinton’s history. It is an occasion for celebrating, for 
        looking back with satisfaction and pride, and for looking forward with hope and 
        faith in the future.”

 In November, the Foundation obtained a $45,000 grant from the Roy J. Carver 
        Charitable Trust of Muscatine to establish a summer internship program in 
        architectural conservation.

        Nearing 1992, the Foundation received a major blow when Taylor suddenly resigned 
        his post. “Citing a vast difference in philosophy,” according to the Herald, 
        Taylor said “the board had indicated a lack of confidence in his judgment on 
        several matters, and that certain restrictions were being placed on him.”
        Within weeks, reports indicated an amicable agreement had been reached between 
        Taylor and the Foundation board. In November of 1992 he was honored by the 
        American Association for State and Local History for his work on the building. 
        At the time, it was noted that more than 7,000 people had visited the Van Allen 
        since the rededication 13 months prior, many attending the 60 events held in the 
        time frame.

        Eventually, Taylor announced that he and his wife Hope would be leaving Clinton. 
        On Jan. 17, 1993, slowed by his heart bypass operations and a cancer diagnosis, 
        the couple moved to Charlottesville, Va. Taylor left with good feelings, giving 
        a public vote of confidence to co-executive director Bob Soesbe, currently an 
        at-large member of Clinton’s city council. In March 1993, Indra Brewer was named 
        co-executive director, an elevation from the administrative secretary and 
        executive assistant posts she had held since January 1992.

        On Sept. 26, 1995, a Herald headline read “Needed: White Knight’ to pull town 
        out of dark.” It led to a story detailing the report of a North Carolina 
        consultant Joseph Golden, who offered the following dictum on the Van Allen 
        building’s role in a declining downtown area:

        “It has to be centrifugal, it must sweep outward to a wide and diverse audience. 
        Does it fill the genuine needs of the larger community rather than special 
        interests? If it can’t provide a useful service – don’t do the damn project!”

        Golden said there was an acceptance of defeat in Clinton, an acknowledgement of 
        loss of control and a lack of caring. A story written in the same edition 
        detailed the resignation of volunteer coordinator Sheryl Villa. Echoing remarks 
        made by Crombie Taylor in 1991, Villa said working conditions and agreements 
        associated with her role were left unfulfilled.

        Towards the end of the decade, potential suitors for the building were sought in 
        November 1999, the city adopted a plan to sell the Van Allen for $1, also 
        pledging $300,000 for parking and a limited tax abatement for 10 years. 
        Heartland Properties, a division of Alliant Energy, was the principal investor 
        at the time. The company brought in Community Housing Initiatives to develop the 
        building into first-floor retail space and 19 apartments.

        Renovation costs over the past four years have been pegged at $2.2 million. The 
        descendants of John D. Van Allen have been on private tours of the building, an 
        opportunity also afforded to Gov. Tom Vilsack. The work of the last three and a 
        half years will come to fruition with Friday’s open house, which will be 
        presented with less panache than the 1991 festivities.

        Crombie Taylor died May 24, 1999, in his California home due to congestive heart 
        failure, months before the first plan to “save” the Van Allen building a second 
        time came to the surface. But it is common conjecture that the recent project 
        would not have seen the light of day had Taylor not given such effort to 
        preserve the building 15 years ago. 

Van Allen Building article from Clinton Herald 2003
          The following story was written for a 2003 special section celebrating the 
          rebirth of the Van Allen building, the first of three prominent downtown Clinton 
          buildings redeveloped by Community Housing Initiatives of Spencer.
          By Scott T. Holland
          Associate Editor

        It has been called the most important historical building in Iowa. And through 
        no small amount of effort, the Van Allen building soon will be reborn in 
        downtown Clinton.

        The building has been many things since its construction, which lasted from 1914 
        to 1916. Technically known as the Sullivan building, so named for its famous 
        architect, Louis B. Sullivan, its common name refers to the tenants for which it 
        was built, the Van Allen and Son Department Store.

        Located at the corner of Fifth Avenue South and Second Street, the four-story 
        structure housed Van Allen and Son for more than half a century, before it was 
        leased in 1968 to Von Maur.

        It was those 70 years as the area’s largest retail facility that the building 
        became known in and around Iowa. But in truth, the store inside the building has 
        never been as historically important as the building itself.

        Sullivan is renowned as a leader of American architecture. He taught Frank Lloyd 
        Wright, the country’s best known building designer. The Van Allen building is 
        unique for two reasons. One is that of all the buildings Sullivan designed 
        (several of which were banks), it is the one built most closely to its original 
        plans.

        Secondly, some 150 letters between Sullivan and John D. Van Allen have been 
        saved, offering an insight into the minds of two men working together to create 
        a lasting piece of American history.

        A good deal is known about Van Allen himself, including his 1892 arrival in 
        Clinton to acquire a partnership in an existing dry goods store occupying 2,500 
        square feet on the future site of the historic building. The three-story 
        building, in which Van Allen had eventually occupied 11,000 square feet, had to 
        be demolished to make way for Sullivan’s creation, which was built from 1912 to 
        1914. Construction was headed by Daniel Haring, a Pennsylvania man whose other 
        Clinton works include the Wilson and Ankeny buildings, First Presbyterian Church 
        and the Clinton Family YMCA.

        In late 1988, rescuing the building became the key project of architectural 
        historian Crombie Taylor, a longtime Sullivan admirer. Though the building 
        reopened in late 1991 as a museum and cultural center, its permanent future was 
        not permanently cemented until the recent past.

        The city, interested in preserving the building for its historical value had 
        acquired the building. In 2001, an agreement was reached between the city, 
        Heartland Properties and non-profit developer Community Housing Initiatives to 
        overhaul the building.

        The first floor would be given to retail space, eventually determined to be the 
        new home of Wagner pharmacy, a fixture in the downtown Clinton scene. The 
        remaining floors would become apartments, furnished with furniture and 
        appliances from other Clinton businesses.

        That vision is soon to become a reality. Wagner is soon to open (doubling the 
        space of its present location) and many of the 19 apartments are rented. CHI’s 
        experience with the city has been so positive it is looking for another Clinton 
        project to give the same treatment.

        The building also will contain a small museum dedicated to the history of the 
        building and its famous architect. Now, nearly 90 years after the building was 
        conceived, it stands as a testament to a community devoted to remembering its 
        past and planning for its future.
 

 





   ©2017 Nettie Mae Lucas & IAGenWeb     Design by : styleshout 
 Home | Contact Us | Search 









Insider Trading - Allen A Clinton - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Allen A Clinton





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-20Sale
2016-12-225:00 pm
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
30,000
$31.98
$959,460
276,246(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-03-07Purchase
2016-03-0908:00 am
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
3,000
$30.09
$90,261
199,299(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-02-10Purchase
2016-02-114:31 pm
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
20,000
$8.74
$174,800
69,093(DirectIndirect)
View


2015-03-05Purchase
2015-03-094:30 pm
Collectors Universe Inc
CLCT
Allen A ClintonDirector
5,000
$22.99
$114,966
135,358(Indirect)
View


2015-03-03Purchase
2015-03-054:35 pm
Collectors Universe Inc
CLCT
Allen A ClintonDirector
10,000
$22.75
$227,454
130,358(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2017-01-05Gift
2017-01-054:08 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
200
$0
67,993(Direct)
View


2016-12-21Gift
2016-12-2307:51 am
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
600
$0
68,193(Direct)
View


2016-12-21Option Award
2016-12-2307:51 am
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
48
$0
68,193(Direct)
View


2016-12-20Gift
2016-12-225:00 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
300
$0
276,246(Direct)
View


2016-12-20Gift
2016-12-225:00 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
400
$0
276,246(Direct)
View


2016-12-20Gift
2016-12-225:00 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
3,425
$0
276,246(Direct)
View


2016-12-06Option Award
2016-12-084:01 pm
N/AN/A
Collectors Universe Inc
CLCT
Allen A ClintonDirector
2,149
$0
134,812(Direct)
View


2016-10-12Gift
2016-10-134:13 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
68,793(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Option Award
2016-09-294:14 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
59
$0
7,681(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Gift
2016-09-289:05 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
750
$0
276,546(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Gift
2016-09-289:05 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
550
$0
276,546(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Gift
2016-09-289:05 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
750
$0
276,546(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Gift
2016-09-289:05 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
750
$0
276,546(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Gift
2016-09-289:05 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
360
$0
276,546(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Exercise
2016-09-289:05 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
80,000
$5.378
276,546(Direct)
View


2016-09-23Exercise
2016-09-289:05 pm
2007-04-022016-10-02
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
80,000
$5.378
276,546(Direct)
View


2016-08-29Gift
2016-09-211:19 pm
N/AN/A
Collectors Universe Inc
CLCT
Allen A ClintonDirector
300
$0
137,663(Direct)
View


2016-08-29Gift
2016-09-211:19 pm
N/AN/A
Collectors Universe Inc
CLCT
Allen A ClintonDirector
5,000
$0
137,663(Direct)
View


2016-08-03Gift
2016-08-044:07 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
68,893(Direct)
View


2016-07-19Gift
2016-07-214:16 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
68,993(Direct)
View


2016-06-24Option Award
2016-06-274:04 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
65
$0
7,622(Direct)
View


2016-02-18Gift
2016-05-2006:05 am
N/AN/A
Collectors Universe Inc
CLCT
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
137,963(Direct)
View


2016-05-12Option Award
2016-05-165:04 pm
N/A2026-05-12
Psychemedics Corp
PMD
Allen A ClintonDirector
13,000
$13.82
13,000(Direct)
View


2016-05-02Option Award
2016-05-046:00 pm
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
3,407
$0
202,706(Direct)
View


2016-03-24Option Award
2016-03-251:26 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
75
$0
7,557(Direct)
View


2016-03-07Gift
2016-03-0908:00 am
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
450
$0
199,299(Direct)
View


2016-03-07Gift
2016-03-0908:00 am
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
450
$0
199,299(Direct)
View


2016-03-07Gift
2016-03-0908:00 am
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
1,500
$0
199,299(Direct)
View


2016-03-07Gift
2016-03-0908:00 am
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
875
$0
199,299(Direct)
View


2016-02-02Option Award
2016-02-043:42 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
8,520
$0
59,093(Direct)
View


2016-01-04Gift
2016-01-064:25 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
50,673(Direct)
View


2016-01-04Gift
2016-01-064:25 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
50,673(Direct)
View


2015-12-22Option Award
2015-12-232:06 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
63
$0
7,482(Direct)
View


2015-12-15Gift
2015-12-174:46 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
4,500
$0
50,773(Direct)
View


2015-12-07Option Award
2015-12-104:30 pm
N/AN/A
Collectors Universe Inc
CLCT
Allen A ClintonDirector
2,705
$0
138,063(Direct)
View


2015-10-15Gift
2015-10-194:47 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
500
$0
55,273(Direct)
View


2015-10-01Option Award
2015-10-024:10 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
72
$0
7,419(Direct)
View


2015-08-11Gift
2015-09-234:31 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
1,000
$0
55,773(Direct)
View


2015-08-11Gift
2015-09-234:31 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
55,773(Direct)
View


2015-09-15Option Award
2015-09-174:24 pm
N/AN/A
Psychemedics Corp
PMD
Allen A ClintonDirector
1,000
$0
1,280(Direct)
View


2015-08-11Gift
2015-08-133:56 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
450
$0
56,423(Direct)
View


2015-08-11Gift
2015-08-133:56 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
56,423(Direct)
View


2015-07-22Gift
2015-07-272:41 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
30
$0
57,143(Direct)
View


2015-07-22Gift
2015-07-272:41 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
270
$0
57,143(Direct)
View


2015-07-16Gift
2015-07-202:05 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
57,173(Direct)
View


2015-06-26Option Award
2015-07-023:06 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
62
$0
7,347(Direct)
View


2015-06-18Gift
2015-06-2211:25 am
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
1,150
$0
57,273(Direct)
View


2015-05-12Gift
2015-05-1806:00 am
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
900
$0
199,574(Direct)
View


2015-05-12Gift
2015-05-1806:00 am
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
200
$0
199,574(Direct)
View


2015-05-12Option Award
2015-05-1806:00 am
N/AN/A
Lkq Corp
LKQ
Allen A ClintonDirector
3,623
$0
199,574(Direct)
View


2015-03-27Option Award
2015-03-3112:38 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
640
$0
7,285(Direct)
View


2015-02-13Gift
2015-02-174:41 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
100
$0
58,423(Direct)
View


2015-02-10Option Award
2015-02-125:22 pm
N/AN/A
Brooks Automation Inc
BRKS
Allen A ClintonDirector
6,569
$0
58,523(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 14:10:02 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  









Retired Gen. John Allen Weighs In On Campaign With Hillary Clinton Endorsement : NPR




Accessibility links

Skip to main content
Keyboard shortcuts for audio player




View Navigation



NPR




NPR




NPR Music




NPR Books




NPR About





NPRPodcast Directory



Search

Toggle search




















Retired Gen. John Allen Weighs In On Campaign With Hillary Clinton Endorsement






Listen

· 
5:02




5:02





Toggle more options


Download


Embed




Embed



<iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/488122796/488122797" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player">






Transcript







Retired Gen. John Allen Weighs In On Campaign With Hillary Clinton Endorsement
5:02


 
U.S.
 
Retired Gen. John Allen Weighs In On Campaign With Hillary Clinton Endorsement









Retired Gen. John Allen Weighs In On Campaign With Hillary Clinton Endorsement






Listen

· 
5:02




5:02





Toggle more options


Download


Embed




Embed



<iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/488122796/488122797" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player">






Transcript









Facebook
Twitter

Google+



Email









July 31, 20168:36 AM ET

 
                  Heard on          Weekend Edition Sunday










This past week at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, NPR's Rachel Martin spoke with retired Marine Corps General John Allen, who offered his passionate support of Hillary Clinton.





ELISE HU, HOST: 
This past week, retired Marine Corps General John Allen gave a passionate speech in support of Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention. NPR's Rachel Martin spoke with the general who was commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan and, most recently, special presidential envoy for the global coalition to counter the Islamic State.
RACHEL MARTIN, BYLINE: General, thank you so much for taking the time to talk with us.
JOHN ALLEN: Great to be with you today.
MARTIN: You have spent a lifetime in the military being apolitical. That's what being in the military is all about.
ALLEN: That's right - exactly right.
MARTIN: What has compelled you to say, in this moment, that Hillary Clinton should be the next commander-in-chief?
ALLEN: You know, this world is full of challenges right now. And in and of itself, I believe in her. You know, the United States is that transformational power in the world today. But it doesn't do it on its own. It does it through the mechanism of alliances and relationships. And she gets that. She understands that. She wants to reinforce that. And language that would seem to diminish the importance of NATO or to pull out some of the fundamental tenets of what NATO is, Article 5 - an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us...
MARTIN: Which Donald Trump has suggested...
ALLEN: Yes. I mean...
MARTIN: ...At least re-evaluating those alliances.
ALLEN: ...That kind of rhetoric erodes the relationships inside NATO. It erodes its credibility. She just gets this. She understands it. That's why I came out because this was a moment where the choices are very stark. And supporting her at this moment to be the president of the United States seemed to me to be, frankly, my duty.
MARTIN: During the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, I mean, there was an overwhelming sense of doom. The message was the world is violent and dangerous. Donald Trump is the guy to steer America through that. Do you understand the sense from people who support Donald Trump that it is a scary world? When you look at how ISIS, in particular, has metastasized and the threats seem to just be popping up all over - do you get that fear on the other side? Do you understand it?
ALLEN: Well, of course, I do. The challenges we face today from ISIL, from Russia, from China, from Iran, from North Korea - I don't want to add to people's fears here - those are real and immediate concerns for the United States of America. But we're going - only be able to handle these in relationship to our partners - you know, the strength of NATO, the strength of our relationships in East Asia, the strengths of our relationships with our Arab partners in the gulf, reinforcing the global coalition to counter ISIL. All of those things require leadership. And all of those things, in the end, give us some capacity to resolve or at least to meet these challenges.
MARTIN: President Obama, in his address, said that Hillary Clinton can finish the job. Those were his words when talking about the threat from ISIS. But how? I mean, what would she do that would be so different than what his administration has done? - which is also a criticism that you hear from Donald Trump. What would she do differently? And whatever they have done hasn't ameliorated the threat.
ALLEN: Well, I think, you know, a couple of things, and the strategy is working. Daesh is being defeated on the ground in Iraq and Syria. It's going to take a while. We've always said that.
MARTIN: Daesh is the Arabic word for...
ALLEN: ...The so-called Islamic State.
MARTIN: ...Islamic State.
ALLEN: The idea of countering the messaging and stopping the flow of foreign fighters and strangling the finances and constricting its surface area - all of those things are having effect. It took a while for it to happen. We took those guys head-on about 18 months ago. And it takes a while to reverse strategic momentum. And that strategic momentum is substantially reversed, and I think we'll be able to continue that.
MARTIN: Lastly, Donald Trump has, at some points during the campaign, suggested that if he disagreed with generals about a particular national security issue that he would get them in line - that he would somehow override them. As you have watched and listened to his rhetoric, what has struck you the most - concerned you the most?
ALLEN: Well, I have to tell you, one of the reasons that I'm doing this is the horror that I experienced the first time I heard him tell the American public that he would convince the generals to use the American military as an instrument of torture. This is going to create a civil military crisis that has never occurred in this country before. And words are windows into people's souls.
The implication that, potentially over the objections of our military and civilian leadership, our military could be used as an instrument of torture or an instrument to track down and murder the families of terrorists, that's a problem. That's a problem. And when our military may find itself in a situation where it has to say that is an illegal order issued by the president of the United States, this is a civil military crisis.
MARTIN: Retired Marine Corps General John Allen, thank you so much for taking the time.
ALLEN: Rachel, great to be with you today. Thanks.
HU: That's General John Allen speaking with NPR's Rachel Martin this past week at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
Copyright © 2016 NPR.  All rights reserved.  Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR’s programming is the audio record.
 

Facebook
Twitter

Google+



Email











 


NPR thanks our sponsorsBecome an NPR sponsor








 



Products | Clinton Industries, Inc.







Clinton Industries, Inc

Home
About
Products
Literature
Contact







Clinton-Eco Products View All



Medical Seating View All



Medical Tables View All



Pediatric Equipment View All



Phlebotomy Equipment View All



Physical Therapy Equipment View All



Power Tables View All



Training Room Furnishings View All



Tubular Steel & Accessories View All






HomeProducts






Phlebotomy Equipment



Clinton Ready Room



ClintonClean™Plastic Surfaces



Clinton Complete



Clinton-Eco Products



Family Practice Tables



Medical Cabinets



Medical Seating



Medical Tables



Pediatric Equipment



Physical Therapy Equipment



Power Tables



Training Room Furnishings



Tubular Steel & Accessories



Product Categories


Clinton Ready Room

Clinton Complete

Clinton-Eco Products

ClintonClean™ Plastic Surfaces

Family Practice Tables

Medical Cabinets

Medical Seating

Medical Tables

Pediatric Equipment

Phlebotomy Equipment

Physical Therapy Equipment

Power Tables

Training Room Furnishings

Tubular Steel & Accessories
Index by Model #









Site Search


Start Now
Video Library

Watch Videos



© 2017 Clinton Industries, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Warranty | Employment Application
800.441.9131
Web Design & Development by Siebird












Battle of the generals: Flynn blasts Allen for Clinton endorsement | Fox News






































































































Fox News
		Politics


Expand/Collapse Search


























Democratic Convention
Battle of the generals: Flynn blasts Allen for Clinton endorsement


Published
		            July 29, 2016

Fox News





Facebook0
Twitter0
livefyre
Email
Print











 





A battle of the brass has broken out in the wake of the Republican and Democratic party conventions, as one of the top generals supporting Donald Trump lashes out at retired Marine Gen. John Allen who delivered a tough-as-nails endorsement of Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia Thursday night. 
“I honestly don’t know how John Allen can look at himself in the mirror and say why he supports Hillary Clinton,” retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn told "The Kelly File".
Both Flynn and Allen served in the Obama administration. But Flynn, who used to lead the Defense Intelligence Agency, has since become an outspoken critic of the president’s anti-ISIS approach – while Allen helped shape that strategy as the president’s special envoy for the anti-ISIS coalition.
Flynn, who spoke at the Cleveland Republican convention last week on behalf of Trump, zeroed in on that portion of Allen’s resume in challenging his credibility.
“General Allen as a retired officer was in charge of our current strategy for well over a year … and during that period of time the rise of radical Islamism and ISIS, you know, it exponentially grew,” he said. “The strategy that John Allen was in charge of … it’s a failed strategy.”








 




He said he was “a bit stunned” by his endorsement of Clinton, noting he and Allen both worked with the former secretary of state.
“I cannot see how John Allen can support somebody who perpetually cannot tell the truth,” he said.
The stinging criticism between senior retired military officers is unusual, even in a presidential campaign. But the tensions could build as each presidential candidate suggests the other would put national security at risk.
In Philadelphia, Allen, who previously led forces in Afghanistan, vouched for Clinton as the leader the country needs.
“We trust in her judgment. We believe in her vision for a united America, we believe in her vision of an America as a just and strong leader against the forces of hatred, the forces of chaos, and darkness,” he said. “I tell you without hesitation or reservation that Hillary Clinton will be exactly, exactly the kind of commander-in-chief America needs.”
Allen walked on the Philadelphia stage as Democrats tried to put a sharper focus on security issues, after being accused of glossing over ISIS and other terror threats the first two nights of their convention. Trump commented on the close of the convention by saying Democrats were living in a “fantasy world.” 
RCP Poll Average - Clinton vs. Trump | InsideGov








Advertisement










Trending in Politics



1

Mueller probe: Meet the lawyers who gave $$ to Hillary, now investigating team Trump



2

Preemptive Strike: Kushner scoops Senate with 'did not collude' statement



3

Trump weighs new punishments for his team



4

Schumer tells Clinton 'blame yourself'; Trump echoes criticism



5

Jared Kushner admits he accepted dirt from the Russians (literally)
















































   A. Allen | Collectors Universe Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 


