











Allen Sharon L | Colorado | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Allen Sharon L?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Allen Sharon L
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






A







BZ Score:
90







License # C18245




Colorado Springs, CO









Allen Sharon L




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Colorado Springs

 
/


 Best Architects in Colorado Springs 

 



Updated: Jul 22, 2017





Overview

Allen Sharon L in Colorado Springs, CO holds a Architect  license (C18245) according to the California license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.Their license (C18245) was verified as active when we last checked. If you are thinking of hiring Allen Sharon L, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Allen Sharon L Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Architectural Drawings and ...
Other Architecture and Engi...






Contact




Street Address: 1430 N Franklin St, Colorado Springs, CO 80907 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









731 Southpark Dr Ste B , Littleton, CO 80120



Woodley Architectural Group




License # ARC-304899


Littleton, CO







110

BZ Score


$325K
Avg Project 


19
Projects














7302 S Alton Way B, Centennial, CO 80112



Architectural Signs LLC




License # 0010609


Centennial, CO







105

BZ Score


$3.9K
Avg Project 


24
Projects














14550 e easter ave unit 1000, Centennial, CO 80112



5280 Outdoor Designs LLC




License # 2115


Centennial, CO







108

BZ Score


$5.9K
Avg Project 


74
Projects













Allen Sharon L Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Allen Sharon L. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Allen Sharon L










1
Rate this architect







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this architect.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Allen Sharon L,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Allen Sharon L








110


Woodley Architectural Group







105


Architectural Signs LLC







108


5280 Outdoor Designs LLC






Request a Quote







License info














Verified License


License #C18245StatusActiveStateCaliforniaTypeArchitect


BuildZoom verified this license was active as of July, 2017.Verify this license's status for Allen Sharon L at the California Architect License Board.












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor








Employees







Allen Sharon L
Owner


















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in California:













Does Allen Sharon L carry a valid contracting license?



In California, any remodeling or construction project that exceeds $500 (labor and materials), requires a contractor to have an active license with the California Contractor State License Board (CSLB).
Allen Sharon L currently holds license C18245 (Architect), which was Active when we last checked.











How important is contractor licensing in California?



The CSLB is one of the highest rated licensing boards in the US. Applicants are required to pass a written board exam and prove at least four years of prior, relevant work experience. In addition, the CSLB requires all license holders to maintain at least $2,500 in operating capital and provides you with a range of other consumer protections.











Your liability risk when hiring Allen Sharon L



Contractors in California are required to carry workers' compensation insurance if they have employees and proof of liability insurance with the cumulative limit of $1 million for licensees with five or fewer persons, and an additional 100,000 for each additional member over five, not to exceed $5 million total.











Financial recourse when hiring Allen Sharon L



All licensed contractors in California are required to maintain a bond, which provides you with financial recourse in case they perform defective work or violate license regulations. If you feel as though you have been taken advantage of, you should leave feedback on the contractor's BuildZoom profile and file a complaint with the CSLB.











What else should I know before hiring Allen Sharon L



California contractors are required to submit their fingerprints to the board, which are then checked against criminal records held by the California Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) prior to obtaining a valid contracting license.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The California State License Board recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Allen Sharon L
We will attempt to deliver your message to Allen Sharon L. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.

































































Sharon S McCarthy - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Sharon S Mccarthy in San Francisco, CA


Sharon S Mccarthy

                                                                                       Intelius found that Sharon S McCarthy  is  a female between 60 and 60 years old from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Sharon L Allen
Sharon M Allen


Get Report Now

Age

Sharon S Mccarthy is in her 60s

Sharon Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Daly City, CA
Los Angeles, CA

Sharon's Relatives

Dale Allen
McCarthy Allen
Courtney Allen
Kevin Allen







Sharon S Mccarthy



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Sharon? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Sharon, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Sharon S Mccarthy
Get a Criminal Check on Sharon S Mccarthy
Get a Public Record Report on Sharon S Mccarthy
Get a People Search Report on Sharon S Mccarthy


Sharon S Mccarthy's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Sharon S Mccarthy has lived as well as Sharon S Mccarthy's phone numbers and email addresses.




Sharon S Mccarthy Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Sharon S Mccarthy


521 D**** B*** 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Daly City, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Sharon S Mccarthy

(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 
(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 
(310) ***-**** - El Segundo, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Sharon S Mccarthy

k******9@***.com


Get Email Report




Sharon S Mccarthy's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Sharon S Mccarthy


Sharon S Mccarthy's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Sharon S Mccarthy's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Sharon McCarthy
Username Matches

                  SharonMcCarthy
                  McCarthySharon
                  Sharon.McCarthy
                  McCarthy.Sharon
                  Sharon_McCarthy
                  McCarthy_Sharon
                  Sharon-McCarthy
                  McCarthy-Sharon
                  SMcCarthy
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S McCarthy







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.



























Sharon Allen | Deloitte US | History | Leaders & shapers






























		Please enable JavaScript to view the site.
	




















  


























































                                About us
                            


Leaders & Shapers
Sharon Allen





































                        Former Chairman of the Board, Deloitte LLP (2003-2011)
Sharon L. Allen served as Chairman of the Board of Deloitte LLP from 2003-2011. In this capacity she led the board in providing oversight and guidance to the management of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries.

Sharon spent the entirety of her career at Deloitte. With 38 years of audit and consulting experience, she oversaw the relationships with a number of major multinational clients.

Sharon’s career has been filled with many successes and "firsts." She began her career in the Boise, Idaho, office and while there she became the office managing partner—Deloitte’s first woman in that role. In 1994 she became the first female board member in Deloitte’s history. She moved to Portland, Oregon, to become that office’s managing partner, and then to Los Angeles to assume the role of regional managing partner for Deloitte’s Pacific Southwest practice. In that role she had overall marketplace responsibility for what was then the second largest region in the country.

In 2000 she was elected to serve a second term on the board and, in 2003, Allen made history when she was elected the first independent chairman of Deloitte LLP—the highest-ranking woman in the organization’s history and the first and only woman ever to serve as chairman of a large, private US professional services organization.

Sharon’s influence and governance responsibilities extended well beyond her US leadership roles. She was also a member of the global board of directors of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, where she served as the US representative on the global governance committee and chaired the global risk committee.

Sharon is Chairman-elect of the National Board of the YMCA, a board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee for Catalyst, Inc., and Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Autry National Center, She also served on the President’s Export Council in Washington, D.C., and on the Women’s Leadership Board at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.

Sharon has established a reputation as a thought leader and popular public speaker on topics ranging from governance and ethics to talent management and diversity. In 2007, she commissioned what became Deloitte’s annual Chairman’s Ethics & Workplace Survey, and has written articles that have appeared in such publications as Directors & Boards and Directorship and such online forums as Forbes.com and BusinessWeek.com.

Sharon has addressed such prestigious forums as The Boston Club, The City Club of Cleveland, the Dallas Friday Group, the Detroit Economic Club, Fortune Boardroom Reports, Forbes Executive Women’s Forum, and the UN Economic Development Fund. She also has addressed major business schools and leading undergraduate programs including those at Cornell, Duke, Howard University, the University of Illinois, Notre Dame, the University of Pittsburgh, Stanford University, the University of Texas, and the University of Southern California.

Frequently honored for her contributions to business and community leadership, Sharon was named to Forbes’  list of "The 100 Most Powerful Women in the World" for four consecutive years. Crain’s NY Business cited her as one of the most powerful business women in New York, and she was named by Directorship as one of "The 100 Most Influential People in Corporate Governance" four years in a row. She received the "Making A Difference for Women" award from the National Council for Research on Women, was named the Financial Women’s Association’s "Woman of the Year," received the Work Life Legacy Award from the Families and Work Institute, and earned the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Distinguished Business Leader Award. Beta Gamma Sigma, the international honor society, named her as their 2009 honoree, and Ethisphere included her on its 2009 list of "The Most Influential People in Business Ethics."

Sharon holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Idaho. In 2004, her alma mater presented her with an honorary doctorate in administrative science.



















Read More







Contact us





Submit RFP














Did you find this useful?

Yes
No










Recommendations










Related topics


Leadership































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Sharon L Allen - West Point, KY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Sharon L Allen in West Point, KY


Sharon L Allen

                                                                                       Intelius found that Sharon L Allen  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from West Point, KY.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Sharon J Allen


Get Report Now

Age

Sharon L Allen is in her 60s

Sharon Has Lived In

West Point, KY
Nashville, TN
La Vergne, TN

Sharon's Relatives

Danny Allen







Sharon L Allen



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Sharon? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Sharon, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Sharon L Allen
Get a Criminal Check on Sharon L Allen
Get a Public Record Report on Sharon L Allen
Get a People Search Report on Sharon L Allen


Sharon L Allen's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Sharon L Allen has lived as well as Sharon L Allen's phone numbers and email addresses.




Sharon L Allen Has Lived in 2 States
Kentucky Address for Sharon L Allen


1121 E** S* 

West Point, KY


Has Lived In

West Point, KY
Nashville, TN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Sharon L Allen

(615) ***-**** - Greenbrier, TN 
() ***-**** - West Point, KY 
(615) ***-**** - Goodlettsville, TN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Sharon L Allen

s******n@***.com
e*********s@***.com


Get Email Report




Sharon L Allen's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Sharon L Allen


Sharon L Allen's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Sharon L Allen's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Sharon Allen
Username Matches

                  SharonAllen
                  AllenSharon
                  Sharon.Allen
                  Allen.Sharon
                  Sharon_Allen
                  Allen_Sharon
                  Sharon-Allen
                  Allen-Sharon
                  SAllen
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Allen







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









Sharon L. Allen: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:27 PM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Bank of America Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sharon L. Allen  Independent Director, Bank of America CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships65$345,000
Background

		Ms. Sharon L. Allen was a Managing Partner of the Pacific Southwest practice of Deloitte, LLP with responsibility for offices in Los Angeles, Costa Mesa, San Diego, Phoenix, Las Vegas and Reno. Ms. Allen worked at Deloitte for nearly 40 years in various leadership roles, including Partner and regional Managing Partner and was previously responsible for audit and consulting services for a number of Fortune 500 and large private companies. She has been Chairwoman of YMCA ... of Pennsylvania, Inc. since June 2012. Ms. Allen served as the Chairwoman of Deloitte & Touche LLP and Deloitte & Touche USA LLP. She served as Chairman of National Council of Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States of America from May 16, 2012 to February 26, 2014. She served as the Chairwoman of Deloitte LLP from 2003 to 2011. In this role, she led Deloitte's governance activities and oversight of strategy development and execution. She directed Deloitte's succession planning. She has been an Independent Director of Bank of America Corporation since August 23, 2012. She serves as a Director of Catalyst Inc. She has been an Independent Director of First Solar, Inc., since August 2013 and Albertsons Companies, Inc. since June 2015. Ms. Allen has been an Independent Director of Albertsons, LLC since June 2015. She served as a Director of National Council of Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States of America. She served as a Director of Deloitte LLP since 2003. She serves on the President's Export Council and is a Member of the Women's Leadership Board at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. She serves as a Board Member of the Autry National Center, United Way of Greater Los Angeles, YMCA of Metropolitan Los Angeles and Young Men's Christian Association. She was named by Forbes Magazine as one of the 100 most powerful women in the world. She was named Private Sector Woman of the Year by the Financial Women’s Association. She is a Certified Public Accountant. Ms. Allen holds an Honorary Doctorate in Administrative Science from her alma mater, the University of Idaho. She also earned her bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Idaho.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Bank of America Corporate CenterCharlotte, North Carolina 28255United StatesPhone: 704-386-5681Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
ChairwomanYMCA of Pennsylvania, Inc.DirectorCatalyst Inc.2012-PresentIndependent DirectorBank of America Corporation2013-PresentIndependent DirectorFirst Solar, Inc.2015-PresentIndependent DirectorAB Acquisition LLC2015-PresentIndependent DirectorAlbertsons Companies, Inc.
Education
Honorary Doctorate University Of IdahoBachelor's Degree University Of Idaho
Other Affiliations
Deloitte & Touche LLPNational Council of Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States of AmericaUniversity Of IdahoFirst Solar, Inc.YMCA of Pennsylvania, Inc.Deloitte LLPCatalyst Inc.AB Acquisition LLCAlbertsons Companies, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$145,000Total Calculated Compensation$345,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationTimothy J. Sloan Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorWells Fargo & Company$2.3MMichael L. Corbat CEO & DirectorCitigroup Inc.$5.7MHuan  Zhao President, Vice Chairman and Executive DirectorAgricultural Bank of China Limited$484.0KShu  Gu Vice Chairman & President Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited$448.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bank of America Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
















































































Sharon L. Allen | U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation























Skip to Main Content







	An affiliate of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce



Search form

Search 









Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn










U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation




Menu

WorkCentersCenter for Education and Workforce
Corporate Citizenship Center
Hiring Our Heroes
Institute for Organization Management

InitiativesFast Forward
Data-Driven Innovation
Innovation That Matters
MBA Case Competition


Blog
TopicsCommunity Improvement
Competitiveness
Corporate Citizenship
Data
Disaster Response
Early Childhood Education
Economic Empowerment
Economic Growth
Emerging Issues
Entrepreneurship
Environment
Health and Wellness
Innovation
K-12 Education
Postsecondary Education
STEMSTEM Toolkit

Veterans
Women
Workforce Training
Youth Employment

EventsUpcoming Events
Recent Events
Event Videos
Hiring Events

PublicationsReports
Best Practices

AboutAbout Us
Leadership
Staff
Media Contacts
Press Releases
Contact Us
#FoundationNation
Benefits of Partnering









U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation / Sharon L. Allen 
Sharon L. Allen




Sharon L. Allen served as Chairman of the Board of Deloitte LLP from 2003-2011 where she led the board in providing oversight and guidance to the management of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries.
Sharon spent her entire career at Deloitte. With 38 years of audit and consulting experience, she oversaw relationships with a number of major multinational clients.
Sharon’s began her career in the Boise, Idaho, office where she became office managing partner — Deloitte’s first woman in that role. In 1994 she became the first female board member in Deloitte’s history. She also served as regional managing partner for the Pacific Southwest practice, which at that time was Deloitte’s second largest region in the country.
In 2000 she was elected to serve a second term on the board and, in 2003, Allen made history when she was elected the first independent chairman of Deloitte LLP — the highest-ranking woman in the organization’s history and the first and only woman ever to serve as chairman of a large, private U.S. professional services organization. She was also a member of the global board of directors of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.
Sharon is Chairman-elect of the National Board of the YMCA, a board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee for Catalyst, Inc., and Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Autry National Center, Sharon is a popular and much sought-after public speaker on topics ranging from governance and ethics to talent management and diversity. In 2007, she commissioned Deloitte’s annual Chairman’s Ethics & Workplace Survey. She has addressed such prestigious forums as the Detroit Economic Club, Forbes Executive Women’s Forum, and the UN Economic Development Fund, as well as major business schools and leading undergraduate programs.
Sharon was named to Forbes’ list of “The 100 Most Powerful Women in the World” and to Directorship’s “100 Most Influential People in Corporate Governance” for four consecutive years. Beta Gamma Sigma, the international honor society, named her its 2009 International honoree.
Sharon holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Idaho, which also presented her with an honorary doctorate in administrative science in 2004.







SHARE PAGE



page to share
Sharon L. Allen
https://www.uschamberfoundation.org/center-women-business/sharon-l-allen



Tweet

Facebook

Google+

Pin It



Print
Send via email






Subscribe for updates

Subscribe
Sign up today to receive information and event invitations from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation.


Your Email Address *







 









 
















Allen, Sharon L PHD 25661 Lone Acres Ln Laguna Hills, CA Psychologists - MapQuest







































































































    Allen, Sharon L PHD
  

25661 Lone Acres Ln

Laguna Hills
CA
92653




 Reviews



(949) 831-9373

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help

























Leadership | First Solar



















Press Center
Careers
Contact








Modules



Our Technology


Series 4


Components and Structures


Post Sales Support




PV Plants



Corporate


Utility-Scale


Project Development


Community Solar


Developers & EPC


Energy Services




Resources



Energy Advantage


Technical Documents


Knowledge Center


Sustainability Documents


Projects




Investors



Careers



About Us



Overview


Leadership


Corporate Responsibility


Press Center


Locations







Regions / Languages

Americas (NA)EN
JapanJA
EMEAEN
AustraliaEN
IndiaEN









About Us
Leadership


 



Corporate Governance
First Solar’s leadership in renewable energy is a result of our deep expertise and nearly 15-year track record of manufacturing, developing, financing, engineering, constructing, and operating the world’s leading sources of sustainable, solar energy. We rely on the vast experience and talent of our associates, who draw from considerable experience in both the conventional and solar energy fields to deliver reliable, dependable and cost-effective PV energy solutions to our customers.





First Solar's Guiding Policies & Principles

 Amended and Restated Bylaws
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics*
 Corporate Governance Guidelines


 

Learn More About First Solar

 Financial Calendar
 Investor FAQ
 News Releases








Governance Structures of First Solar









Executive Management
Board of Directors
Board Committee Membership and Charters











Mark Widmar
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Widmar became CEO of First Solar in July 2016. He joined First Solar in April 2011 as chief financial officer and served as First Solar’s chief accounting officer from February 2012 through June 2015. Mr. Widmar also serves as a director on the board of the general partner of 8point3 Energy Partners LP (“8point3 Energy Partners”), the joint yieldco formed by First Solar and SunPower Corporation in 2015 to own and operate a portfolio of selected solar generation assets. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Widmar served as chief financial officer of GrafTech International Ltd., a leading global manufacturer of advanced carbon and graphite materials, from May 2006 through March 2011, as well as president, Engineered Solutions from January 2011 through March 2011. Prior to joining GrafTech, Mr. Widmar served as corporate controller of NCR Inc. from 2005 to 2006, and was a business unit chief financial officer for NCR from November 2002 to his appointment as controller. He also served as a division controller at Dell, Inc. from August 2000 to November 2002 prior to joining NCR. Mr. Widmar also held various financial and managerial positions with Lucent Technologies Inc., Allied Signal, Inc., and Bristol Myers/Squibb, Inc. He began his career in 1987 as an accountant with Ernst & Young. Mr. Widmar holds a Bachelor of Science in business accounting and a Masters of Business Administration from Indiana University.


Alex Bradley
Chief Financial Officer
Alexander R. Bradley was appointed chief financial officer in July 2016. Mr. Bradley previously served as vice president, treasury and project finance for First Solar. Mr. Bradley also serves as a director on the board for the general partner of 8point3 Energy Partners. Mr. Bradley has led or supported the structuring, sale, and financing of over $10 billion and approximately 2.7 GW of the company’s worldwide development assets, including several of the largest photovoltaic power plant projects in North America. Mr. Bradley’s professional experience includes more than 10 years in investment banking, mergers and acquisitions, project finance, and business development in the United States and internationally. Prior to joining the First Solar in May 2008, Mr. Bradley worked at HSBC in investment banking and leveraged finance, in London and New York, covering the energy and utilities sector. He received his Master of Arts from the University of Edinburgh, Scotland.


Georges Antoun
Chief Commercial Officer
Georges Antoun was appointed chief commercial officer in July 2016. He joined First Solar in July 2012 as chief operating officer before being appointed to president, US. Mr. Antoun has over 20 years of operational and technical experience, including leadership positions at several global technology companies. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Antoun served as venture partner at Technology Crossover Ventures (“TCV”), a private equity and venture firm that he joined in July 2011. Before joining TCV, Mr. Antoun was the head of Product Area IP & Broadband Networks for Ericsson, based in San Jose, California. Mr. Antoun joined Ericsson in 2007, when Ericsson acquired Redback Networks, a telecommunications equipment company, where Mr. Antoun served as the senior vice president of wWorldwide sales and operations. After the acquisition, Mr. Antoun was promoted to chief executive officer of the Redback Networks subsidiary. Prior to Redback Networks, Mr. Antoun spent five years at Cisco Systems, where he served as vice president of worldwide systems engineering and field marketing, vice president of worldwide optical operations, and vice president of carrier sales. He has also held senior management positions at Newbridge Networks, a data and voice networking company, and Nynex (now Verizon Communications), where he was part of its Science and Technology division. Mr. Antoun is a member of the board of directors of Ruckus Wireless, Inc. and Violin Memory, Inc., both publicly-traded companies. Mr. Antoun earned a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and a master’s degree in information systems engineering from NYU Polytechnic School of Engineering.


Philip Tymen deJong
Chief Operations Officer
Philip Tymen deJong was appointed chief operating officer in July 2015. Mr. deJong has comprehensive leadership responsibility for areas including manufacturing, EPC, quality and reliability, supply chain, and product management. Mr. deJong joined First Solar in January 2010 as vice president, plant management and served in several senior vice president roles in manufacturing and operations prior to being appointed senior vice president, manufacturing and EPC in January 2015. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. deJong was vice president of assembly/test manufacturing for Numonyx Corporation. Prior to that, he worked for 25 years at Intel Corporation, holding various positions in engineering, manufacturing, wafer fabrication management, and assembly/test manufacturing. Mr. deJong holds a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial engineering/mechanical engineering from Oregon State University and has completed advanced study at the University of New Mexico Anderson School of Management.


Raffi Garabedian
Chief Technology Officer
Raffi Garabedian has been the chief technology officer of First Solar, Inc. since May 2012 and manages the company’s technology, photovoltaic module, and power plant system products and roadmaps. Mr. Garabedian joined First Solar in June 2008 as director of disruptive technologies. Prior to First Solar, Mr. Garabedian spent over 15 years in the MEMS (micro-electro-mechanical systems) industry, developing new products ranging from automotive engine control sensors to fiberoptic telecommunications switching systems. He was the founding CEO of Touchdown Technologies, Inc., which was acquired by Verigy, as well as Micromachines Inc., which was acquired by Kavlico. Mr. Garabedian is named on approximately 28 issued U.S. patents. Mr. Garabedian earned a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering with a focus on semiconductor and microsystems technology from the University of California Davis.


Paul Kaleta
Executive Vice President, General Counsel
Paul Kaleta joined First Solar in March 2014 as executive vice president and general counsel. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Kaleta was executive vice president, general counsel, shared services and secretary, and chief compliance officer for NV Energy, Inc., which was acquired by Berkshire Hathaway’s Energy Group in December 2013. Before that, he was vice president and general counsel for Koch Industries, Inc., one of the world’s largest privately held companies with diverse businesses worldwide, including refining, petrochemicals, and commodity trading, among others. He also served in a number of legal and other leadership roles for Koch companies. Before joining Koch, he was vice president and general counsel of Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation (now part of National Grid). In private practice, Mr. Kaleta was an equity partner in the Washington D.C. law firm Swidler Berlin LLP and an associate in the Washington D.C. office of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP. He also served as a federal judicial clerk. Mr. Kaleta is the founding chair of the Southern Nevada Chapter of the “I Have a Dream Foundation” (now “Core Academy-powered by The Rogers Foundation”), a member of the Client Advisory Council of Lex Mundi, and has taught both energy law and business ethics and leadership, as an adjunct professor, among other professional and community activities. Mr. Kaleta holds a Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center and a bachelor's degree from Hamilton College.


Chris Bueter
Executive Vice President, Human Resources
Christopher R. Bueter was appointed executive vice president, human resources in February 2016. Mr. Bueter joined First Solar in November 2009 as global director for industrial relations and also served as vice president, human resources global business development and corporate services, vice president, global human resources and labor relations, and senior vice president, human resources. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Bueter served as the vice president of global employee relations at Dana Corporation, an American-based worldwide supplier of powertrain components. In his 24 years at Dana Corporation, he served in a variety of roles, including corporate director of employee relations and distribution services division human resources manager. Mr. Bueter holds a Bachelor of Science in human resources management from the University of Toledo, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Toledo Law School.






Michael J. Ahearn
Chairman of the Board - Director since 2000 |                                 Chairman of the Board
Michael J. Ahearn, Technology Committee, previously served as First Solar’s chief executive officer from August 2000 to September 2009; interim chief executive officer from October 2011 to May 2012; executive chairman from October 2009 to December 2010 and May 2012 to July 2012; and non-executive chairman from January 2011 to October 2011 and July 2012 to present. Mr. Ahearn is currently chairman and managing partner of True North Venture Partners, L.P., a venture capital firm he launched in 2011 to invest primarily in early stage companies in the energy, water, agriculture and waste sectors. Prior to First Solar, he was partner and president of an equity investment firm, JWMA (formerly True North Partners, L.L.C.). Prior to joining JWMA, Mr. Ahearn practiced law as a partner in the firm of Gallagher & Kennedy. Mr. Ahearn currently serves as a member of the board of directors of Cox Enterprises, Inc.; a member of the board of directors of Endeavor Global, Inc.; and a member of the global advisory board of Beijing Climate Policy Initiative. Mr. Ahearn holds a Bachelor of Arts in finance and a Juris Doctor from Arizona State University.


Sharon L. Allen
Independent Director - Director since 2013
Sharon L. Allen, Chair, Audit Committee; Technology Committee, served as U.S. chairwoman of Deloitte LLP from 2003 to 2011, retiring from that position in May 2011. Ms. Allen was also a member of the global board of directors, chair of the Global Risk Committee and U.S. representative of the Global Governance Committee of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited from 2003 to May 2011. Ms. Allen worked at Deloitte for nearly 40 years in various leadership roles, including partner and regional managing partner, and was previously responsible for audit and consulting services for a number of Fortune 500 and large private companies. Ms. Allen is currently an independent director of Bank of America Corporation, serving as chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Corporate Governance Committee. A certified public accountant (inactive), Ms. Allen holds a Bachelor of Science in accounting and received an honorary doctorate in administrative sciences from the University of Idaho.


Richard D. Chapman
Independent Director - Director since 2012
Richard D. Chapman, Compensation Committee, serves as the chief financial officer of Walton Enterprises, Inc., where he has worked since 1983. In this capacity, Mr. Chapman oversees all aspects of the Walton Family Office in Arkansas. Mr. Chapman currently serves on the boards of directors of the Arvest Bank Group, the holding company for a diversified financial services company; the University of Arkansas Foundation Board, where he serves on the Executive and Finance Committees; the Razorback Foundation, where he is a member of the Investment Committee; and the Fayetteville Campus Foundation of the University of Arkansas. Mr. Chapman also serves on the boards of directors of the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art, where he sits on the Executive and Investment Committees; and the Walton Family Charitable Support Foundation. Mr. Chapman was previously a member of the Board of Managers of First Solar Holdings, LLC prior to the Company going public and JWMA (formerly True North Partners, L.L.C.), an equity investment firm. Prior to joining Walton Enterprises, Mr. Chapman worked from 1976-1983 in London, England and Little Rock, Arkansas, for the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. A Certified Public Accountant (inactive), Mr. Chapman holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration  in accounting from the University of Arkansas.


George A. Hambro
Independent Director - Director since 2012
George A. (“Chip”) Hambro, chair, Technology Committee, previously held various positions at First Solar from June 2001 through June 2009, including serving as chief operating officer from February 2005 through May 2007. Prior to joining First Solar, he held the positions of vice president of engineering and business development for Goodrich Aerospace from May 1999 to June 2001 and vice president of operations for ITT Industries from February 1997 to May 1999. For the last five years, Mr. Hambro has been a director of both the Toledo Zoo, and Imagination Station, Toledo’s children’s science museum. Mr. Hambro currently serves on the board of directors of View, Inc., a developer of next-generation green building solutions designed to improve energy efficiency, and Aquahydrex, which is developing and commercializing low cost hydrogen production technologies. Mr. Hambro graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a Bachelor of Arts in physical science (applied physics).


Molly Joseph
Independent Director - Director since 2017 
Molly Joseph, Audit Committee, Project Development Committee, is Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare Global and Executive Vice President, Global, UnitedHealth Group. She assumed these roles in May of 2014 and March of 2017, respectively, and leads overall strategic direction and operational management of business outside the United States. She serves on UnitedHealthcare’s Executive Council and UnitedHealth Group’s Executive Leadership Team. From 2009 to 2014, Ms. Joseph was Senior Vice President, Global for UnitedHealth Group, leading the Global Markets division, as well as the strategic development of the global business, which grew from a start-up to a $7 billion revenue business over that period of time. Prior to her global role with UnitedHealth Group, she led acquisitions and other strategic transactions across the enterprise. Prior to joining UnitedHealth Group, Ms. Joseph was an investment banker focused on mergers and acquisitions. She began her career as a corporate lawyer, also focused on business transactions. Ms. Joseph currently sits on the Advisory Board of Children’s HeartLink, a global nonprofit healthcare organization, as well as the Board of Directors of Austin Young People’s Chorus. She earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Santa Clara University, and received a Juris Doctorate from Georgetown Law Center.


Craig Kennedy
Independent Director - Director since 2007
Craig Kennedy, Audit Committee, Project Development Committee, was president of the German Marshall Fund, an independent American organization created in 1972 as a permanent memorial to the Marshall Plan, from 1995 to 2014. The German Marshall Fund sponsors a wide range of programs related to foreign, economic, immigration and environmental policy, and it operates a number of political exchanges between the United States and Europe with a special emphasis on Germany. Mr. Kennedy began his career in 1980 as a program officer at the Joyce Foundation in Chicago. Mr. Kennedy was president of the Joyce Foundation between 1986 and 1992, where he built the Foundation’s environmental program and launched a new program on U.S. immigration policy. Mr. Kennedy left the Joyce Foundation to work for Richard J. Dennis, a Chicago investor and philanthropist. During this same period, Mr. Kennedy created a consulting firm working with nonprofit and public sector clients. Mr. Kennedy was Audit Committee chair of the Invesco Van Kampen Closed-End-Funds from 1999 to 2014. He also serves on the advisory board of True North Venture Partners, L.P. Mr. Kennedy holds a Bachelor of Arts, a Master of Arts and an MBA from the University of Chicago.


James F. Nolan
Independent Director - Director since 2003
James F. Nolan, Technology Committee, served as the vice president of operations of Solar Cells, Inc., the predecessor to First Solar, and was responsible for research, development and manufacturing operations. He designed and built early prototype equipment for First Solar’s pilot manufacturing line and led the team that developed the process for producing large area thin film cadmium telluride solar modules. Mr. Nolan worked as a part-time consultant for First Solar from November 2000 until March 2007. Mr. Nolan has over 35 years of experience in physics, engineering, research and development, manufacturing and process design with companies such as Westinghouse, Owens Illinois, Glasstech and Photonics Systems. Mr. Nolan holds more than 10 patents in areas of flat panel electronic displays and photovoltaic devices and processes. Mr. Nolan earned his Bachelor of Science in physics from the University of Scranton (Pennsylvania) and a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Pittsburgh.


William J. Post
Independent Director - Director since 2010
William J. Post, chair, Project Development Committee; Compensation Committee, retired as chairman and chief executive officer of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (“Pinnacle West”) in April 2009, and he retired from the board of directors of Pinnacle West in May 2010. He joined Arizona Public Service (the largest subsidiary of Pinnacle West and the largest electric utility in Arizona) in 1973 and held various officer positions at Arizona Public Service beginning in 1982 including: vice president and controller, vice president of finance and regulation, chief operating officer, president and chief executive officer. He became president of Pinnacle West in 1997, chief executive officer in 1999 and chairman of the board in 2001. Mr. Post joined the board of Arizona Public Service in 1995 and the board of Pinnacle West in 1997. Mr. Post is chairman of the Translational Genomics Research Institute and chairman of the Arizona State University Foundation, where he received a Bachelor of Science in 1973. He also serves as a director of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona. He has served in the past as chairman of Swift Transportation Company, Suncor Development Company, Stagg Information Systems, Nuclear Assurance Corporation, Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited, the Institute of Nuclear Power, and El Dorado Investment Company. He also served as a director of Phelps Dodge Corporation from 2001 to 2007 and U.S. Airways from 2011 to 2013.


J. Thomas Presby
Independent Director - Director since 2006
J. Thomas Presby, Audit Committee, Nominating & Governance Committee, Project Development Committee, retired in 2002 after a 30-year career as a partner at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. At Deloitte, he held many positions in the United States and abroad, including global deputy chairman and chief operating officer. Currently, Mr. Presby is a director of the following other public companies where he also chairs the audit committees: INVESCO, Ltd., World Fuel Services Corporation and ExamWorks Group, Inc.  From 2003 to 2009, Mr. Presby was a director and audit committee chair of Turbochef Technologies, Inc.; from 2005 to 2011, he was a director and audit committee chair of American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.; and from 2003 to 2012, he was a director and audit committee chair of Tiffany & Co.  He is a board member of the New York chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors (“NACD”). He previously served as a trustee of Rutgers University and Montclair State University (N.J.), and as a director and chairman of the audit committee of the German Marshall Fund of the United States. Mr. Presby received a Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering from Rutgers University and an MBA degree from the Carnegie Mellon University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Presby is a certified public accountant in New York and Ohio, and a holder of the NACD Certificate of Director Education. He was named by the NACD as one of the “Top 100” directors of 2011.


Paul H. Stebbins
Independent Director - Director since 2006
Paul H. Stebbins, chair, Nominating & Governance Committee; Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Project Development Committee, has served as chairman emeritus and as a non-employee director of World Fuel Services Corporation (“World Fuel”) since January 2015. Previously, Mr. Stebbins served as the chairman and chief executive officer of World Fuel from July 2002 to January 2012 and as executive chairman from January 2012 to May 2014. He has served as a director of World Fuel since June 1995. Between July 2000 and 2002, Mr. Stebbins also served as president and chief operating officer of World Fuel. In 1985, Mr. Stebbins co-founded Trans-Tec Services, a global marine fuel service company acquired by World Fuel in 1995. Mr. Stebbins served for many years as a member of the Business Round Table, an influential association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies, and currently serves as a member of the Energy Security Leadership Council of S.A.F.E. (Securing America’s Future Energy) and as a member of the Leadership Council of the Fix the Debt Campaign founded by Erskine Bowles and Sen. Alan Simpson.


Michael T. Sweeney
Independent Director - Director since 2003
Michael T. Sweeney, chair, Compensation Committee; Nominating & Governance Committee.  He was CEO of Steinway Musical Instruments, Inc and its principal subsidiary, Steinway & Sons from October, 2011 through August, 2016, and as chairman of the board from July 2011 through September 2013. Mr. Sweeney served as chairman of the board of Star Tribune Media Holdings, the holding company for the Minneapolis Star Tribune, from September 2009 to September 2014, and has served as a director of Carlson Companies, Inc. Mr. Sweeney served as managing partner in Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison, Inc., a private equity firm, from 2001 through 2008. He had previously served as president of Starbucks Coffee Company (UK) Ltd. in London and held various operating management and corporate finance roles.


Mark Widmar
Director - Director since 2016
Mr. Widmar became CEO of First Solar in July 2016. He joined First Solar in April 2011 as chief financial officer and served as First Solar’s chief accounting officer from February 2012 through June 2015. Mr. Widmar also serves as a director on the board of the general partner of 8point3 Energy Partners LP (“8point3 Energy Partners”), the joint yieldco formed by First Solar and SunPower Corporation in 2015 to own and operate a portfolio of selected solar generation assets. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Widmar served as CFO of GrafTech International Ltd., a leading global manufacturer of advanced carbon and graphite materials, from May 2006 through March 2011, as well as president, engineered solutions from January 2011 through March 2011. Prior to joining GrafTech, Mr. Widmar served as corporate controller of NCR Inc. from 2005 to 2006, and was a business unit CFO for NCR from November 2002 to his appointment as controller. He also served as a division controller at Dell, Inc. from August 2000 to November 2002 prior to joining NCR. Mr. Widmar also held various financial and managerial positions with Lucent Technologies Inc., Allied Signal, Inc., and Bristol Myers/Squibb, Inc. He began his career in 1987 as an accountant with Ernst & Young. Mr. Widmar holds a Bachelor of Science in business accounting and a Masters of Business Administration from Indiana University.







Director
Audit
Compensation
Nominating & Governance
Project Development
Technology




Michael J. Ahearn
 
 
 
 
×


Sharon Allen
Chair
 
 
 
×


Richard Chapman
 
×
 
 
 


George Hambro
 
 
 
 
Chair


Molly Joseph
×
 
 
×
 


Craig Kennedy
×
 
 
×
 


James F. Nolan
 
 
 
 
×


William J. Post
 
×
 
Chair
 


J. Thomas Presby
×
 
×
×
 


Paul H. Stebbins
×
×
Chair
×
 


Michael Sweeney
 
Chair
×
 
 




Committee Charters

Audit
Compensation
Nominating & Governance
Project Development
Technology





 


*On July 20, 2017, the Audit Committee of the board of directors of First Solar adopted an amendment to our code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all directors and associates, including our chairmen, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, other directors and executive officers, and all of our associates in the global organization (the “Code”). The amendment changes the email address to contact the Chair of the Audit Committee [[and clarifies the text related to the prevention of retaliation against employees who report violations of federal law]].  On February 15, 2017, the Audit Committee of the board of directors of First Solar adopted an amendment that changes the name of First Solar’s anonymous “whistleblower” hotline to the “ethics” hotline. On July 29, 2015, the Audit Committee adopted a Code amendment that updated the contact information for communicating any auditing and accounting related issues. On February 18, 2015, the Audit Committee adopted a Code amendment that primarily adds references to certain internal policies that govern specific subject matter areas, and clarifies or updates certain prior provisions of the Code. On July 30, 2014, the board of directors adopted a Code amendment pursuant to which a reporting person may still submit a complaint to a third-party anonymous ethics hotline by logging onto http://www.openboard.info/fslr/, or by calling toll-free 1-866-569-1857; however, a reporting person may no longer send an e-mail to submit a complaint to the ethics hotline. The amended Code is posted on our website at www.firstsolar.com under "Investors - Corporate Governance." Any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, any provision of the code of business conduct and ethics with respect to any director or executive officer will be posted on our website. On February 15, 2017, the Audit Committee adopted an amendment that changes the name of First Solar’s anonymous “whistleblower” hotline to the “ethics” hotline. On July 29, 2015, the Audit Committee adopted a Code amendment that updated the contact information for communicating any auditing and accounting related issues. On February 18, 2015, the Audit Committee adopted a Code amendment that primarily adds references to certain internal policies that govern specific subject matter areas, and clarifies or updates certain prior provisions of the Code. On July 30, 2014, the board of directors adopted a Code amendment pursuant to which a reporting person may still submit a complaint to a third-party anonymous ethics hotline by logging onto http://www.openboard.info/fslr/, or by calling toll-free 1-866-569-1857; however, a reporting person may no longer send an e-mail to submit a complaint to the ethics hotline. The amended Code is posted on our website at www.firstsolar.com under "Investors - Corporate Governance." Any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, any provision of the code of business conduct and ethics with respect to any director or executive officer will be posted on our website.







Modules

Our Technology
Series 4 Modules
Ecosystem
Post Sales Support



About Us

Overview
Leadership
Corporate Responsibility
Press Center
Locations



Resources

Energy Advantage
Technical Documents
Knowledge Center
Sustainability Documents



Quick Links

Press Center
Careers
Contact Us
Become a Supplier



Follow Us On










© 2017 First Solar. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







