


Allegory - The Power to Win Any Case




































 

 






1 (800) 531-1742


Contact Us
Product
Pricing
Press
Blog
Request a Demo
Log In














Contact Us


















Select a Subject
Free Trial of the Allegory Advantage
Learn more about how Allegory solves litigation challenges
Demo to see the Allegory Advantage in action
Set up a CLE presentation for my firm
Get started with Allegory on my own case
I would like to chat with current Allegory customers
Other (please specify in message)





Submit Message












The Power to Win Any CaseSmart + Simple + Secure
Allegory helps you win by automating everyday litigation tasks, connecting your case from every angle, and giving you the answers you need at your fingertips.
Request a Demo







Allegory Links EverythingYou Need to Win Your Case



Case Documents
Never lose key arguments and analyses from case documents such as Correspondence, Work Product and Filings.



Case Administration
Manage all your cases from one easy-to-use dashboard and simple case home pages, accessible from anywhere.



Witnesses
At-a-glance witness pages and automatic linking to key witness materials make managing witnesses simple and accurate.



Evidence
Maximize every piece of evidence — from key documents to deposition testimony — by easily cross-referencing details.







High Stakes Litigation Requires High Performing Software






“Allegory is an invaluable tool, providing a seamless way to integrate critical case information and to provide clients with more effective data management. It’s great to be on the cutting edge of litigation technology.”
Cynthia Arato, named Lawyer of the Year for 2015 in New York for Entertainment Law-Music by Best Lawyer, Shapiro Arato LLP



“Miraculous.”
Senior Associate, Law360 2015 White Collar Practice Group of the Year



“Just last night, I found a needle in a haystack with Allegory. It's been great.”
Attorney, Defender Services Office of the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts



“This is a godsend.”
Counsel, AmLaw 200 Firm named Tier 1 for Mass Tort Litigation/Class Actions in the 2016 Edition of U.S. News — Best Lawyers “Best Law Firms”



“We have already been using (and appreciating) Allegory’s new features.”
Paralegal, Law360 Securities Group of the Year, Vault Top 10 Firm



“Enables my teams to focus on winning our cases rather than wasting hours chasing after the same information over and over again.”
Partner, AmLaw 100 Firm named The American Lawyer’s Litigation Department of the Year










The Allegory Advantage



Mobility + Security
Access your case from anywhere, including any smartphone or tablet. Our secure, fast, easy-to-use platform, optimized for your desktop or mobile browser, makes real-time collaboration across offices and locations a reality. No software or plug-ins to install — simply log in and go.

Allegory has implemented the same services and systems for our cloud-based architecture as those used by highly sensitive commercial and government institutions such as NASA, the FDA, Citrix, Pfizer, and numerous e-discovery services.  Among other security measures, our web-based platform is protected by a virtual private network, multi-factor authentication, encryption in transit, encryption at rest, complex passwords, inactivity time-outs, backups and recovery systems, testing and error reporting, continuous monitoring and updating, and Information, Organization, and Asset Security Policies.
We are happy to work with you to ensure that your use of our services meets the requirements and recommendations of your state ethics opinions on cloud computing, compiled by the American Bar Association Law Practice Division.

More on Security  »






Leverage the Value ofAttorney and Paralegal Work
Our philosophy is to leverage the way you work, never to change the way you work. Allegory is tailored to the everyday language and processes already in place for most litigation teams, enabling you to accomplish the same tasks, but faster, more accurately, and with better collaboration.

Alma Asay, a former BigLaw litigator, originally designed and founded Allegory as a dream-come-true tool for litigation teams based on her experiences litigating complex commercial litigations at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.  Today, all of our clients — big and small — drive new feature development, making Allegory a tool designed by the best litigation teams in the country.   We work closely with our clients to incorporate feedback and to see for ourselves what additional daily challenges we can tackle through enhancements to Allegory, which are released on a near-weekly basis.   This collective and continuous process of enhancing Allegory to exceed our clients' expectations ensures that Allegory remains best-in-class, offering first-of-their-kind new features that give our clients an immediate advantage.
To learn first-hand how Allegory can solve a specific challenge faced by your litigation team, or to learn more about how we have solved challenges faced by litigation teams like yours, contact us.

More on How Allegory is Built for Litigation Teams  »






Everyday Litigation Tasks —as Simple as Flipping a Light Switch
Automatically create Binders and Court-ready Exhibits in seconds. Easily link evidence to your Order of Proof on the fly. Allegory automates and simplifies everyday litigation tasks, so your team’s time and brainpower is spent on the most important task — winning your case.

Allegory is a litigation management tool, not an e-discovery tool. This means that Allegory is focused on how and why you are using key documents to win your litigation, rather than triaging through the e-discovery process to what gets produced.   To help your team make immediate use of Allegory’s features, Allegory not only automates and simplifies your everyday litigation tasks once key documents are loaded, it also automates and simplifies the process of getting your documents transferred in the first place.
Whether at the outset of a case (pre-discovery), as key documents are produced in discovery, or long after production, as the team is down to working with deposition or trial exhibits, we have an easy-upload solution for every scenario, (including associated data), so you can immediately realize the benefits of Allegory on any document set. Allegory is e-discovery provider agnostic and no technical know-how is required, so you can do it yourself (or we can still do it for you if you prefer).   We also offer a plug-in option, built by our legal services partner, Huron Legal (now Consilio), with one-time setup and easy Issue-mapping for clients using kCura’s Relativity (including onsite installations).

More on How to Make the Most of Automating Everyday Litigation Tasks  »






Smart Software To Help YouThink on Your Feet
Allegory is like a smartphone, putting the information you need at your fingertips when and how you need it. For example, like a smartphone cross-references phone numbers across many applications, Allegory cross-references documents and other information across many litigator workflows.

Nothing out of reach
Allegory puts your entire case at your fingertips, including a Search function that searches across your entire case (or multiple cases) in one easy search, with filter options and context-display results.
Access information from multiple angles
Want to see everywhere a document has been used as an exhibit? Simply open the document. Want to, instead, see all of the documents that were used as exhibits to a particular motion? Simply open the motion. Cross-references throughout Allegory link how documents inter-relate, so your case is connected from any angle.
One tool to cover it all
Whether you use Allegory for one case or multiple cases, Allegory spans the entire life cycle of your case(s). Allegory can even be used long after a single case is over, to retrieve key information about past cases and give your firm a tactical advantage to get new business.
Skip to what you need, skip over what you don’t
No messy folders here. Allegory’s easy-to-use interface directs you to where to look, and indexes on each page allow plain language filtering to immediately find what you need. Other advanced features based on common lookup strategies allow you to quickly target what you need without any searching or filtering.
See what you don’t have, as well as what you do
Allegory is designed around the information we expect your litigation team to have (just like an “Add New Contact” form in your phone suggests common contact information). Unlike folders and filenames, which make it impossible to see at a glance what is missing, Allegory predicts the documents and information your team should have (e.g., for a motion or a witness), and makes immediately obvious what your team may be missing, before it is too late.
Answers at your fingertips
Just like smartphones have put the answers at our fingertips in our everyday lives, Allegory now puts the answers at your fingertips for your case(s). Now, you can think on your feet, be the fastest person in the room with any answer, and focus on winning your case.
To see Allegory in action, contact us for a demonstration.

More on How Allegory Works Like a Smartphone  »






Smart SoftwareAND Smart Service
For teams that could use an extra hand, we offer optional services to help you get and/or stay on top of your cases.  By defining the process for everyday litigation tasks in Allegory itself, we have streamlined the ability to deliver these core litigation services, including preparing evidence, creating binders, and digesting depositions.

In addition to best-in-class software, the Allegory team also delivers best-in-class services to help you make the most of your Allegory experience.   The Allegory team is made up of former BigLaw attorneys, paralegals, and litigation support specialists, each of whom understands the pressure to deliver quickly and the importance of getting it right.
Our services are built on a foundation of best practices that we not only build into what we deliver, but also into your team as they use Allegory.  From an easy-to-follow interface and step-by-step “learn as you go” guides for common litigation processes, to a full-service team to support you if you so choose, we make adopting best practices more straightforward than ever before.  Learn more (and get CLE credit) by signing up for our “Looking at Risks Beyond E-Discovery” CLE Presentation.

More on Optional Services  »






Get Started Today
It is never too late or too early to get started using Allegory. Whether you are investigating a new claim, halfway through depositions, or a month away from trial — Allegory gives you and your client the upper hand. To prove it, we offer new clients free services to help get your first case up to speed.

Get started with your own case
The first time you use Allegory, we want you to see it populated with your case — organized just the way you wish it would have been, as if you had been using Allegory all along. Take us up on our offer to help you get your case up to speed (for free!) and immediately realize the benefits of the Allegory Advantage.
Ask for references
Our clients include AmLaw100 and AmLaw200 law firms, litigation boutiques, Fortune500 companies, and government agencies, across the United States. We are glad to provide attorney and paralegal references, including for specific use cases, so you can hear for yourself how Allegory has made a difference for litigation teams like yours.
Schedule a “Looking at Risks Beyond E-Discovery” CLE Presentation
We will discuss how your litigation teams can protect themselves and your firm against dropping the ball by discussing the significance of smart litigation management, using real-world examples from recent court decisions, reinforcing best practices, and highlighting intuitive technology solutions for staying on top of it all.

More on Ways to Get Started  »








Allegory in the News


































Our Partners












Contact Us


















Select a Subject
Free Trial of the Allegory Advantage
Learn more about how Allegory solves litigation challenges
Demo to see the Allegory Advantage in action
Set up a CLE presentation for my firm
Get started with Allegory on my own case
I would like to chat with current Allegory customers
Other (please specify in message)





Submit Message








Follow @AllegoryLaw








Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Attributions


© 2016 Allegory Law, Inc. d/b/a Allegory Solutions.All Rights Reserved. Patent Pending.

 



 












Allegory
















Allegory




Sign in









Remember Me



Using the "Remember me" feature will permit anyone with access to this device to access your Allegory dashboard and cases even if you close your browser. In order to ensure the security of data accessible on Allegory from this device, please ensure that your device is password protected.


I understand



Sign In

Forgot Your Password?
Didn’t Receive Confirmation Instructions?









©
2017
Allegory








Allegory - The Power to Win Any Case




































 

 






1 (800) 531-1742


Log In





Terms & Conditions





Allegory Law, Inc. Website Terms of Use

The website located at www.allegorylaw.com (the “Site”) is a copyrighted work belonging to Allegory Law, Inc. (“Company”, “us”, “our”, and “we”). Certain features of the Site may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Site in connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms.


THESE TERMS OF USE (THESE “TERMS OF SERVICE” OR “TERMS”) SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY APPLICATIONS, INCLUDING MOBILE APPLICATIONS OR OTHER SERVICES (THE “SERVICE”). BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT) AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SITE OR SERVICE. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“you” or, if you register, "Users"). Company reserves the right to amend, discontinue, limit, disable, terminate, or cancel any feature of the Service.


1. Use of Our Service
1.1 Eligibility. You may use the Service only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. Any use or access to the Service by anyone under 18 is strictly prohibited and in violation of these Terms. The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by Company, and any such use or access is in violation of these Terms. Use of the Service is further prohibited by any competitor of Allegory and/or anyone using the Service for reasons that are adverse to, or can reasonably be expected to compete with, Allegory and/or any of the Service.
                1.2 User Account. Registration is required in order to use the Services. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account information. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify Company immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Company will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Company or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder.
                1.3 Service Rules. You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (a) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated "scraping"; (b) using any automated system, including without limitation "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the Company servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser (except that Company grants the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from Company.com for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials); (c) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (d) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service; (e) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (f) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service; (g) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service; (h) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (i) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (j) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (k) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service; or (l) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein. We may, without prior notice, change the Service; stop providing the Service or features of the Service, to you or to users generally; or create usage limits for the Service. We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by these Terms. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Company Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users. Company shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User's action or inaction.


2. Proprietary Rights. Company retains sole and exclusive ownership of all rights, title and interests in the Service and all intellectual property rights relating thereto, including, without limitation, issued patents and pending patent applications with respect to the Service and the technology related thereto. This provision shall survive termination and expiration of these Terms and shall remain in full force and effect thereafter. You acknowledge and agree that Company will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Site. Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service for your personal, noncommercial use only and as permitted by the features of the Service. Company reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the Company Content (as defined above). Company may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason. The rights granted to you in these Terms of Service are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Site or Service; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site or Service; (c) you shall not access the Site or Service in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site or Service may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site and Service shall be subject to these Terms of Service. All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site (or on any content displayed on the Site or Service) must be retained on all copies thereof.


3. Content. For purpose of these Terms of Service, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, written comments and information, data, text, photos, graphics, in static or interactive feature, owned by or licensed to Company and which is provided or otherwise made available through the Service. Company may not monitor or control Content posted by users of the Service or other individuals or entities and cannot be responsible for such Content. Any use or reliance on any Content posted through the Service or obtained by you through the Service is at your own risk. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view Content on the Site, Company is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the Site. However, Company reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Company in its sole discretion.


4. Feedback. If you provide Company with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site or Service (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to Company all rights in such Feedback and agree that Company shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Company will treat any Feedback you provide to Company as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to Company any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.


5. External Websites. The Website may contain links to third-party websites (“External Websites”). These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such External Websites. The content of such External Websites is developed and provided by others. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Websites if you have any concerns regarding such links or any content located on such External Websites. We are not responsible for the content of any linked External Websites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such External Websites. You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. If you decide to access linked External Websites, you do so at your own risk.


6. Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (a) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you; (b) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (c) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights; (d) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; (e) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any information that is submitted via your account; or (f) any other party's access and use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.


7. No Warranty. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COMPANY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.


8. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT; (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICE; (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICE; (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE; AND/OR (VII) USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO FIFTY US DOLLARS (U.S. $50).


9. Changes to the Terms of Service. These Terms of Service are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any material changes to these Terms of Service will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website or services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In any event, changes to these Terms of Service may affect our use of information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account ith us. Continued use of our website, or services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.


10. Privacy Policy. Company respects the privacy of others. Any information that you provide to Company through the Service is subject to Company's Privacy Policy which can be found at www.allegorylaw.com/privacy and is hereby incorporated by reference. Your use of the Service constitutes your consent to the collection and use of your personal information, as described in the Privacy Policy.


11. Termination. Company may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, or with or without notice, effective immediately. Such termination may result in the destruction of all information and data associated with your account. If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by sending Company an email to support@allegorylaw.com specifying your request and providing Company with your name and email address. If you terminate your account, your profile will be removed from the Service, however, deletion may not be immediate and Company may continue keeping your personal information in its records for billing purposes, audits and other administrative purposes.


12. Dispute Resolution. These Terms of Service shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may require the application of the law of another jurisdiction. If you believe that Company has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Company by e-mail at support@allegorylaw.com. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. If you and Company are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and Company will settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org).


13. Entire Terms. These Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site and Service. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word including means including without limitation. If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to Company is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other. These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Company’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Service shall be binding upon assignees.


14. Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2013, Allegory Law, Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site and Service are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.


15. Contact Information. Company welcomes your comments or questions regarding these Terms of Service. Please e-mail us at support@allegorylaw.com or contact us at the following address or phone number:


Allegory Law, Inc.12 East 49th Street8th FloorNew York, NY 100171 (800) 531-1742


These Terms of Use were last revised on August 7, 2013.









Follow @AllegoryLaw








Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Attributions


© 2016 Allegory Law, Inc. d/b/a Allegory Solutions.All Rights Reserved. Patent Pending.



 












Allegory - The Power to Win Any Case




































 

 






1 (800) 531-1742


Log In






Alma Asay
Founder & Chief Executive Officer





Alma Asay began her career at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, where her practice focused on complex commercial litigations, primarily in the fields of media, entertainment and technology. Alma managed and successfully litigated high profile cases, including cases that were part of Gibson Dunn's winning submissions in 2010 and 2012 for The American Lawyer’s "Litigation Department of the Year." She was the go-to second chair for Orin Snyder — named by Chambers USA as one of the six best lawyers in the country in the category of "Litigation: Business Trial Lawyers" — including on teams that successfully:


Defended IAC/InterActiveCorp in a trade secrets misappropriation action brought in the Southern District of New York that resulted dismissal of all trade secret claims on summary judgment, sit-up Ltd. v. IAC/InterActiveCorp and HSN International, 05 Civ. 9292, 2008 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 12017 (S.D.N.Y. Feb. 20, 2008), and resolution of the remaining claims through a favorable settlement.
Preliminarily enjoined The Weinstein Company on behalf of NBC Universal to preserve NBCU's rights to the hit reality competition television program, "Project Runway." NBC Universal, Inc. and Bravo Media LLC v. The Weinstein Company, LLC, Index No. 601011/08 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Sept. 25, 2008).
Secured, on behalf of Cablevision and AMC Networks, sanctions against DISH Network for destruction of evidence, and defended the trial court's decision on appeal, resulting in a precedential decision by the First Department setting the standard for pre-litigation preservation of evidence in New York. VOOM HD Holdings LLC v. EchoStar Satellite LLC, Index No. 600292/08, 2010 NY Slip Op 33764(U) (Sup. Ct. NY November 3, 2010), affirmed, — N.Y.S.2d —, 2012 WL 265833 (N.Y.A.D. 1 Dept. Jan. 31, 2012).



After her departure from Gibson Dunn, Alma was hired by Cablevision and AMC Networks to serve as co-counsel in their ongoing case against DISH Network, which went to trial in the Commercial Division of the New York Supreme Court in September 2012. Four weeks into trial, the case settled with DISH Network's agreement to pay $700 million and grant affiliation deals on favorable terms to AMC's television channels, including AMC, IFC, WE and Sundance.
Alma learned early in her career that case management — across the entire case — and outside-the-box thinking were critical to success. And yet, the best and most easily understood technologies available to litigators like her came down to a combination of Excel and shared drives. After spending years developing rudimentary, but successful, methods for managing and tracking knowledge within her team — and teaching other lawyers to do the same — Alma applied the same skills that made her a successful litigator to the task of developing a new technology specifically designed for litigators who want to succeed in their cases and deliver the best possible services to their clients.


Education
Alma earned her Juris Doctor in 2005 from New York University School of Law. In 2002, Alma graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology, with high distinction, from Pennsylvania State University, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.


Contact

alma@allegorylaw.com
                Skype: alma.asay
vCard
LinkedIn










Follow @AllegoryLaw








Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Attributions


© 2016 Allegory Law, Inc. d/b/a Allegory Solutions.All Rights Reserved. Patent Pending.



 












Allegory - The Power to Win Any Case




































 

 






1 (800) 531-1742


Log In





Attributions






Symbols from The Noun Project collection, attributed here.









Follow @AllegoryLaw








Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Attributions


© 2016 Allegory Law, Inc. d/b/a Allegory Solutions.All Rights Reserved. Patent Pending.



 











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	ALLEGORY Trademark of ALLEGORY LAW, INC.. Serial Number: 85575157 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
ALLEGORY










 
Get FREE email alerts













ALLEGORY  Trademark Information
 ALLEGORY LAW, INC.
Computer software for managing knowledge and documents relating to litigations
Software as a service (SAAS) services featuring software for managing knowledge and documents relating to litigations
Litigation support services




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
Personal & Legal & Social Services





Words that describe this mark
software   managing   knowledge   documents   relating   litigations    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ALLEGORY trademark by ALLEGORY LAW, INC. 
                                in BROOKLYN, NY, 11222.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ALLEGORY trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ALLEGORY LAW, INC. of the ALLEGORY trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ALLEGORY trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, March 20, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ALLEGORY by 
                        ALLEGORY LAW, INC., BROOKLYN, NY  11222.
                        The USPTO has given the ALLEGORY 
                        trademark serial  number of  85575157.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for ALLEGORY is 
                        
                        
                                            ALMA ASAY of 
                                            ALMA ASAY, ESQ.,  295 PARK AVE S APT PH-O, NEW YORK, NY 10010-4503 
                                .
                            The ALLEGORY trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                , 
                                    Personal & Legal & Social Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ALLEGORY 
                            is Computer software for managing knowledge and documents relating to litigations. 
                            





Word mark:
 ALLEGORY


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/31/2013



  Serial Number:  
85575157


  Filing Date:  
3/20/2012


 Registration Number:  
4457315 


 Registration Date:  
12/31/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Computer software for managing knowledge and documents relating to litigations


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/15/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

ALLEGORY LAW, INC.BROOKLYN, NY  11222
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ALMA ASAY
ALMA ASAY, ESQ.
295 PARK AVE S APT PH-O
NEW YORK, NY 10010-4503






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
1/11/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
1/11/2012




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/11/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
1/11/2012




Primary Class: 
 Class (045) - Legal services; security services for the protection of property and individuals; personal and social services rendered by others to meet the needs of individuals. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/11/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
1/11/2012





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ALLEGORY trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/31/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ALMA ASAY


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ALLEGORY trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search allegory on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ALLEGORY 




ALLEGORY is providing Computer software for managing knowledge and documents relating to litigations.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Allegory Law Inc 175 Varick St New York, NY Lawyers - MapQuest







































































































    Allegory Law Inc
  

175 Varick St

New York
NY
10014




 Reviews



(646) 201-0036
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Allegory Law, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:21 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Allegory Law, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Allegory Law, Inc., doing business as Allegory Solutions, provides software solutions for litigation markets. Its solution interconnects litigation knowledge, including case administration, evidence, witnesses, and case documents. The company’s solution is accessed from various mobile devices, desktops, and tablets. Allegory Law, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is based in New York, New York. It has locations in Chicago; Dallas; Los Angeles; Miami; Palo Alto; San Francisco; Toronto; and Washington, D.C.


175 Varick Street4th FloorNew York, NY 10014United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 646-201-0036

www.allegoryinfo.com







Key Executives for Allegory Law, Inc.




Ms. Alma Asay


      	Founder
      








Ms. Dana Colleen Peterson


      	Founder
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 11, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Allegory Law, Inc., please visit www.allegoryinfo.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



















Allegory Law, Inc. | Digital.NYC




















Skip to main content







































NYC's Hub for Tech and Startups








 



Search






 









You are hereHomeStartupsAllegory Law, Inc.
Allegory Law, Inc.




  Founded by a successful BigLaw litigator, Allegory is like a smartphone for litigation, built around the way litigation teams think and work.


 




Details



Website: 
http://allegorylaw.com 

Founded: 
2012 

Employees: 
  6          

Follow:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn 






Overview



    Allegory interconnects all of the critical knowledge that litigation teams must have at their fingertips in order to win a case.  We are first to market in an industry that is quickly reaching a tipping point, as more and more law firms are actively searching for a solution like Allegory.  Our clients include litigation boutiques, BigLaw firms (including some of the most prestigious in the world), companies and government agencies.  






Management







Founder and CEO
Alma Asay



 
 





Jobs



 

    Know of jobs at this company? List them!
  
Submit a new job now

Add a job* requiredSubmitted By
Your first name *



Your last name *



Your Email *



Job Details
Company Name 



Title *



Categories *
- Select -Account ManagementAccounting & FinanceAdmin & ClericalArts, Media & PublishingBanquet, Catering & EventsBusiness & StrategyConsultants & Freelance OpportunitiesCreative & DesignCustomer ServiceData ScienceEditorialEducationEngineeringExecutive ManagementFinanceFinance & DataFundraising & DevelopmentHealthcare & MedicineHR & Recruitinghuman resourcesLegalMarketingMarketing & PROperationsPart TimeProduct MarketingProject & Product ManagementReal Estate & ConstructionreceptionistResearch & MedicineRetailSalesSocial Media & CommunityTrading


Description *



Qualifications 



Image (URL) 



Website 



Please confirm that you are human



Post your job
By clicking the button above I state that I have read, understood, and accepted the Terms & Conditions.

× 















   




Don't see your Startup?
Get Listed

Get Listed
By adding your company profile to Digital.NYC your startup becomes an active part of the city’s official hub for technology.
Startup listings for Digital.NYC are powered by Gust.com, the world’s largest platform for startup funding. You can update your free profile at any time through the Gust dashboard or even take things a step further by using your profile to leverage all the benefits Gust has to offer.
Create a Profile
×






Weekly Insider's guide
A weekly guide to NYC's tech and startup world, and preview of upcoming events
Keep me updated


Stay up to speed!
Subscribe to Digital.NYC Weekly for NYC's tech & startup week in review, plus upcoming highlights.


Email Address 



First Name 



Last Name 




Subscribe
 
×




























 













 


