


	Allison Transmission Home









































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission





















Improve Your Fuel Economy With Advanced Shifting Technology
Learn How












Industry Leading.
Award Winning.
Experience the TC10®











Quickly compare Allison Automatics to AMTs
Do The Math












The Allison Transmission Mobile App is Now Available.
Learn More











UP TO 20% BETTER FUEL ECONOMY
READ MORE











How can Tractors get 5% better fuel economy?
Find Out How










View Applications






Transit + City Bus




Tractor




Construction




Distribution




Fire + Emergency




Refuse




Coach




Municipal + Service




School Bus




Agriculture




RV + Motorhome




Specialty




Mining




Energy




Port Services




Defense













		Allison TC10® to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt models this year
	








(?)




















 
            Fully automatic transmission for Class 8 tractors will be available from PACCAR later this year in the Kenworth T680 and T880, and Peterbilt 567 and 579.  
          
Full Story



Newsroom Media Resources






1
2
3





Sales + Service Locator Find an Allison authorized service facility near you.   Find a facility 


Allison + Odyne Learn more  


Hear why customers love us   Saddle Creek 







My Transmission Find the technical information and factory resources for your Allison transmission. Search My Transmission












Investor Relations





Current as of
Visit Investor Relations




















	Parts and Service







































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission














Home/ Parts + Service






Parts + Service  As the world leader in fully automatic transmissions, Allison Transmission offers our customers a global network of trained technicians at our Distributor and Dealer locations and Authorized locations to service and care for your Allison transmission.  With more than 1,400 Allison Authorized Distributor and Dealers across the world, the highest standard of quality care is there wherever you are, whenever you need it.  Simply put, Allison not only guarantees a reliable product – we promise a reliable group of people committed to caring for and maintaining your Allison transmission.






Tool + Diagnostics


FAQ/Service Tips


Global Service Information 


Using Authorized Services


Fluid + Filter Calculator


My Transmission


Approved Fluids


Remanufactured Transmissions


Genuine Parts









ToolS + Diagnostics Allison Transmission is dedicated to providing our customers and technicians with the latest technical information and resources. Learn more









(?)
























FAQs  Do you have Allison parts or service related questions? If so, view our frequently asked questions below to find the answer you are looking for.  Find an answer









(?)
























Global Service Information  As the premier provider of fully automatic transmissions, Allison Transmission is dedicated to providing the highest quality service and care for our customers around the world.  Learn more









(?)
























Using Authorized Services  Allison Authorized services encompass all of the care that you’ll need to keep your Allison transmission running smoothly and for as long as possible. Learn more









(?)
























Fluid + Filter Calculator Regular fluid and filter maintenance is the simplest thing you can do to ensure the performance and durability of your Allison fully automatic transmission. Calculate fluid intervals









(?)
























My Transmission Allison Transmission is committed to the highest level of service and care for your Allison fully automatic transmission. Search My Transmission









(?)
























Approved Fluids Learn why Allison Approved fluids are so important for your Allison transmission. View the approved list









(?)
























Remanufactured Transmissions Genuine Allison™ ReTran® transmissions are remanufactured from the ground up by approved factory-trained technicians at an Allison Transmission remanufacturing facility. The result is the nearest thing to a new Allison that is available.   Learn more









(?)
























Genuine Parts When you buy Allison Genuine Parts, you’re getting components made to fit and work within the exact specifications of your Allison transmission. The same standards for world-class quality that go into building our transmissions also go into manufacturing Allison Genuine Parts. Learn more









(?)











































	My Allison







































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission














Home/ My Allison






MY ALLISON Click on the appropriate description below so that we can provide you the information you need. Once you select who you are, we'll place a cookie on your browser so that you when you return, you'll only see the information relevant to you.






Customer


Supplier


Employee









Customer At Allison Transmission, we value our relationship with our customers. Provided below are links to important information to enhance your Allison experience and keep your Allison transmission on the road. I’m a customer









(?)
























Supplier Our suppliers are integral to our success. We want to provide you with all the information you need to ensure a good relationship with Allison Transmission. Below are links to essential supplier information and forms. I’m a supplier









(?)
























Employee Our top-notch employees are truly the backbone of Allison Transmission. Take advantage of the links below to find necessary information, company news and other important updates.  I’m an employee









(?)

























If you don't want to embed a cookie this time, please click here to view the basic My Allison page.



















	Transmissions




































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission



















Home/ Transmissions






Transmissions For more than 100 years, Allison Transmission has continuously discovered new ways to make work easier and more efficient. Believing our customers simply deserve the best, we design and build fully automatic transmissions that deliver premium performance with unrivaled reliability and durability.   Because of our commitment to quality, Allison is the world’s largest manufacturer of fully automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems for commercial-duty vehicles.    Our transmissions can be found at work in cities and rural areas all around the world in a wide variety of applications. From refuse and distribution to mining and school buses – if the job needs to get done, customers count on Allison.    To learn more about the superior features and benefits of Allison fully automatic transmissions (“Allison Automatics”), check out our many vocational applications and models – including our defense product line and hybrid technology products. Or if you’re ready to personally experience the smooth, uninterrupted shifting of Allison transmissions and want to find out more about how we can help increase your productivity, contact a local Allison representative today.










Vocational Applications
Hybrid
Models
Back to Top






Vocational Applications Allison Transmission introduced the world’s first fully automatic transmission for commercial vehicles nearly 70 years ago. Since that time, we have developed a global reputation as the leading manufacturer of high quality, reliable, medium- and heavy-duty automatic transmissions. Our success and global reach is driven by Allison’s commitment to providing the best transmission technology for your business. Rather than offer a few standard transmission options, we’ve created a series of transmissions that provide features and technology designed to deliver exceptional performance and efficiency in a variety of commercial vehicle applications. From the rugged terrain of an active construction site to the busy streets and highways of a city, Allison transmissions (“Allison Automatics”) are designed and built specifically to deliver superior results, even in the most challenging work conditions.   Find your application and explore how an Allison Automatic can bring extraordinary value to your company. 












TRANSIT + CITY BUS  Learn more












CONSTRUCTION  Learn More












REFUSE   Learn more












SPECIALTY
  Learn more 














COACH
  Learn more












TRACTOR
  Learn more












SCHOOL BUS
   Learn more












FIRE + EMERGENCY
   Learn more












DISTRIBUTION
  Learn more












MINING
  Learn more












AGRICULTURE   Learn more 














MUNICIPAL + SERVICES
   Learn more












DEFENSE
  Learn more












RV + MOTORHOME
  Learn more 














PORT SERVICES
  Learn more












ENERGY
  Learn more

















Hybrid Despite conventional wisdom, you shouldn’t have to give up power to gain great fuel economy. With an Allison fully automatic transmission, you get both. It begins with Allison’s Continuous Power Technology ™, which efficiently transfers power and torque from the engine to the drive wheels without interruption. This means Allison transmissions, equipped with our patented Torque Converter, accelerate faster and get more work done in less time than manual or automated manual transmissions (AMTs). Learn more







 Models From construction to distribution to transit to off highway applications – Allison fully automatic transmissions are designed and engineered to make you more productive, no matter your vocation.


   Highway Series Allison Highway Series automatic transmission are designed to meet all the horsepower needs of strictly on-highway vehicles that do not require a PTO operation.  Distribution Tractor     Rugged Duty Series  Allison Rugged Duty Series automatic transmissions are suited for any vehicle that operates on/off highway and requires PTO operation.   Municipal + Service Construction Port Services Refuse     Tractor Series  Allison Tractor Series offers fleets the uncompromising quality, reliability and durability of Allison fully automatic transmissions while increasing overall fuel economy to give distribution, short-haul and line-haul the best of both worlds.   Tractor     Bus Series  Allison Bus Series automatic transmissions are ideally suited for Federal Transit Authority (FTA) funded transit properties, FTA-like transit properties and tour coaches exceeding 33,000 lbs. GVW.  Coach Transit / City Bus     Emergency Vehicle Series Allison Emergency Vehicle Series offers a complete family of automatic transmissions to meet the special needs of fire and emergency vehicles.  Fire + Emergency     Military Series  Allison Military transmissions offer optimum performance, quality, reliability and durability suited for military vehicles.   Military     Motorhome Series  Allison Motorhome Series automatic transmissions are designed to provide enhanced performance and exceptional value to the motorhome market.   RV + Motorhome     Off Highway Allison Off Highway transmissions provide renowned quality, reliability and durability for vehicles operating off-road.   Agriculture Specialty Mining Energy Tractor Fire + Emergency Construction     Off Road Series  Allison Off Road Series provides technologically advanced, smaller, lighter, yet very robust automatic transmissions for articulated dumps, rigid dumps and other off-road applications.   Mining     Oil Field Series  Allison Oil Field Series automatic transmissions are the only Allison transmissions certified for well servicing rig propulsion and auxiliary power applications such as high pressure pumping and hoisting.  Energy     Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series Allison Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series automatic transmissions are ideally suited for school bus, shuttle bus and other select non-school applications.  School Bus     Specialty Series Allison Specialty Series automatic transmissions provide extended torque range, higher GVW capacity and advanced electronic controls to get the most performance out of higher horsepower engines, suited for military, tactical, combat and support vehicles.  Specialty Military     Truck RV Series Allison Truck RV Series automatic transmissions are specifically designed to provide more power and more performance for truck recreational vehicles.  RV + Motorhome   























	Sales + Service Locator







































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission














Home/ Sales + Service Locator





Sales + Service Locator Allison Authorized services encompass all of the care you need to keep your Allison transmission running smoothly. With nearly 1,500 Authorized Distributors and Dealers worldwide, Allison is committed to providing you with the best resources to care for your Allison transmission. To find an Allison facility near you, use the Sales + Service Locator below.


Choose a Country

Country
United States



Location
 


STATE
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




PROVINCE
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon




ISLAND
Guernsey
Jersey



STATE
  Update Location


Which service do you require?

ALL SERVICES
NEW TRANSMISSION SALES
MAINTENANCE
RETRAN® SALES
OVERHAUL
PARTS SALES
TRAINING
TCM REPROGRAMMING
EXPRESS LUBE ONLY
 
All Services  New Transmission Sales  Maintenance  Retran® Sales  Overhaul  Parts Sales  TCM Reprogramming  Training  Express Lube Only  


Maintenance
Location has been qualified to sell genuine Allison Transmission parts and ReTran® transmissions as well as perform minor service on easily accessible components and other work not requiring major internal disassembly.



 
 


Please input location + service
information above for results



Results
Allison ServiceExpress Lube 
RANGE
250 Miles
100 Miles
75 Miles
50 Miles
25 Miles
 

Location

Rudd Equipment Company
2655 Kentucky Avenue Indianapolis, IN 46221 
Email: email@domain.com
Website: test url
Phone: 371-247-9125
Fax: 317-248-0569
OEM: 


Services



Parts Sales
5000 Series, 6000 Series, 8000 Series, 9000 Series


Maintenance
5000 Series, 6000 Series, 8000 Series, 9000 Series




 Email location



Services



Parts Sales
5000 Series, 6000 Series, 8000 Series, 9000 Series






Capabilities



Facilities



Customer friendly facilities
Labor rates displayed and visible to customers









Customer friendly facilities    
Labor rates displayed and visible to customers    


Enrolled in the Essential Tool subscription program    
Service department has the lifting capability and related equipment to handle heavy duty vehicles 
Valve body test machine    
Transmission dynamometer    
Chassis dynamometer    


Trained service technician staff    
Parts counter personnel knowledgeable on Allison products 


Repair service fees are based on Flat Rate allowances 
Allison technician is always available    
Emergency service available 
24 hour phone access 
Field service available on Allison products    
Customer lounge area 
Access to Allison parts 24 hours a day 
Company information regarding Allison services is readily available on their website 
Allison Service literature and technical publications are readily available 
Complete documentation of all repairs    
Coach and Transit buses are easily accommodated 
Special provisions for Motor Home 


Guaranteed Uptime program for special customer requests 
Personalized customer maintenance contracts upon request 
Weekly updates to the Allison parts locator system 
Published customer training schedule 
Published dealer training schedule 
Personalized customer training available 
Customer feedback program - after repair surveys 
Repair financing terms available for transient customers 







 
 
 




Phone:


 

 

Fax:


 

 



View Services

Capabilities

Get Directions

 




 
 
 






 



 


 
 
 






 
Are you sure you want to choose this location?



YES 

 




 
 
 







No More Results to Show

If you are looking for a specific service or you are having difficulties finding a location, please contact us.
Email: locations@allisontransmission.com
Phone: (+1) 765-288-1971






 
 
 
 



 

 


 
 




Email: 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Website:
View Services Capabilities View on Map

 





Sales & Service Locator




Location Menu
 









 



0
01134-00403
DLR
0



1

 


Rudd Equipment Company
Allison Dealer

2655 Kentucky Avenue
Indianapolis, IN 46221

Email: email@domain.com
Phone: 371-247-9125
Fax: 317-248-0569
View on Map

 



1
01134-00525
DLR
0



2

 


Kenworth of Indianapolis, Inc.
Allison Dealer

2929 South Holt Road
Indianapolis, IN 46241

Email: email@domain.com
Phone: 317-247-8421
Fax: 317-241-5742
View on Map

 



1
01134-00525
DLR
0



2

 


Kenworth of Indianapolis, Inc.
Allison Dealer

2929 South Holt Road
Indianapolis, IN 46241

Email: email@domain.com
Phone: 317-247-8421
Fax: 317-241-5742
View on Map

 



1
01134-00525
DLR
0



2

 


Kenworth of Indianapolis, Inc.
Allison Dealer

2929 South Holt Road
Indianapolis, IN 46241

Email: email@domain.com
Phone: 317-247-8421
Fax: 317-241-5742
View on Map

 




No More Results to Show

    If you are looking for a specific service or you are having difficulties finding a location, please contact us.
    Email: locations@allisontransmission.com
    Phone: (+1) 765-288-1971
    



Load more results...

No More Results to Show

If you are looking for a specific service or you are having difficulties finding a location, please contact us.
Email: locations@allisontransmission.com
Phone: (+1) 765-288-1971








16 results found




 





 

 


 





Directions
 
 
 



 
 


4.9 mi, 13 min driving
16 min with traffic 
view route based on traffic



A

near 978 Gardengate Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46202








Depart Gardengate Pl toward Gardenbrook Circle






428 ft

Road name changes to Gardenbrook Circle






0.1 mi

Turn left onto Fayette St, and then immediately turn right onto W St Clair St






380 ft

Turn left onto N Dr Martin Luther King Jr St






0.2 mi

Keep straight onto N West St






0.6 mi

Road name changes to S West St






0.4 mi

Turn right onto S Kentucky Ave






0.9 mi

Bear right onto W Morris St






0.5 mi

Turn left onto S Harding St






0.5 mi

Bear right onto S Kentucky Ave





1.5 mi

Arrive at S Kentucky Ave on the left

The last intersection is S Warman AveIf you reach W Mooresville Rd, you've gone too far






B

near 2623 S Kentucky Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46221




 

These directions are subject to the Microsoft® Service Agreement and for informational purposes only. No guarantee is made regarding their completeness or accuracy. Construction projects, traffic, or other events may cause actual conditions to differ from these results. Map and traffic data © 2013 NAVTEQ™.



Print directions



 
Location
 
Directions
 
 
















AddressPlaceholder_Address
AllisonDealerText_Allison Dealer
AllisonDirectDealerText_Allison  Direct Dealer
AllisonDistributorBranchText_Allison Distributor Branch
AllisonDistributorText_Allison Distributor
AllisonExpressLubeText_Allison Express Lube Dealer
AllisonTabText_Allison Service
AllServicesText_All Services
CapabilitiesChartHeading_Capabilities
CapabilitiesMessage1_This location does not have any capabilities listed.
CapabilitiesMessage2_No Capabilities to show due to an error.
CapabilityDescription1_Customer friendly facilities
CapabilityDescription1Hover_Customer friendly' means that vehicles can be easily accommodated on the premises; directions to service or parts department are displayed and readily apparent; service work is performed indoors and out of the weather; and a convenient customer lounge is available.
CapabilityDescription2_Labor rates displayed and visible to customers
CapabilityDescription2Hover_The public display of labor rates usually assures the customer of the most competitive rate available.
ChooseCountryHeader_Choose A Country
CityPlaceholder_City
CountryPlaceholder_Country
CurtainArrowMessage_Please input location + service
information above for results
DirectionsHeader_Directions
EmailError_ERROR Sending Email -- Please try again later.
EmailHeader_The Allison Transmission location information you requested is attached below.
EmailPlaceholder_Enter Email Address
EmailSubject_Your Requested Allison Transmission Location Information
EmailSuccess_Email sent to
EmailValidationError_Please enter your email address.
EndOfRoadHeader_No More Results to Show
EndOfRoadMessage_If you are looking for a specific service or you are having difficulties finding a location, please contact us.Email: locations@allisontransmission.com
Phone: (+1) 765-288-1971
EquipmentDescription1_Enrolled in the Essential Tool subscription program
EquipmentDescription1Hover_The Allison outlet's participation  in the Essential Tool program assures the customer that the latest diagnostic tools and techniques are available and that the outlet is equipped to perform expeditious repairs.
EquipmentDescription2_Service department has the lifting capability and related equipment to handle heavy duty vehicles
EquipmentDescription3_Valve body test machine
EquipmentDescription3Hover_Applicable to only AT500, MT600 and HT700 series transmissions. This device allows critical adjustments to be made without requiring repeated road tests and transmission oil pan removal.
EquipmentDescription4_Transmission dynamometer
EquipmentDescription4Hover_The transmission can be tested before it is installed in your vehicle.
EquipmentDescription5_Chassis dynamometer
EquipmentDescription5Hover_Transmission and vehicle performance can be tested without road tests
ExpressLubeOnlyText_Express Lube Only
ExpressLubeTabText_Express Lube
FaxText_Fax:
GetDirectionsButton_Get Directions
IslandPlaceholder_Island
LocationEntryHeading_Location
LocationHeading_Location
MaintenanceText_Maintenance
MessageNotFound_We could not find a location based on your search criteria
ModalEmailButton_Email Location Information
MultipleLocationsConfirmation_Are you sure you want to choose this location?
MultipleLocationsConfirmYES_YES
MultipleLocationsMessage1_The address you supplied could not be found as you have entered it.
MultipleLocationsMessage2_Please identify your location by choosing one of the addresses listed below or by entering a new address.
NewTransText_New Transmission Sales
OEMLabel_OEM: 
OverhaulText_Overhaul
PartsSalesText_Parts Sales
PeopleDescription1_Trained service technician staff
PeopleDescription1Hover_Trained technical staff means that at least 80% of the Allison service technicians have received factory accredited training on the Allison products the outlet is authorized to represent.
PeopleDescription2_Parts counter personnel knowledgeable on Allison products
PhoneText_Phone:
PostalCodePlaceholder_Postal Code
ProvincePlaceholder_Province
RangePlaceholder_Range
RestOfWorldSearchError_We encountered an error while searching for locations that meet your search criteria
ResultsFoundText_results found
ResultsHeader_Results
RetranText_ReTran®
ServiceDescriptionHeader_Maintenance
ServiceDescriptionMessage_Location has been qualified to sell genuine Allison Transmission parts and ReTran® transmissions as well as perform minor service on easily accessible components and other work not requiring major internal disassembly.
ServicesChartHeading_Services
ServicesDescription1_Repair service fees are based on Flat Rate allowances
ServicesDescription10_Complete documentation of all repairs
ServicesDescription10Hover_Complete documentation means a written repair order containing a precise description of the reason for the repair as well as a complete list of the labor operations used to complete the repair; and a list of all parts used in the repair.   If any non-genuine Allison parts are used they must be clearly indicated as such on the repair order.
ServicesDescription11_Coach and Transit buses are easily accommodated
ServicesDescription12_Special provisions for Motor Homes
ServicesDescription2_An Allison technician is always available
ServicesDescription2Hover_You don't have to wait for the next shift or the next day to have a capable technician work on your vehicle.
ServicesDescription3_Emergency service available
ServicesDescription4_24 hour phone access
ServicesDescription5_Field service available on Allison products
ServicesDescription5Hover_If your equipment can't make it to the service facility, they will send a technician to the equipment location.
ServicesDescription6_Customer lounge area
ServicesDescription7_Access to Allison parts 24 hours a day
ServicesDescription8_Company information regarding Allison services is readily available on their website
ServicesDescription9_Allison Service literature and technical publications are readily available
ServicesHeader_Which Service Do You Require?
SpecialDescription1_Guaranteed Uptime program for special customer requests
SpecialDescription2_Personalized customer maintenance contracts upon request
SpecialDescription3_Weekly updates to the Allison parts locator system
SpecialDescription4_Published customer training schedule
SpecialDescription5_Published dealer training schedule
SpecialDescription6_Personalized customer training available
SpecialDescription7_Customer feedback program - after repair surveys
SpecialDescription8_Repair financing terms available for transient customers
StartNewSearchText_Start a new search
StatePlaceholder_State
TrainingText_Training
UpdateLocationButtonText_Update Location
ViewCapabilitiesButton_Capabilities
ViewServicesButton_View Services
WebsiteText_Website
ZipCodePlaceholder_Zip Code
FormValidationMessage_You must select a
AllServicesDescription_Allison authorized facilities provide the widest range of service and care for your Allison transmission, including service, repair and sales of new transmissions. Authorized facilities employ technicians with the highest level of product knowledge, meaning you get top-tier service for your Allison.  
NewTransmissionSalesDescription_Location specializes in selling and servicing Allison products in a variety of applications from earth-moving equipment to highway trucks. Facility has experienced service personnel and parts stock to handle all your Allison service requirements.
MaintenanceDescription_Location has been qualified to sell Allison Genuine Parts and ReTran® transmissions as well as perform minor service on easily accessible components and other work not requiring major internal disassembly.
ReTranDescription_Location sells and services ReTran® products including installation and minor service procedures not requiring major internal disassembly.
OverhaulDescription_Location has been qualified to sell Allison Genuine Parts and ReTran® transmissions as well as perform maintenance and overhaul services on designated Allison models.
PartsSalesDescription_Location has been qualified to sell Allison Genuine Parts.
TrainingDescription_Location has factory accredited Allison instructors and facilities available to provide high quality technical training regarding the maintenance, overhaul and use of Allison products.
ExpressLubeDescription_Allison Express Lube facilities offer the highest quality complete fluid and filter changes for your Allison-equipped vehicle and are supported by Allison Distributor facilities.
SalesAndServiceCenterText_Sales and Service Center
RepresentativeOfficeLocationText _Representative Office Location






















	Careers







































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission














Home/ Careers






CAREERS JOIN THE TEAM THAT’S POWERING PROGRESS Building cities. Driving commerce. Saving lives. For nearly 100 years, Allison Transmission has powered the vehicles and technology that move our world forward. 
What powers us? Our employees. From the first person hired by James Allison in 1915 to the thousands across the globe who work for Allison today, we’re driving progress everywhere because we employ top talent worldwide. 
If you are interested in driving your career forward, check out our career tracks below.






Job Search


Manufacturing


Professional


Technical


Students









Job Search Search for available management, professional, technical and engineering positions.   Find your potential









(?)
























Manufacturing The Manufacturing organization can be seen all throughout Allison, and all over the world. Whether you’re on the shop floor, driving a truck carrying Allison transmissions on the highway or on the phone ordering supplies for your distribution center, you’re a part of Manufacturing.   Find your potential









(?)
























Professional Whether you’re a numbers person, a salesperson or a talented communicator, Allison has a number of professional career tracks offering great job opportunities. Find your potential









(?)
























Technical + Engineering As an engineer, a technician or a graphic designer, you’ll be part of a group of top-tier individuals who are as passionate about their work as they are the company they work for. Find your potential









(?)
























Students Allison Transmission’s Student Program provides students with the opportunity to engage in real-world work experiences, hands-on learning opportunities and professional and educational growth. Find your potential









(?)













































	Suppliers







































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission














Home/ Suppliers






Suppliers  Allison Transmission is renowned for being the largest designer, developer, manufacturer and distributor of medium- and heavy-duty fully automatic transmissions (“Allison Automatics”) and hybrid propulsion systems in the world. We work diligently with our suppliers to acquire the highest quality components necessary to build our Allison Automatics. Whether you’re a current supplier of Allison or a company looking to do business with Allison, this website will outline our process and the procedures for working with us as a valued supplier partner. 






Accounts Payable


Supplier Forms


Supplier Hub


DOING BUSINESS WITH ALLISON









Accounts Payable As an Allison Transmission Supplier, you will be assigned a supplier account for billing purposes. Your supplier account will be based on an Allison vendor code. Learn more









(?)
























Supplier forms Allison Transmission provides important information and documents to assist you through the processes and procedures for working with us as a valued supplier partner. Learn more









(?)
























Supplier Hub For current Allison Transmission suppliers, this is your portal to find important information, tools, updates and access to the iPAPP Portal, SRM Portal, Supplier Quality Portal and Allison Supplier login. Supplier Hub









(?)
























Doing business with Allison Allison Transmission works with approved suppliers to acquire the highest quality components necessary to build our Allison Automatics. Learn more









(?)













































Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Dana Pittard, Allison Transmission Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Dana "Dana" Pittard

VP:Defense Products,
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc






Career History




VP:Defense Products
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc, 1/2016-PRESENT


Deputy VP:Defense Programs
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc, 10/2015-1/2016









Website:
www.allisontransmission.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1 Allison Way
Indianapolis, IN 46222-3271
United States


Phone:
1-317-242-5000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.allisontransmission.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:51 PM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells commercial and defense fully-automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, and medium- and heavy-tactical U.S. defense vehicles. It offers 13 transmission product lines with approximately 100 product models for various applications, including distribution, refuse, construction, fire, and emergency on-highway trucks; school, transit, and hybrid-transit buses; motor homes; energy, mining, and construction off-highway vehicles and equipment; and wheeled and tracked defense vehicles. The company markets its transmissions under Allison Transmission brand name; and remanu...
Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells commercial and defense fully-automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, and medium- and heavy-tactical U.S. defense vehicles. It offers 13 transmission product lines with approximately 100 product models for various applications, including distribution, refuse, construction, fire, and emergency on-highway trucks; school, transit, and hybrid-transit buses; motor homes; energy, mining, and construction off-highway vehicles and equipment; and wheeled and tracked defense vehicles. The company markets its transmissions under Allison Transmission brand name; and remanufactured transmissions under ReTran brand name. It also sells branded replacement parts, support equipment, and other products necessary to service the installed base of vehicles utilizing its transmissions, as well as defense kits, engineering services, and extended transmission coverage services to various original equipment manufacturers, distributors, and the U.S. government. The company serves customers through an independent network of approximately 1,400 independent distributor and dealer locations worldwide. The company was formerly known as Clutch Holdings, Inc. Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Detailed Description


One Allison WayIndianapolis, IN 46222United StatesFounded in 19152,600 Employees



Phone: 317-242-5000

www.allisontransmission.com







Key Executives for Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Lawrence E. Dewey


      	Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 61
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.3M








Mr. David S. Graziosi


      	President, CFO & Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 51
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.1M








Mr. Michael A. Dick


      	Senior Vice President of Operations and Purchasing
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $350.0K








Mr. Randall R. Kirk


      	Senior Vice President of Product Engineering & Product Teams
      


Age: 61
        

Total Annual Compensation: $375.0K








Mr. John M. Coll


      	Senior Vice President of Global Marketing, Sales and Service
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $87.5K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

Allison Transmission Announces Promotion of Executives
Jul 17 17
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. announced the promotion of G. Frederick Bohley, Vice President of Finance, to the additional role of Treasurer, where he will be responsible for the company's relationships with commercial bankers, senior secured credit facility lenders and revolver participants, debt investors and credit rating agencies. Allison also announced the appointment of Raymond Posadas as Director of Investor Relations, reporting to Fred Bohley. In this position, he will lead Allison's Investor Relations program and will be responsible for relationships with the sell-side analyst community and the company's shareholders.


Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Declares Dividend for the Second Quarter of 2017, Payable on May 26, 2017
May 11 17
Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. announced  that its board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.15 per share on the company's common stock for the second quarter of 2017. Payment will be made on May 26, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 22, 2017.


Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Presents at Deutsche Bank 8th Annual Global Industrials and Materials Summit, Jun-07-2017
Apr 29 17
Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Presents at Deutsche Bank 8th Annual Global Industrials and Materials Summit, Jun-07-2017 . Venue: The Westin Chicago River North, 320 North Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60654, United States. Speakers: David S. Graziosi, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary, Fred Bohley, VP, Finance.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 +Vantage Corporation United States 101 Imports, Inc. United States 21st Century Energy, Inc. United States 360 Yield Center, LLC United States 3DEO, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Buyback

			      November 16, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., please visit www.allisontransmission.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































ALSN stock quote - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Common Stock price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    ALSN















Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Common Stock Quote & Summary Data 


ALSN 
$37.1
*  
0.06

0.16%
Get ALSN Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 25, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading ALSN now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
Industry: Capital Goods 
Community Rating:  



















ALSN





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target
43.5




                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 37.49 / $ 36.97




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





1,599,632





                                        90 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




1,409,093




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 37.16




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 40.02 / $ 26.74
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 5,639,782,025 




                                            P/E Ratio
                                            


                                                    "P/E Ratio" is a statistic calculated by dividing the price of a stock by the reported actual earnings per share of the issuing firm (not the same as the projected P/E ratio); it is also called the "multiple".
                                                




24.57




                                        Forward P/E(1y)
                                            


                                                        A widely used stock evaluation measure. For a security, the Price/Earnings Ratio is given by dividing the Last Sale Price by the Average EPS (Earnings Per Share) Estimate for the specified fiscal time period. The forward P/E refers to the value for the next full year. 
                                                    




20.53




                                            Earnings Per Share (EPS)
                                            


	                                                    The EPS listed on our infoquote and Summary Quote page is "12-mos Rolling". EPS represents the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Net income (reported or estimated) for a period of time is divided by the total number of shares outstanding (TSO) during that period; See growth rate measures for EPS. Our vendor's methodology for the EPS on the infoquote and Summary Quote pages follows the EPS used by the majority of the analysts following the stock, in many cases this is EBITDA EPS. 
	                                                




$ 1.51


Annualized dividend
$ .60




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




5/18/2017


Dividend Payment Date
5/26/2017




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




1.62 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




1.48






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













Company Description (as filed with the SEC)
Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Allison," the
"Company" or "we") design and manufacture commercial and defense fully-automatic
transmissions. The business was founded in 1915 and has been headquartered in
Indianapolis, Indiana since inception. Allison was an operating unit of General
Motors Corporation ("Old GM") from 1929 until 2007, when Allison once again
became a stand-alone company. In March 2012, Allison began trading on the New
York Stock Exchange under the symbol, "ALSN".

We have approximately 2,600 employees and 13 different transmission product
lines. Although approximately 78% of revenues were generated in North America in
2016, we have a global presence by serving customers in Europe, Asia, South
America and Africa. We serve customers through an independent network of
approximately 1,400 independent distributor and dealer locations worldwide.  ... More ...  




Risk Grade

			        Where does ALSN fit in the risk graph?
				
































News for ALSN









                        General Motors (GM) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Revenues Miss
                    

7/25/2017 11:07:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Autoliv's (ALV) Q2 Earnings and Revenues Miss Estimates
                    

7/24/2017 10:29:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Copart on Firmer Footing With Candia-West Warren Expansion
                    

7/19/2017 9:20:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Thor's Motor Coach Unit to Expand Motorhome Sites in Indiana
                    

7/18/2017 5:59:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Harley-Davidson (HOG) Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates, Fall Y/Y
                    

7/18/2017 12:04:00 PM - Zacks.com




 Subscribe


                More ALSN News & Commentary



                Read ALSN Press Releases





















Consensus Recommendation


















Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$1.63


Quarterly EPS Est:
0.47


PEG Ratio:
1.87


Mean Recommendation:
2.31




            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































ALSN Stock Price - Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.71


0.29


0.01%











Gold

1,252.20


-6.30


-0.50%











Oil

48.33


0.44


0.92%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








11:04p

Updated
Does your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that



11:03p

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank



11:03p

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



11:03p

Updated
What everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s ad hoc approach to meetings



10:13p

One version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote



9:28p

Updated
George Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF



8:40p

John McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful



8:20p

Updated
PayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?



7:47p

Updated
AMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip



7:39p

AMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ALSN


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



ALSN
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Allison Transmission Holdings Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateALSNAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
37.10



0.00
0.00%



After Hours Volume:
15.4K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$37.10
-0.06
-0.16%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




111.3% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    1.6M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 1.4M
            





Open: 37.41
Close: 37.10



36.9700
Day Low/High
37.4900





Day Range



26.7400
52 Week Low/High
40.0200


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$37.41



Day Range
36.9700 - 37.4900



52 Week Range
26.7400 - 40.0200



Market Cap
$5.65B



Shares Outstanding
152.02M



Public Float
151.28M



Beta
0.98



Rev. per Employee
$721.96K



P/E Ratio
24.57



EPS
$1.51



Yield
1.62%



Dividend
$0.15



Ex-Dividend Date
May 18, 2017



Short Interest
6.41M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
4.23%



Average Volume
1.42M




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.38%







1 Month


-0.38%







3 Month


0.43%







YTD


10.12%







1 Year


23.17%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Allison Transmission upgraded to buy from neutral at Citigroup


Jan. 24, 2017 at 9:40 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission downgraded to underweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray


Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:26 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan


Dec. 9, 2016 at 8:19 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission sets new $1 billion stock buyback program


Nov. 16, 2016 at 8:42 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission sets new stock buyback program for up to $1 bln


Nov. 16, 2016 at 8:33 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









GM to return to U.S. medium-truck market


Jun. 14, 2015 at 6:50 p.m. ET









Hedge fund ValueAct Holdings trims its stake in CBRE Group


Nov. 7, 2014 at 1:41 p.m. ET
by Meena Krishnamsetty









IPO scorecard: Update on selected offering


Jun. 8, 2012 at 2:18 p.m. ET










Stocks to watch Wednesday: Cintas, Hercules, USG

Mar. 21, 2012 at 6:43 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch









Three IPOs show pricing still improving in U.S.


Mar. 15, 2012 at 1:04 p.m. ET









Three IPOs show strong pricing in U.S. market


Mar. 15, 2012 at 12:26 p.m. ET













Activist Elliott Management  Weighs Athenahealth
Plus, investors’ interest in Allison Transmission and Cheniere Energy Partners 

May. 26, 2017 at 10:58 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Tribune Media: Picture Is Getting Sharper


Mar. 4, 2017 at 3:34 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Allison Transmission’s Shares Could Rev Up


Nov. 5, 2016 at 1:35 a.m. ET
on Barron's










CFO Moves: Allison Transmission, Opthotech

Jan. 5, 2016 at 5:11 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Oshkosh Wins $6.75 Billion Military Contract to Replace Humvee

Aug. 25, 2015 at 7:57 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










GM to Return to U.S. Medium-Truck Market

Jun. 14, 2015 at 6:42 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Wally Weitz Catches Falling Energy Stocks


Jan. 21, 2015 at 11:53 p.m. ET
on Barron's









Carlyle Reaps $1.1 Billion in Recent Surge of Stock Sales


Jun. 6, 2014 at 7:06 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Private-Equity Firms Notch Up Gains but Face Investing Challenges


Feb. 20, 2014 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Carlyle Group Is Set to Harvest Gains


Nov. 16, 2013 at 4:13 a.m. ET
on Barron's









PE Earnings Season is Over; Here Is What You Need to Know


Nov. 8, 2013 at 5:52 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: EBay, SanDisk, Theravance


Apr. 18, 2013 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Berry Plastics to Hit the IPO Road


Sep. 18, 2012 at 5:56 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Trio of Deals Show IPO Strength


Mar. 15, 2012 at 4:25 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






General Motors (GM) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Revenues Miss
General Motors (GM) suffers as sales decline in GM North America and GM International Operations. 

Jul. 25, 2017 at 11:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Autoliv's (ALV) Q2 Earnings and Revenues Miss Estimates
Declining sales in Passive Safety and Electronics segments affect Autoliv's (ALV) results.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 10:29 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Copart on Firmer Footing With Candia-West Warren Expansion  
Copart Inc. (CPRT) develops Candia and West Warren auto auction sites to cater better services to its customers across NH and MA.

Jul. 19, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Thor's Motor Coach Unit to Expand Motorhome Sites in Indiana
Plans to expand RV production facility in Indiana, presence of Class A and C models in product-portfolio and a new workforce may boost Thor Industries' (THO) business this summer.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 5:59 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Harley-Davidson (HOG) Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates, Fall Y/Y
Harley-Davidson's (HOG) Q2 results show revenue decline due to lower shipments and challenging market conditions.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 12:04 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





BorgWarner Inks Deal to Acquire Sevcon for Around $200M
For BorgWarner (BWA), the acquisition of Sevcon is likely to be accretive as it supports the strategy of supplying necessary technology for all types of propulsion systems.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 9:18 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





General Motors, Uber Tie Up to Expand Maven Gig in Sydney
General Motors Company (GM) is trying to adopt Maven Gig in Sydney through a pilot program. 

Jul. 17, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Magna (MGA) Wins Contract to Manufacture Jaguar E-PACE Car
Magna International Inc. (MGA) has announced that it has received a contract to produce Jaguar Land Rover's E-PACE at its manufacturing facility in Graz, Austria.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 7:50 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Honda Recalls 1.2M Accord Due to Battery Sensors Issues
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (HMC) has decided to recall 1.2 million Accord midsize cars, according to a Bloomberg report. 

Jul. 14, 2017 at 8:13 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Lithia Motors (LAD) Declares Preliminary Results for Q2
Lithia Motors Inc. (LAD) has announced preliminary results for the second quarter, ended Jun 30 2017

Jul. 13, 2017 at 8:51 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Cummins (CMI) Declares Hike in Quarterly Stock Dividend 
Cummins Inc. (CMI) announced that its board has approved an increase in its quarterly cash dividend on common stock to $1.08 per share from the earlier payout of $1.025 per share.

Jul. 12, 2017 at 10:19 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





BorgWarner Charges Up Honda's Engine with Turbochargers 
BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) announced that it has supplied wastegate turbochargers for Honda's (HMC) new three-cylinder 1.0-liter gasoline direct-injected engine

Jul. 12, 2017 at 8:40 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





AutoZone (AZO) Hit by Capital and Operating Expenses
We updated our research report on AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) on Jul 10.

Jul. 11, 2017 at 10:13 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Volkswagen's Porsche Being Probed by German Prosecutors
Porsche, a brand of Volkswagen AG (VLKAY), is encountering an official probe by German prosecutors, per Bloomberg news.

Jul. 11, 2017 at 9:26 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Toyota (TM) Opens its North American Headquarters in Texas
Toyota Motor Corp Ltd.'s (TM) holding company, Toyota Motor North America Inc., has formally launched its new North American headquarters in Plano, TX.

Jul. 10, 2017 at 8:50 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Tesla Inc. Secures Big Battery Contract in Australia
Tesla Inc. Secures Big Battery Contract in Australia

Jul. 10, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





New Strong Buy Stocks for July 10th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) List for Monday

Jul. 10, 2017 at 9:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Daimler & BAIC Motor to Invest in Electric Vehicles in China
Daimler AG (DDAIF) and Chinese joint venture partner, BAIC Motor Corporation, have reached an agreement to jointly invest $735 million for the production of battery electric vehicles in China by 2020.

Jul. 10, 2017 at 8:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Tesla (TSLA) Secures Big Battery Contract in Australia
Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) has grabbed an Australian contract for installing the world's biggest grid-scale battery. 

Jul. 10, 2017 at 7:42 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Group 1 Automotive Buys Beadles, Gets a Dozen Dealerships
Group 1 Automotive Inc. (GPI) has announced acquisition of Beadles Group Ltd., a UK-based automotive retailer.

Jul. 7, 2017 at 9:12 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com









Allison Transmission announces promotion of G. Frederick Bohley to Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
Allison Transmission announces promotion of G. Frederick Bohley to Vice President, Finance and Treasurer

Jul. 17, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission schedules second quarter 2017 earnings conference call
Allison Transmission schedules second quarter 2017 earnings conference call

Jul. 12, 2017 at 5:06 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 
      Announces Closing of the Eagle Ford Acquisition, Borrowing Base Increase 
      to $650 Million, and Election of Board Members
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 
      Announces Closing of the Eagle Ford Acquisition, Borrowing Base Increase 
      to $650 Million, and Election of Board Members

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Initiating Research Reports on Consumer Goods Equities -- Tata Motors, Allison Transmission, Honda Motor, and Ferrari
Initiating Research Reports on Consumer Goods Equities -- Tata Motors, Allison Transmission, Honda Motor, and Ferrari

Jun. 7, 2017 at 6:40 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission declares quarterly dividend
Allison Transmission declares quarterly dividend

May. 11, 2017 at 4:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Post Earnings Coverage as Allison Transmission's Earnings Soared 86%; Revenue Jumped 8%
Post Earnings Coverage as Allison Transmission's Earnings Soared 86%; Revenue Jumped 8%

May. 4, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Blue Bird First to Offer School Buses with Allison Transmission’s 
      FuelSense® 2.0
Blue Bird First to Offer School Buses with Allison Transmission’s 
      FuelSense® 2.0

May. 1, 2017 at 3:35 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Allison Transmission to present at Oppenheimer Annual Industrial Growth Conference
Allison Transmission to present at Oppenheimer Annual Industrial Growth Conference

Apr. 27, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission Announces First Quarter 2017 Results


Apr. 26, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Blog Coverage Allison Transmission Holdings and China National Heavy Duty Truck Group Explore Strategic Partnership


Apr. 20, 2017 at 8:17 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Consumer Goods Stocks Under Scanner -- Tata Motors, Allison Transmission, Honda Motor, and Ferrari


Apr. 19, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission and China National Heavy Duty Truck Group Corp. to evaluate strategic partnership


Apr. 19, 2017 at 2:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission schedules first quarter 2017 earnings conference call


Apr. 12, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison TC10® to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt models this year


Mar. 23, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission announces FuelSense® 2.0 with DynActive™ Shifting


Mar. 14, 2017 at 12:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Technical Reports on Consumer Goods Equities -- Allison Transmission, Tata Motors, Honda Motor, and Ferrari


Mar. 14, 2017 at 7:12 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission to present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Industrials & EU Autos Conference


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission Declares Quarterly Dividend and Announces 2017 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and Record Date


Feb. 23, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Post Earnings Coverage as Allison Earnings Soared Approximately 371%


Feb. 23, 2017 at 8:16 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Independent testing proves Allison 2500 transmission delivers 5 percent better fuel economy than Eaton Procision®


Feb. 22, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Allison Transmission Holdings Inc.


            
            Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. engages in the designing and manufacturing of transmissions for commercial and tactical vehicles, as well as hybrid-propulsion systems for transit buses, through its subsidiaries. It operates through a single segment, Manufacture and Distribution of Fully-Automatic Transmissions. The company was founded on June 22, 2007 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, IN.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 15
Full Ratings 





Allison Transmission Performing In Top Gear Despite Bumpy Road Ahead


Sep. 30, 2016 at 12:55 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Deutsche Bank Initiates Coverage On 17 U.S. Machinery Stocks


Sep. 7, 2016 at 3:44 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Class 8 Truck Data Good News For Allison, Negative for Cummins, PACCAR, Navistar, WABCO


Jun. 20, 2016 at 8:20 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Sypris Solutions Inc.
0.00%
$35.95M


Spartan Motors Inc.
1.14%
$309.13M


Navistar International Corp.
2.86%
$2.92B


Honeywell International Inc.
-0.33%
$104.98B


Thor Industries Inc.
1.64%
$5.54B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








AKS

12.44%








X

2.69%








DWT

-9.52%








IRBT

-2.74%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




11:51 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:03pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s ad hoc approach to meetings
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




11:51 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:03pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s ad hoc approach to meetings
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




11:51 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:03pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s ad hoc approach to meetings
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































ALSN Stock Price - Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.71


0.29


0.01%











Gold

1,252.20


-6.30


-0.50%











Oil

48.33


0.44


0.92%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








11:04p

Updated
Does your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that



11:03p

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank



11:03p

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



11:03p

Updated
What everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s ad hoc approach to meetings



10:13p

One version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote



9:28p

Updated
George Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF



8:40p

John McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful



8:20p

Updated
PayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?



7:47p

Updated
AMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip



7:39p

AMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ALSN


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



ALSN
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Allison Transmission Holdings Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateALSNAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
37.10



0.00
0.00%



After Hours Volume:
15.4K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$37.10
-0.06
-0.16%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




111.3% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    1.6M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 1.4M
            





Open: 37.41
Close: 37.10



36.9700
Day Low/High
37.4900





Day Range



26.7400
52 Week Low/High
40.0200


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$37.41



Day Range
36.9700 - 37.4900



52 Week Range
26.7400 - 40.0200



Market Cap
$5.65B



Shares Outstanding
152.02M



Public Float
151.28M



Beta
0.98



Rev. per Employee
$721.96K



P/E Ratio
24.57



EPS
$1.51



Yield
1.62%



Dividend
$0.15



Ex-Dividend Date
May 18, 2017



Short Interest
6.41M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
4.23%



Average Volume
1.42M




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.38%







1 Month


-0.38%







3 Month


0.43%







YTD


10.12%







1 Year


23.17%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Allison Transmission upgraded to buy from neutral at Citigroup


Jan. 24, 2017 at 9:40 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission downgraded to underweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray


Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:26 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan


Dec. 9, 2016 at 8:19 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission sets new $1 billion stock buyback program


Nov. 16, 2016 at 8:42 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Allison Transmission sets new stock buyback program for up to $1 bln


Nov. 16, 2016 at 8:33 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









GM to return to U.S. medium-truck market


Jun. 14, 2015 at 6:50 p.m. ET









Hedge fund ValueAct Holdings trims its stake in CBRE Group


Nov. 7, 2014 at 1:41 p.m. ET
by Meena Krishnamsetty









IPO scorecard: Update on selected offering


Jun. 8, 2012 at 2:18 p.m. ET










Stocks to watch Wednesday: Cintas, Hercules, USG

Mar. 21, 2012 at 6:43 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch









Three IPOs show pricing still improving in U.S.


Mar. 15, 2012 at 1:04 p.m. ET









Three IPOs show strong pricing in U.S. market


Mar. 15, 2012 at 12:26 p.m. ET













Activist Elliott Management  Weighs Athenahealth
Plus, investors’ interest in Allison Transmission and Cheniere Energy Partners 

May. 26, 2017 at 10:58 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Tribune Media: Picture Is Getting Sharper


Mar. 4, 2017 at 3:34 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Allison Transmission’s Shares Could Rev Up


Nov. 5, 2016 at 1:35 a.m. ET
on Barron's










CFO Moves: Allison Transmission, Opthotech

Jan. 5, 2016 at 5:11 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Oshkosh Wins $6.75 Billion Military Contract to Replace Humvee

Aug. 25, 2015 at 7:57 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










GM to Return to U.S. Medium-Truck Market

Jun. 14, 2015 at 6:42 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Wally Weitz Catches Falling Energy Stocks


Jan. 21, 2015 at 11:53 p.m. ET
on Barron's









Carlyle Reaps $1.1 Billion in Recent Surge of Stock Sales


Jun. 6, 2014 at 7:06 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Private-Equity Firms Notch Up Gains but Face Investing Challenges


Feb. 20, 2014 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Carlyle Group Is Set to Harvest Gains


Nov. 16, 2013 at 4:13 a.m. ET
on Barron's









PE Earnings Season is Over; Here Is What You Need to Know


Nov. 8, 2013 at 5:52 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: EBay, SanDisk, Theravance


Apr. 18, 2013 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Berry Plastics to Hit the IPO Road


Sep. 18, 2012 at 5:56 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Trio of Deals Show IPO Strength


Mar. 15, 2012 at 4:25 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






General Motors (GM) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Revenues Miss
General Motors (GM) suffers as sales decline in GM North America and GM International Operations. 

Jul. 25, 2017 at 11:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Autoliv's (ALV) Q2 Earnings and Revenues Miss Estimates
Declining sales in Passive Safety and Electronics segments affect Autoliv's (ALV) results.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 10:29 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Copart on Firmer Footing With Candia-West Warren Expansion  
Copart Inc. (CPRT) develops Candia and West Warren auto auction sites to cater better services to its customers across NH and MA.

Jul. 19, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Thor's Motor Coach Unit to Expand Motorhome Sites in Indiana
Plans to expand RV production facility in Indiana, presence of Class A and C models in product-portfolio and a new workforce may boost Thor Industries' (THO) business this summer.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 5:59 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Harley-Davidson (HOG) Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates, Fall Y/Y
Harley-Davidson's (HOG) Q2 results show revenue decline due to lower shipments and challenging market conditions.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 12:04 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





BorgWarner Inks Deal to Acquire Sevcon for Around $200M
For BorgWarner (BWA), the acquisition of Sevcon is likely to be accretive as it supports the strategy of supplying necessary technology for all types of propulsion systems.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 9:18 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





General Motors, Uber Tie Up to Expand Maven Gig in Sydney
General Motors Company (GM) is trying to adopt Maven Gig in Sydney through a pilot program. 

Jul. 17, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Magna (MGA) Wins Contract to Manufacture Jaguar E-PACE Car
Magna International Inc. (MGA) has announced that it has received a contract to produce Jaguar Land Rover's E-PACE at its manufacturing facility in Graz, Austria.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 7:50 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Honda Recalls 1.2M Accord Due to Battery Sensors Issues
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (HMC) has decided to recall 1.2 million Accord midsize cars, according to a Bloomberg report. 

Jul. 14, 2017 at 8:13 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Lithia Motors (LAD) Declares Preliminary Results for Q2
Lithia Motors Inc. (LAD) has announced preliminary results for the second quarter, ended Jun 30 2017

Jul. 13, 2017 at 8:51 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Cummins (CMI) Declares Hike in Quarterly Stock Dividend 
Cummins Inc. (CMI) announced that its board has approved an increase in its quarterly cash dividend on common stock to $1.08 per share from the earlier payout of $1.025 per share.

Jul. 12, 2017 at 10:19 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





BorgWarner Charges Up Honda's Engine with Turbochargers 
BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) announced that it has supplied wastegate turbochargers for Honda's (HMC) new three-cylinder 1.0-liter gasoline direct-injected engine

Jul. 12, 2017 at 8:40 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





AutoZone (AZO) Hit by Capital and Operating Expenses
We updated our research report on AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) on Jul 10.

Jul. 11, 2017 at 10:13 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Volkswagen's Porsche Being Probed by German Prosecutors
Porsche, a brand of Volkswagen AG (VLKAY), is encountering an official probe by German prosecutors, per Bloomberg news.

Jul. 11, 2017 at 9:26 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Toyota (TM) Opens its North American Headquarters in Texas
Toyota Motor Corp Ltd.'s (TM) holding company, Toyota Motor North America Inc., has formally launched its new North American headquarters in Plano, TX.

Jul. 10, 2017 at 8:50 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Tesla Inc. Secures Big Battery Contract in Australia
Tesla Inc. Secures Big Battery Contract in Australia

Jul. 10, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





New Strong Buy Stocks for July 10th
Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) List for Monday

Jul. 10, 2017 at 9:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Daimler & BAIC Motor to Invest in Electric Vehicles in China
Daimler AG (DDAIF) and Chinese joint venture partner, BAIC Motor Corporation, have reached an agreement to jointly invest $735 million for the production of battery electric vehicles in China by 2020.

Jul. 10, 2017 at 8:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Tesla (TSLA) Secures Big Battery Contract in Australia
Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) has grabbed an Australian contract for installing the world's biggest grid-scale battery. 

Jul. 10, 2017 at 7:42 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Group 1 Automotive Buys Beadles, Gets a Dozen Dealerships
Group 1 Automotive Inc. (GPI) has announced acquisition of Beadles Group Ltd., a UK-based automotive retailer.

Jul. 7, 2017 at 9:12 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com









Allison Transmission announces promotion of G. Frederick Bohley to Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
Allison Transmission announces promotion of G. Frederick Bohley to Vice President, Finance and Treasurer

Jul. 17, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission schedules second quarter 2017 earnings conference call
Allison Transmission schedules second quarter 2017 earnings conference call

Jul. 12, 2017 at 5:06 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 
      Announces Closing of the Eagle Ford Acquisition, Borrowing Base Increase 
      to $650 Million, and Election of Board Members
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 
      Announces Closing of the Eagle Ford Acquisition, Borrowing Base Increase 
      to $650 Million, and Election of Board Members

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Initiating Research Reports on Consumer Goods Equities -- Tata Motors, Allison Transmission, Honda Motor, and Ferrari
Initiating Research Reports on Consumer Goods Equities -- Tata Motors, Allison Transmission, Honda Motor, and Ferrari

Jun. 7, 2017 at 6:40 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission declares quarterly dividend
Allison Transmission declares quarterly dividend

May. 11, 2017 at 4:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Post Earnings Coverage as Allison Transmission's Earnings Soared 86%; Revenue Jumped 8%
Post Earnings Coverage as Allison Transmission's Earnings Soared 86%; Revenue Jumped 8%

May. 4, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Blue Bird First to Offer School Buses with Allison Transmission’s 
      FuelSense® 2.0
Blue Bird First to Offer School Buses with Allison Transmission’s 
      FuelSense® 2.0

May. 1, 2017 at 3:35 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Allison Transmission to present at Oppenheimer Annual Industrial Growth Conference
Allison Transmission to present at Oppenheimer Annual Industrial Growth Conference

Apr. 27, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission Announces First Quarter 2017 Results


Apr. 26, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Blog Coverage Allison Transmission Holdings and China National Heavy Duty Truck Group Explore Strategic Partnership


Apr. 20, 2017 at 8:17 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Consumer Goods Stocks Under Scanner -- Tata Motors, Allison Transmission, Honda Motor, and Ferrari


Apr. 19, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission and China National Heavy Duty Truck Group Corp. to evaluate strategic partnership


Apr. 19, 2017 at 2:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission schedules first quarter 2017 earnings conference call


Apr. 12, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison TC10® to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt models this year


Mar. 23, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission announces FuelSense® 2.0 with DynActive™ Shifting


Mar. 14, 2017 at 12:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Technical Reports on Consumer Goods Equities -- Allison Transmission, Tata Motors, Honda Motor, and Ferrari


Mar. 14, 2017 at 7:12 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission to present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Industrials & EU Autos Conference


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Allison Transmission Declares Quarterly Dividend and Announces 2017 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and Record Date


Feb. 23, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Post Earnings Coverage as Allison Earnings Soared Approximately 371%


Feb. 23, 2017 at 8:16 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Independent testing proves Allison 2500 transmission delivers 5 percent better fuel economy than Eaton Procision®


Feb. 22, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Allison Transmission Holdings Inc.


            
            Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. engages in the designing and manufacturing of transmissions for commercial and tactical vehicles, as well as hybrid-propulsion systems for transit buses, through its subsidiaries. It operates through a single segment, Manufacture and Distribution of Fully-Automatic Transmissions. The company was founded on June 22, 2007 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, IN.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 15
Full Ratings 





Allison Transmission Performing In Top Gear Despite Bumpy Road Ahead


Sep. 30, 2016 at 12:55 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Deutsche Bank Initiates Coverage On 17 U.S. Machinery Stocks


Sep. 7, 2016 at 3:44 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Class 8 Truck Data Good News For Allison, Negative for Cummins, PACCAR, Navistar, WABCO


Jun. 20, 2016 at 8:20 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Sypris Solutions Inc.
0.00%
$35.95M


Spartan Motors Inc.
1.14%
$309.13M


Navistar International Corp.
2.86%
$2.92B


Honeywell International Inc.
-0.33%
$104.98B


Thor Industries Inc.
1.64%
$5.54B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








AKS

12.44%








X

2.69%








DWT

-9.52%








IRBT

-2.74%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.


















Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. - ALSN - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
37.41


Day Low
36.97


Day High
37.49


52 Wk Low
26.74


52 Wk High
40.02


Avg. Volume
1,398,359


Market Cap
5.65 B


Dividend
0.60 ( 1.61%)


Beta
1.19





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.47


Current Qtr Est
0.47


Current Yr Est
1.81


Exp Earnings Date
*AMC7/31/17


Prior Year EPS
1.63


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)11.00%


Forward PE
20.58


PEG Ratio
1.87













Auto-Tires-Trucks » Automotive - Original Equipment



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for ALSN



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for ALSN





Zacks Rank


 Strong Buy 1



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 16%(42 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 6% (1  out of 16) 



Style Scores

C Value | D Growth | C Momentum | C VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for ALSN

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.
ALSN



Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc.
CVGI



Denso Corp.
DNZOY



Faurecia SA Sponsored ADR
FURCY



Ferrari N.V.
RACE



Modine Manufacturing Company
MOD



Valeo S.A.
VLEEY




See all Automotive - Original Equipment Peers


 




Zacks News for ALSN

General Motors (GM) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Revenues Miss
07/25/17-10:07AM EST  Zacks

Autoliv's (ALV) Q2 Earnings and Revenues Miss Estimates
07/24/17-9:29AM EST  Zacks

ALSN: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Copart on Firmer Footing With Candia-West Warren Expansion
07/19/17-8:20AM EST  Zacks

Thor's Motor Coach Unit to Expand Motorhome Sites in Indiana
07/18/17-4:59PM EST  Zacks

Harley-Davidson (HOG) Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates, Fall Y/Y
07/18/17-11:04AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. is engaged in the manufacturing of fully-automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, medium- and heavy-tactical U.S. military vehicles and hybrid-propulsion systems for transit buses. The Company's products are used in a variety of applications including on-highway trucks, buses, motorhomes, off-highway vehicles and equipment and military vehicles. Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.   





 




Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN.K)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN.K)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsHeavy Machinery & Vehicles












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ALSN.K on New York Consolidated


				37.10USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.06


					            (-0.16%)
					        






Prev Close

$37.16


Open

$37.41




Day's High

$37.49


Day's Low

$36.97




Volume

1,599,632


Avg. Vol

1,411,187




52-wk High

$40.02


52-wk Low

$26.74












					Full Description



Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., incorporated on June 22, 2007, and its subsidiaries design and manufacture commercial and defense fully-automatic transmissions. The Company manufactures fully-automatic transmissions for medium-and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, and medium-and heavy-tactical United States defense vehicles. The Company's transmissions are used in a range of applications, including on-highway trucks (distribution, refuse, construction, fire and emergency), buses (primarily school, transit and hybrid-transit), motorhomes, off-highway vehicles and equipment (energy, mining and construction) and defense vehicles (wheeled and tracked). The Company's transmissions are sold under the Allison Transmission brand name and remanufactured transmissions are sold under the ReTran brand name. The Company had developed over 100 different models that were used in more than 2,500 different vehicle configurations and were compatible with over 500 combinations of engines, as of December 31, 2016.In North America, the Company is a manufacturer of fully-automatic transmissions for the on-highway medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicle market. Its North American on-highway market includes Class 4-5, Class 6-7 and Class 8 straight trucks, conventional transit, shuttle and coach buses, school buses and motorhomes. Class 8 trucks are subdivided into two markets: straight and tractor. The Company sells its transmissions in the North American on-highway market to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). These OEMs, in turn, install the Company's transmissions in vehicles in which its transmission is either the exclusive transmission available or is specifically requested by end users.The Company's hybrid transit buses are used by city, state and federal governmental entities. Its off-highway energy applications include hydraulic fracturing equipment, well-stimulation equipment, pumping equipment and well-servicing rigs, which often use a fully-automatic transmission to propel the vehicle and drive auxiliary equipment. It also provides heavy-duty transmissions used in mining trucks, specialty vehicles and construction vehicles. Mining applications include trucks used to haul various commodities and other products, including rigid dump trucks, underground trucks and long-haul tractor trailer trucks.Outside of North America, the Company is a manufacturer of fully-automatic transmissions for the commercial vehicle market. Within Europe, it serves Western European developed markets, as well as Russian and Eastern emerging European markets, in the refuse, emergency, bus, coach, distribution and utility markets. Its Asia-Pacific markets include China, Japan, Australia, Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and South Korea. Off-highway markets in Asia are shared by energy, mining and construction applications.The Company sells transmissions for medium-and heavy-tactical wheeled vehicle platforms, including the Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles, Armored Security Vehicles, Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Trucks, Heavy Equipment Transporters, Palletized Loading Systems, M915 Series Trucks, Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacements and the Logistic Vehicle System Replacement. Additionally, the Company supplies transmissions for the Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) Vehicles and the MRAP All-Terrain Vehicle and for the Joint Light Tactical Vehicles, which is the replacement vehicle for Humvee personnel transport. It also supplies tracked vehicle platforms, the Abrams tank and the M113 family of vehicles, which are sold directly to the United States Department of Defense (DOD). Additionally, it sells parts kits to licensees for the production of transmissions for tracked vehicles manufactured outside North America. The Company had network of approximately 1,400 independent distributor and dealer locations to sell, service and support its transmissions, as of December 31, 2016.The Company competes with Ford Motor Company, ZF Friedrichshafen AG, Voith GmbH, BAE Systems plc, Caterpillar, Inc., Twin Disc, Inc., Komatsu, Ltd., Volvo Group, Danyang Winstar Auto Parts Co., L-3 Communications Corporation and Renk AG.

» Full Overview of ALSN.K







					Company Address



Allison Transmission Holdings Inc
1 Allison WayINDIANAPOLIS   IN   46222-3271
P: +1317.2425000F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Lawrence Dewey

6,913,970




							 David Graziosi

4,027,230




							 John Coll

872,855




							 Michael Dick

1,587,120




							 Randall Kirk

1,587,120




» More Officers & Directors





					Allison Transmission Holdings Inc News




BRIEF-Allison Transmission Q1 sales rose 8 pct to $499 mln

Apr 26 2017 
BRIEF-Allison Transmission, China National Heavy Duty Truck to evaluate strategic partnership

Apr 19 2017 
BRIEF-Allison Transmission entered into amendment no. 1 to amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of Sept 23

Mar 24 2017 
BRIEF-ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDINGS SAYS BOARD MEMBER DAVID DENISON NOTIFIED CO HE WILL NOT STAND FOR RE-ELECTION

Feb 23 2017 

» More ALSN.K  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsHeavy Machinery & Vehicles































Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Competitors - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    ALSN > 
    Competitors













Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Competitors 


ALSN 
$37.1
*  
0.06

0.16%
Get ALSN Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 25, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading ALSN now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
Industry: Capital Goods 
Community Rating:  



















ALSN





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks












Competitor Industry: Auto Parts:O.E.M.












Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.








CompanyName ▲ 

Symbol:
		                            Market


LastSale


NetChange


Volume


Today's High /
Low


52 Weeks High /
Low


P / E Ratio


Market Cap





Adient plcADNT: NYSE
$ 68.25 
0.32 ▲
1,188,533
$ 68.36$ 67.29
$ 76.09$ 39.66
NE
6,394,820


ADOMANI, Inc.ADOM: NASDAQ-CM
$ 8.86 
0.06 ▲
116,985
$ 9.3999$ 8.71
$ 18.31$ 6.53
NE
603,109


Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.ALSN: NYSE
$ 37.10 
-0.06 ▼
1,599,632
$ 37.49$ 36.97
$ 40.02$ 26.74
24.57
5,639,794


American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.AXL: NYSE
$ 15.84 
0.41 ▲
1,516,153
$ 15.97$ 15.425
$ 21.2499$ 12.61
4.86
1,761,091


Apogee Enterprises, Inc.APOG: NASDAQ-GS
$ 52.96 
0.26 ▲
360,597
$ 53.09$ 52.75
$ 61$ 39.88
18.2
1,524,136


Autoliv, Inc.ALV: NYSE
$ 109.82 
2.32 ▲
671,701
$ 110.1425$ 108.79
$ 117.54$ 93.305
17.38
9,544,895


BorgWarner Inc.BWA: NYSE
$ 45.84 
1.12 ▲
1,899,212
$ 46.09$ 44.87
$ 47$ 31.49
70.52
9,728,165


China Automotive Systems, Inc.CAAS: NASDAQ-CM
$ 4.79 
-0.02 ▼
4,405
$ 4.88$ 4.79
$ 7.96$ 3.41
6.75
151,867


China Zenix Auto International LimitedZX: NYSE
$ 1.79 
0.03 ▲
16,409
$ 1.85$ 1.76
$ 1.95$ .8101
NE
27,969


Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc.CVGI: NASDAQ-GS
$ 8.92 
0.32 ▲
749,015
$ 9.02$ 8.60
$ 9.62$ 3.82
55.75
275,146


Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc.CPS: NYSE
$ 101.99 
-0.29 ▼
150,642
$ 102.80$ 101.67
$ 118.59$ 82.50
12.76
1,821,337


Dana IncorporatedDAN: NYSE
$ 23.46 
0.17 ▲
2,107,215
$ 23.55$ 23.23
$ 24.10$ 12.79
5.1
3,391,354


Delphi Automotive plcDLPH: NYSE
$ 90.93 
0.43 ▲
1,709,818
$ 91.38$ 90.51
$ 93.43$ 60.50
21.25
24,359,329


Dorman Products, Inc.DORM: NASDAQ-GS
$ 77.53 
0.73 ▲
101,862
$ 77.86$ 76.31
$ 88.50$ 56.10
24.23
2,659,046


Gentex CorporationGNTX: NASDAQ-GS
$ 17.36 
0.42 ▲
3,624,674
$ 17.46$ 17.025
$ 22.12$ 16.06
13.67
4,987,007


Gentherm IncTHRM: NASDAQ-GS
$ 39.45 
0.15 ▲
181,803
$ 39.85$ 39.35
$ 40.80$ 26.60
16.1
1,449,748


Honeywell International Inc.HON: NYSE
$ 137.25 
-0.46 ▼
3,073,882
$ 138$ 136.52
$ 137.93$ 105.2475
21.28
104,388,095


Horizon Global CorporationHZN: NYSE
$ 13.90 
0.36 ▲
141,154
$ 14$ 13.62
$ 26.365$ 11.80
NE
355,590


Icahn Enterprises L.P.IEP: NASDAQ-GS
$ 53.34 
0.44 ▲
50,851
$ 53.50$ 52.76
$ 64.80$ 45.4177
NE
8,547,682


Ingersoll-Rand plc (Ireland)IR: NYSE
$ 90.47 
-0.58 ▼
1,588,692
$ 91.84$ 90.47
$ 94.39$ 62.40
16.45
23,162,310


LCI IndustriesLCII: NYSE
$ 105.90 
3.40 ▲
128,796
$ 105.95$ 102.05
$ 117.15$ 80.65
19.4
2,637,440


Lear CorporationLEA: NYSE
$ 145.97 
1.94 ▲
858,931
$ 146.31$ 144.59
$ 153.28$ 103.37
10.14
10,055,581


Lydall, Inc.LDL: NYSE
$ 50.50 
0.70 ▲
47,965
$ 51$ 50.05
$ 64.85$ 43.315
21.77
870,065


Magna International, Inc.MGA: NYSE
$ 48.02 
0.57 ▲
1,273,967
$ 48.17$ 47.65
$ 48.90$ 36.77
8.78
18,355,789


Meritor, Inc.MTOR: NYSE
$ 18.04 
0.15 ▲
582,408
$ 18.13$ 17.87
$ 18.40$ 7.88
3.03
1,597,821







<< first< previous12next >last >>


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN.K)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN.K)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsHeavy Machinery & Vehicles












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ALSN.K on New York Consolidated


				37.29USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.14


					            (+0.36%)
					        






Prev Close

$37.16


Open

$37.41




Day's High

$37.49


Day's Low

$36.97




Volume

843,545


Avg. Vol

1,409,093




52-wk High

$40.02


52-wk Low

$26.74











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Lawrence Dewey

60
2016

                                Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer




							David Graziosi

51
2016

                                President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Assistant Secretary




							John Coll

54
2016

                                Senior Vice President - Global Marketing, Sales and Service




							Michael Dick

55
2016

                                Senior Vice President - Operations and Purchasing




							Randall Kirk

61
2014

                                Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams




							G. Frederick Bohley


2017

                                Vice President - Finance, Treasurer




							Eric Scroggins

46
2007

                                Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary




							Dana Pittard

58
2016

                                Vice President - Defense Products




							Stanley Askren

56
2016

                                Independent Director




							David Everitt

64
2016

                                Independent Director




							Alvaro Garcia-Tunon

64
2016

                                Independent Director




							Richard Lavin

64
2016

                                Independent Director




							Thomas Rabaut

68
2007

                                Independent Director




							Francis Raborn

73
2007

                                Independent Director




							Richard Reynolds

68
2010

                                Independent Director




							James Star

56
2016

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Lawrence Dewey


					
							Mr. Lawrence E. Dewey is the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has served in that capacity since January 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Dewey served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since the sale of Allison in August 2007. Prior to the sale, Mr. Dewey served in various capacities at Allison, including as President of Allison, a role he assumed in 2000; worldwide Director of Marketing, Sales and Service, Managing Director of Allison Transmission Europe, B.V., based in The Netherlands; Central Region (U.S.) Sales Manager; Marketing Manager; Manager of Aftermarket Products; and Production Manager. From 2003 until 2007, concurrent with his role as President of Allison, he took on the responsibilities of Group Director of Marketing, Sales, Brand Management and Customer Support for General Motors Powertrain group. Before joining Allison, Mr. Dewey held several positions of increasing responsibility in General Motors’ Diesel Equipment Division and Rochester Products Division. He began his career in 1974 as a General Motors co-op student at General Motors Institute (now Kettering University), graduating Suma Cum Laude. Mr. Dewey earned his Master in Business Administration with honors from the Harvard Graduate School of Business. Our Board has concluded that Mr. Dewey should serve as a director because in addition to his demonstrated leadership skills as Chief Executive Officer of Allison, he brings to our Board experience and institutional knowledge about Allison from his 27 years of experience with our Company and valuable insights on the commercial vehicle industry as a result of his 42 years of experience in the industry.




							David Graziosi


					
							Mr. David S. Graziosi serves as President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Assistant Secretary of the Company since January 2016. Prior to that he had served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary since joining Allison in November 2007. Before joining Allison, between 2006 and 2007, Mr. Graziosi served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covalence Specialty Materials Corporation. Prior to joining Covalence Specialty Materials Corporation, Mr. Graziosi held various positions in the industry, including as Vice President of Finance Precursors and Epoxy Resins at Hexion Specialty Chemicals, Inc. from 2005 to 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Resolution Performance Products LLC from 2004 to 2005. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Chemical Industrial Products Inc., as Finance Director of GenTek Inc., and as Internal Audit Director and Assistant Corporate Controller at Sun Chemical Group B.V. Mr. Graziosi is also a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Information Systems Auditor (non-practicing).




							John Coll


					
							Mr. John M. Coll has been appointed as Senior Vice President - Global Marketing, Sales and Service of the Company., effective Oct. 7, 2016. Prior to joining Allison, he was Vice Present of Sales and Marketing at Gerdau Ameristeel U.S. from January 2015 to October 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Coll served fourteen years at Eaton Corp., most recently as Vice President of Global Marketing for the vehicle group from January 2011 to January 2015. Prior to that, he held a number of other roles at Eaton, including Director of Global Channel Marketing for Eaton Electrical, General Manager of Aftermarket and Vehicle Solutions for Truck Components and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Truck Components. Prior to joining Eaton, Mr. Coll served thirteen years at Philips Electronics in a variety of sales and distributor relations roles. Mr. Coll earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from West Virginia University and a master in business administration from the University of Pittsburgh.




							Michael Dick


					
							Mr. Michael A. Dick serves as Senior Vice President - Operations and Purchasing of the Company, effective January 1, 2016. He had most recently been Vice President of Purchasing, Supplier Quality and Manufacturing Engineering since August 2012. Mr. Dick joined Allison Transmission in July 2006 and previously served in two other key executive positions. As Executive Director of Operations and Plant Manager for the 1000/2000 Series™ manufacturing facility in Indianapolis, a position Mr. Dick held from July 2006 through December 2007, his team significantly improved in the manufacturing cost per unit, hours per unit, customer pulls and customer complaint parts per million (PPM). As Executive Director of Manufacturing Engineering, a position he held from January 2008 through July 2012, Mr. Dick and the manufacturing engineering team were responsible for the successful launch of the assembly plant in Chennai, India and the relocation of the 3000/4000 Series™ assembly operations to Szentgotthárd, Hungary. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Dick worked for the New Venture Gear Corp. (a joint venture between General Motors and Chrysler) where he served as the Vice President and Division Manager. In this role, he and his team took a business that had been losing money for a decade and made it profitable. Mr. Dick holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering technology from Purdue University.




							Randall Kirk


					
							Mr. Randall R. Kirk is the Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams of the Company since August 2014. He joined Allison in May 1976 and serves as Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams, a position he has held since August 2014. At the beginning of his career at Allison, he served in a number of roles with increasing responsibility in the Operations and Quality organizations, including Supervisor, General Supervisor, Production Superintendent, Quality/Reliability Manager, and a dual role as Manager of Manufacturing Engineering and Quality and Divisional Program Manager. From 1997 until 2001, Mr. Kirk assumed the responsibilities of Product Team Leader for several product lines. He then served as Director of Customer Support in Marketing, Sales and Service from 2001 until 2007. From 2007 until 2009, Mr. Kirk was Executive Director of the Transition Program Manager Office, leading a cross-functional team with responsibilities for the separation from General Motors. Following the divestiture in 2009, he was appointed as Vice President, Product Engineering before his promotion to Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams in August 2014.




							G. Frederick Bohley


					
							Mr. G. Frederick Bohley has been appointed Vice President - Finance, Treasurer of the Company. with effective from July 17, 2017. InMarch 2016, Bohley was promoted to Vice President, with the added responsibility of the Treasury department. InAugust 2014, Business Planning was added to his responsibilities, and inJanuary 2013, he took on the role of Investor Relations. InOctober 2007, Bohley was promoted to Executive Director of Financial Planning and Analysis, Pricing and International Finance. In 2006 he became Director of International Marketing and Business Planning. In 2003 Bohley was promoted to Director of Latin American Operations, based inSao Paulo, Brazil. In 2001, he joined Marketing, Sales and Service where he held the position of National Executive. Bohley started his career at Allison in 1991 in the Finance organization where he held positions of incAccountreasing responsibility until 2001. Bohley holds a bachelor's degree in business, with majors in accounting and finance, from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University.




							Eric Scroggins


					
							Mr. Eric C. Scroggins serves as Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc., since December 2007. He is responsible for advising our Board and leadership team on legal and business matters, managing our legal affairs and overseeing our Export Compliance, Corporate Affairs and Communications and Internal Audit organizations. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Scroggins served as General Counsel for Product Action International, LLC and was an attorney with the law firm of Ice Miller LLP. Prior to joining Ice Miller LLP, Mr. Scroggins worked for the State of Indiana, serving in various roles with the Indiana State Personnel Department, including Deputy Director.




							Dana Pittard


					
							Mr. Dana J.H. Pittard serves as Vice President, Defense Products of the Company. He joined the Company as Deputy Vice President of Defense Programs in October 2015. He was promoted to Vice President, Defense Programs in January 2016. Mr. Pittard retired from the U.S. Army in the grade of Major General (2 Star) after 34 years of active duty. He has commanded Armor and Infantry units at every level from platoon to Division, including command of the 1st Armored Division. His service included multiple combat tours. Mr. Pittard brings a wealth of experience in combat vehicle technology and a deep understanding of the Department of Defense and congressional budget processes. He served as the Director of Operations for the Army Training and Doctrine Command, the organization responsible for defining requirements for combat vehicles. As the commander of Fort Bliss, Texas from 2010 to 2013, he transformed the post into one of the largest operational training installations in the Army, and was responsible for a community of over 100,000 soldiers, civilians and family members.




							Stanley Askren


					
							Mr. Stanley A. Askren is an Independent Director of the Company. He has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of HNI Corporation since 2004 and the President of HNI Corporation since 2003. Prior to his appointment as President of HNI Corporation, he has served in various roles at HNI Corporation, including human resources, marketing, operations and general management. Prior to HNI Corporation, Mr. Askren served in multiple executive and general management positions at Emerson Electric Company and Thomson SA. Mr. Askren has been a director of HNI Corporation since 2003 and of Armstrong World Industries, Inc. since 2008 and served as a director of Arctic Cat Inc. from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Askren graduated from the University of Northern Iowa with highest honors with a degree in Business Administration and received a Master of Business Administration from Washington University where he received the Hiram and Mary Neuwoehner award for academic excellence. He also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard University in 1995. Mr. Askren serves on the Business Industry Furniture Association and is a past chair. He serves on the Iowa Business Council and is a past chair. He also serves on the Washington University Olin School of Business Advisory Council and is currently serving his second term on the Iowa Partnership for Economic Progress Board, to which he was appointed by Iowa Governor Terry Branstad. Our Board has concluded that Mr. Askren should serve as director because of his experience gained from his positions as President and Chief Executive Officer of HNI Corporation, along with his broad based experience in human resources, operations, marketing and multi-channel sales. Mr. Askren has been recognized as an expert in lean operations and business practice. In addition he has extensive director experience from his service on the boards of HNI Corporation, Arctic Cat Inc. and Armstrong World Industries.




							David Everitt


					
							Mr. David C. Everitt is an Independent Director of the Company. Most recently he served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of Harsco Corporation from February 2014 to August 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Everitt had been with Deere & Company since 1975, when he joined Deere as an engineer following his graduation from Kansas State University. Over the next nearly four decades, Mr. Everitt held positions of increasing responsibility, most recently responsible for the sales and marketing for all of North America and Asia, as well as global design and production of John Deere tractors and turf and utility, and global Ag Solutions Systems. Mr. Everitt also serves on the board of directors for Agrium Inc., Brunswick Corporation and Harsco Corporation. Our Board has concluded that Mr. Everitt should serve as a director because of the extensive industry experience in sales, marketing and operations, particularly with respect to information technology, gained from his positions as Interim Chief Executive Officer at Harsco Corporation and the President of Deere & Company’s largest division in the areas of engineering, manufacturing and global operations.




							Alvaro Garcia-Tunon


					
							Mr. Alvaro Garcia-Tunon is an Independent Director of the Company. He retired as the Chief Financial Officer of Wabtec Corporation, or Wabtec, a provider of products and services for the global rail industry, effective January 1, 2014. . Mr. Garcia-Tunon was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Wabtec in February 2012. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Wabtec since December 2010. Prior thereto, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Wabtec since 2003. Mr. Garcia-Tunon currently is serving on the Board of Directors of MSA Safety Incorporated, a global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures since 2012, and Matthews International Corporation, a leading supplier of brand solutions and memorialization and industrial products, since 2009. He is also a board member of the Senator John Heinz History Center, where he serves as its Treasurer, and the William & Mary Law School Foundation. Mr. Garcia-Tunon graduated from the College of William and Mary with a Juris Doctor degree and is a graduate of the University of Virginia with a Bachelor of Science degree in Commerce and Accounting. He is a CPA and a member of the Virginia State Bar. Our Board has concluded that Mr. Garcia-Tunon should serve as director because he brings substantial experience in information technology, finance, accounting and the transportation industry from his time at Wabtec Corporation, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Arthur Anderson and Co. Having served as the Chief Financial Officer of a public company with global operations, Mr. Garcia-Tunon has leadership skills in international business, corporate governance, risk management and legal matters. He also provides the Board and the Audit Committee, of which he is the chair, the strong financial and accounting skills required to be considered a financial expert.




							Richard Lavin


					
							Mr. Richard P. Lavin is an Independent Director of the Company. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc., or Commercial Vehicle, a leading global supplier of a full range of cab-related systems for the global commercial vehicle market, from May 2013 until his resignation in November 2015. He was a director of Commercial Vehicle from August 2013 until November 2015. Prior to Commercial Vehicle, Mr. Lavin spent 28 years at Caterpillar Inc., or Caterpillar, where he last served as Group President of Construction Industries and Growth Markets. Throughout his career at Caterpillar, Mr. Lavin held various global roles, including Vice President of the Human Services Division, Vice President of Caterpillar’s Asia Pacific Manufacturing Operations, Chairman of Shin Caterpillar Mitsubishi, and other senior positions in Hong Kong, Bangalore, India, Tokyo, Japan and Beijing, China. Mr. Lavin joined Caterpillar in 1984 as an attorney in the legal department. Mr. Lavin currently serves as a director of ITT Inc. and USG Corporation. Our Board has concluded that Mr. Lavin should serve as director because of his vast industry experience as the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Vehicle Group. Mr. Lavin brings extensive knowledge of international markets through a 28 year career with Caterpillar that included senior positions in several Asian countries with responsibility for developing and deploying broad-based business strategies and for managing business operations.




							Thomas Rabaut


					
							Mr. Thomas W. Rabaut serves as an Independent Director of the Company, since August 2007. He currently serves as an Operating Executive for The Carlyle Group and has held that position since 2007. In that capacity, he has fulfilled a number of executive roles, including current Chairman of SIGNODE Industries and Walbro LLC, and past Chairman of Veyance Technologies and ARINC Industries, Inc. He also serves on the board of KAMAN Corporation and is Chairman of the Board of Saab Defence and Security LLC. Mr. Rabaut also served on the board of CYTEC Industries Inc. until it was acquired by the SOLVAY Group. Prior to joining Carlyle as an Operating Executive, Mr. Rabaut served as President of Land and Armaments Group BAE Systems from 2005 to 2007. From 1994 to 2005, he was the President and CEO of United Defense Industries, Inc., or United Defense. It was a global leader in the design, development and production of military systems, including combat vehicles, naval guns, missile launching systems, and the upgrade and repair of U. S. Navy ships. It was one of Carlyle’s most successful investments and was acquired by BAE Systems in 2005. Prior to his tenure at United Defense, Mr. Rabaut served 17 years in primarily general management positions in FMC Corporation. This included business activities in a variety of industries including Power Transmission, Petroleum Equipment and defense. Mr. Rabaut is a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and the Harvard Graduate School of Business, is a qualified U.S. Army Ranger and served overseas in the U.S. Army as a Military Intelligence Officer from 1971-1975. Mr. Rabaut currently serves on the Council of Trustees of the Association of the U. S. Army and on the board of the Washington, DC Chapter of the Posse Foundation.




							Francis Raborn


					
							Mr. Francis Raborn is an Independent Director of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc., since August 2007. Until his retirement in 2005, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Defense Industries, Inc. from its formation in 1994, and as a director since 1997. Mr. Raborn joined FMC Corporation, the predecessor of United Defense Industries, Inc., in 1977 and held a variety of financial and accounting positions, including Controller of the Defense Systems Group from 1985 to 1993, and Controller of the Special Products Group from 1979 to 1985. He also had international operating responsibilities as a result of being on the Boards of United Defense’s Swedish subsidiary and Turkish joint venture. Prior to his tenure at FMC Corporation, Mr. Raborn worked for Chemetron Corporation and Ford Motor Company. Mr. Raborn currently serves on the board of directors of Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. Our Board has concluded that Mr. Raborn should serve as a director because he brings with him significant experience in finance, accounting, defense, production and manufacturing as a result of his senior financial and accounting positions at FMC Corporation and United Defense Industries, Inc., or United Defense, and his position as the Chairman of Spirit AeroSystems, Inc.’s audit committee. Mr. Raborn also brings to our Board international operating experience as a result of his service on the boards of directors of United Defense’s Swedish subsidiary and Turkish joint venture and valuable knowledge of corporate governance, compensation programs, and operations of other companies gained from his previous service on the board of directors of other public and private companies.




							Richard Reynolds


					
							Lt. Gen. Richard V. Reynolds is an Independent Director of the Company, since November 2010. He is owner and principal of the VanFleet Group, LLC, an aerospace consulting company and has served in that capacity since 2005. Prior to his retirement in 2005, General Reynolds was Vice Commander, Air Force Materiel Command. During his 34 years of active duty Air Force service, he commanded the Aeronautical Systems Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio and the Air Force Flight Test Center at Edwards Air Force Base, California. He was also Program Executive Officer, Airlift and Trainers in the Pentagon, and Program Director for several major weapon system acquisitions, including the B-2 Spirit. General Reynolds is a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School, Class 79B, and has more than 25 years of hands-on experience in the research, development, program management, test and evaluation of aeronautical systems. He holds Federal Aviation Administration certificates for Airline Transport Pilot and Flight Instructor (Glider), and his logbook shows more than 4,000 flying hours in 72 different military and civil aircraft. Graduating in 1971 from the U.S. Air Force Academy with a Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering, General Reynolds has a Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from California State University, and a Master of Arts degree in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College. He is a Fellow of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots. General Reynolds currently serves on the board of directors of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. and previously served on the board of directors of Barco Federal Systems, LLC. He holds an advisory board seat for Electronic Warfare Associates-Government Systems Inc. In a volunteer capacity, he has served as Board Chairman and CEO of the Air Force Museum Foundation, Inc. and as a member of the USAF Heritage Program Board of Directors. He is presently a member of the National Veterans Memorial and Museum Advisory Committee




							James Star


					
							Mr. James A. Star serves as an Independent Director of the Company since May 12, 2016. Since 2003, he has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Longview Asset Management LLC, or Longview, a multi-strategy investment firm for which he has been a portfolio manager since 1998. He has also served since 1994 as a Vice President of Henry Crown and Company, a private family investment firm affiliated with Longview. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Star was President and Chief Investment Officer of Star Partners, Inc., a private securities partnership focused on common equities. Mr. Star began his investment career in 1991 as a securities analyst at Harris Associates, a Chicago investment firm. Prior thereto, he practiced corporate and securities law in Illinois, where he was a member of the bar from 1987 to 2011. Mr. Star sits on the board of directors of Equity CommonWealth REIT, a publicly traded real estate trust, where he serves on the Nominating & Governance Committee. He has also served as a manager of Longview Trust Company since 2006. Mr. Star has also been a member of limited partner advisory boards for the Kabouter Funds since 2004 and Valor Equity Partners II since 2007. In prior years, Mr. Star has served on the board of trustees of Columbia Acorn Trust and Wanger Advisor Trust, which are registered mutual funds, and a number of private company boards. He is a member of the Global Advisory Board of the Kellogg Graduate School of Business at Northwestern University and the Chicago chapter of World Presidents Organization. He founded and serves as President of the Star Family Foundation. Mr. Star received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University and holds a Juris Doctor degree from Yale Law School and a Masters of Management from Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Lawrence Dewey

6,913,970




							David Graziosi

4,027,230




							John Coll

872,855




							Michael Dick

1,587,120




							Randall Kirk

1,587,120




							G. Frederick Bohley

--




							Eric Scroggins

--




							Dana Pittard

--




							Stanley Askren

171,592




							David Everitt

159,988




							Alvaro Garcia-Tunon

197,070




							Richard Lavin

169,147




							Thomas Rabaut

232,480




							Francis Raborn

174,988




							Richard Reynolds

171,238




							James Star

139,988



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Lawrence Dewey

1,695,997
28,639,300




							David Graziosi

149,183
2,701,120




							John Coll

0
0




							Michael Dick

24,936
305,117




							Randall Kirk

93,210
1,205,800




							G. Frederick Bohley

0
0




							Eric Scroggins

0
0




							Dana Pittard

0
0




							Stanley Askren

0
0




							David Everitt

0
0




							Alvaro Garcia-Tunon

0
0




							Richard Lavin

0
0




							Thomas Rabaut

0
0




							Francis Raborn

0
0




							Richard Reynolds

0
0




							James Star

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Kirk (Randall R)
7,284
$37.78


Kirk (Randall R)
10,357
$16.88


Coll (John M.)
7,000
$0.00


Coll (John M.)
19
$37.51


Coll (John M.)
60
$0.00


Coll (John M.)
2,213
$37.51


Kirk (Randall R)
10,357
$16.88


Kirk (Randall R)
7,222
$38.73


Graziosi (David S)
50,000
$16.88


Graziosi (David S)
50,000
$39.09


Dick (Michael A.)
7,342
$38.02


Graziosi (David S)
50,000
$38.19


Graziosi (David S)
50,000
$16.88


Spivy (Gregory P)
3,697
$0.00


Lavin (Richard P.)
245
$0.00


Raborn (Francis)
3,697
$0.00


Lavin (Richard P.)
3,697
$0.00


Askren (Stanley A)
490
$0.00


Rabaut (Thomas W)
3,697
$0.00


Star (James A.)
490
$0.00


Askren (Stanley A)
3,697
$0.00


Star (James A.)
3,697
$0.00


Raborn (Francis)
490
$0.00


Rabaut (Thomas W)
490
$0.00


Denison David
27,722
$0.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsHeavy Machinery & Vehicles























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












About.com Search - Find it now!
















about.com logo






























About Network WEB RESULTS


TCC Solenoid and GM Convertor Lock-up Problems - ThoughtCo



autorepair.about.com
If you think of it in a very non-technical way, the torque convertor clutch does the 
same thing inside an automatic transmission that your standard clutch does on a
 ...
More »






Diagnosing GM Converter Lock-Up Problems - ThoughtCo



autorepair.about.com
Apr 17, 2017 ... By definition: The torque converter converts hydraulic pressure within the 
transmission to mechanical torque, which drives the drive shafts and ...
More »






Facts About the 2006 Chevy Silverado 1500 - ThoughtCo



trucks.about.com
Aug 23, 2016 ... When it's mated to the Allison 1000 six-speed automatic transmission it delivers 
160 hp at 3200 rpm, while burning cleanly to keep emissions to ...
More »






M26 Pershing Tank in World War II - ThoughtCo



militaryhistory.about.com
Feb 19, 2016 ... T20 series prototypes employed a new torqmatic transmission, the Ford ... 
AV1790-3 engines and Allison CD-850-1 cross-drive transmissions.
More »










International Introduces Limited-Edition World's Biggest Production ...



4wheeldrive.about.com
A smooth-shifting Allison ® 2000 Series automatic transmission and standard 
cab air-suspension (with standard front air seats) provide an exceptionally ...
More »




WEB RESULTS


Allison Transmission Home



www.allisontransmission.com
Allison Transmission (NYSE: ALSN) is the world's largest manufacturer of fully 
automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles and is
 ...
More »






Contact - Allison Transmission



www.allisontransmission.com
Contact. Allison Transmission is 
headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, 
U.S.A. ...
More »










1


                        2




                        3




                        4




                        5




                        6




                        7




                        8




                        9




                        10




                        Next »










RELATED SEARCHES



Allison Transmission Filters






Allison Transmission Company






                        Troubleshooting Allison Transmissions






                        Chevrolet Allison Transmission






Allison Transmission Parts



















Advertise on About.com

 | 

Our Story

 | 

News & Events

 | 

Careers

 | 

SiteMap

 | 

All Topics

 | 

Reprints

 | 

Help

 | 

Write for About

 | 

User Agreement

 | 

Ethics Policy

 | 

Patent Info.

 | 

Privacy Policy

 | 

Your Ad Choices

 | 

© 2017 About.com. All rights reserved.






















About.com Search - Find it now!
















about.com logo






























WEB RESULTS


TKT Sales Allison Transmission Parts Supplier: Electronic Controls



www.allisontransmissionpart.com
TKT Sales can supply virtually any component for all Allison Transmission ... To 
do this we will require some information from your old ECU, Transmission and ...
More »






tcm's, ecu's, shift selectors, etc - allison hd/b500/4000rds/t400



www.defeomfg.com
Defeo is not affiliated with or sponsored by Allison Transmission, Inc. and is NOT 
an authorized Allison dealer or OEM manufacturer for Allison Transmissions ...
More »






ALLISON ECU 15053060 15071904 1000 2000 MD3060 MD3560 ...



www.youtube.com
Dec 11, 2012 ... BRAND NEW ALLISON ECU MODULES ON SURPLUS WHILE ... NUMBER 
15053060 15071904 TRANSMISSION MODELS 1000 2000 3060 ...
More »






Dead Allison MD3060 Transmission Shifter - iRV2 Forums



www.irv2.com
If you see code 69-32, problem is ECU [transmission computer]. Often with this .... 
~~~~~School Bus Mechanic: Allison Automatic Transmission ...
More »










Transmission Instruments



www.transmissioninstruments.com
Expert rebuilders of Allison Remote Shifters and ECMs. ... Transmission 
Instruments is your source for rebuilt and refurbished Remote Shifters for Allison 
Automatic ... Our turn around time for ECU rebuilds is typically 24 to 48 hours. Put 
your ...
More »






ECM King - Allison Transmission ECM



www.ecmking.com
Allison Transmission Electronic Control Unit ECU TCU remanufacturing & 
rebuilding.
More »






Allison TCM: Parts & Accessories | eBay



www.ebay.com
CHEVY GMC ALLISON TCM TRANSMISSION CONTROL MODULE 6.6LTR 
DIESEL .... Allison Transmission Control Module TCM ECU A41 Series 
29545322.
More »










1


                        2




                        3




                        4




                        5




                        6




                        7




                        8




                        9




                        10




                        Next »










RELATED SEARCHES



Allison Transmission Filters






Allison Transmission Company






Allison Transmission Parts






                        Troubleshooting Allison Transmissions






                        Chevrolet Allison Transmission



















Advertise on About.com

 | 

Our Story

 | 

News & Events

 | 

Careers

 | 

SiteMap

 | 

All Topics

 | 

Reprints

 | 

Help

 | 

Write for About

 | 

User Agreement

 | 

Ethics Policy

 | 

Patent Info.

 | 

Privacy Policy

 | 

Your Ad Choices

 | 

© 2017 About.com. All rights reserved.






















About.com Search - Find it now!
















about.com logo






























About Network WEB RESULTS


Facts About the 2006 Chevy Silverado 1500 - ThoughtCo



trucks.about.com
Aug 23, 2016 ... A new Duramax 6600 turbo-diesel V-8 engine is optional on Silverado Heavy 
Duty models. When it's mated to the Allison 1000 six-speed ...
More »






Alternative Fuels



alternativefuels.about.com
Diesel & Biodiesel Vehicles in Cold Weather: 3 Things to Be Aware of · FORD-F-
150-P:U.jpg. Article ... Collecting Used Vegetable Oil for Homemade Diesel Fuel.
More »






Truck Road Tests at GM's Milford Proving Ground - ThoughtCo



trucks.about.com
Aug 23, 2016 ... Here, a Dodge Ram diesel truck, Ford Super Duty diesel and a Chevrolet 
Silverado HD Duramax diesel are flanked by a Silverado pickup and ...
More »






How Does a Diesel Engine Work and Why Is It Efficient? - ThoughtCo



autorepair.about.com
Dec 15, 2014 ... Why is a diesel engine more efficient than an equivalent gasoline engine? What 
is a turbo diesel? There are a lot of physics in the answer to ...
More »








RELATED SEARCHES



Duramax Diesel Performance






Duramax Diesel Pickups for Sale






                        Fuel Economy of Chevy Duramax Diesel






                        Gas Mileage for Duramax Diesel






                        CHEV Duramax Problems






Duramax Diesel Recall






Duramax Diesel MPG






                        Problems with Duramax Diesels






Duramax Diesel Upgrades






Duramax Trucks for Sale






MORE About Network WEB RESULTS


The Best Trucks for the Apocalypse: Part 1--FAST! - ThoughtCo



trucks.about.com
Aug 23, 2016 ... Engine: 6.6-liter Duramax diesel V8, custom tuned to deliver 600hp. What's the 
Deal? The Howe Brothers (stars of the Discovery Channel's ...
More »






Replacement Your Universal Joint (U-Joint) - ThoughtCo



autorepair.about.com
Mar 25, 2017 ... A Step-By-Step Guide to Replacing Your Diesel Glow Plugs · List. DIY Strut 
Replacement. Broken rear view mirror. List. How to Replace Your ...
More »






How to Replace a Ball Joint - ThoughtCo



autorepair.about.com
Jun 21, 2017 ... Article. A Step-By-Step Guide to Replacing Your Diesel Glow Plugs · Broken rear 
view mirror. List. How to Replace Your Cars Side View Mirror.
More »














RELATED SEARCHES



Duramax Diesel Performance






Duramax Diesel Pickups for Sale






                        Fuel Economy of Chevy Duramax Diesel






                        Gas Mileage for Duramax Diesel






                        CHEV Duramax Problems



















Advertise on About.com

 | 

Our Story

 | 

News & Events

 | 

Careers

 | 

SiteMap

 | 

All Topics

 | 

Reprints

 | 

Help

 | 

Write for About

 | 

User Agreement

 | 

Ethics Policy

 | 

Patent Info.

 | 

Privacy Policy

 | 

Your Ad Choices

 | 

© 2017 About.com. All rights reserved.
























allison transmission holdings - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Allison Transmission Holdings - Allison Transmission Holdings



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Allison Transmission Holdings



Find Allison Transmission Holdings and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Excite Web Search - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​web+results



Search for What You Are Looking For. Find Quick Results Now.




Allison Transmission Jobs - Now Hiring - Submit an Application.



Ad
 ·
AllisonTransmission.JobHat.com



Now Hiring - Submit an Application. Browse Full & Part Time Positions.





Home



Get a Better Career



Find a New Job



Create An Online Resume





ALSN Stock Predictions | flashratings.com



Ad
 ·
flashratings.com



All Current Analyst Ratings and Price Targets for Allison Transmission




Searches related toallison transmission holdings



new allison transmission price


allison 3000 manual


allison transmission inc


who owns allison transmission



allison 3000 4000 code list


allison troubleshooting guide


allison md3060 specs sheet


allison transmission corporate headqu...




Web Results

Allison Transmission - Official Site

www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission (NYSE: ALSN) is the world’s largest manufacturer of fully automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles and is a ...



Parts + Service



My Allison



Transmissions



Sales + Service Locator



Careers



Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. - ALSN - Stock Price ...

https://www.zacks.com/amp/stock/quote/ALSN


View Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. ALSN investment & stock information. Get the latest Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. ALSN detailed stock quotes, stock ...


ALSN Stock Price - Allison Transmission Holdings Inc ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/ALSN


Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Allison Transmission - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allison_Transmission_Holdings,_Inc.


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 ...


Allison Transmission Holdings, (NYSE:ALSN) Experiences ...

https://www.firstnewspaper24.com/2017/07/allison-transmission...


Allison Transmission Holdings, shares had a trading volume of 26K by the end of trading on Tuesday. Overall, volume was down 97.72% under the stocks normal daily volume.


Allison Transmission Holdings (ALSN) Earns News Impact ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/allison-transmission...


Press coverage about Allison Transmission Holdings (NASDAQ:ALSN) has trended positive this week, according to Accern Sentiment. The research firm ...


Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Downgraded to ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/allison-transmission...


BidaskClub cut shares of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:ALSN) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on ...


Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:ALSN) Cut to ...

https://weekherald.com/2017/07/22/allison-transmission-holdings...


BidaskClub downgraded shares of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:ALSN) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Wednesday.


ALSN : Summary for Allison Transmission Holdings, - Yahoo ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN


View the basic ALSN stock chart on Yahoo Finance. Change the date range, chart type and compare Allison Transmission Holdings, against other companies.


Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Common Stock Quote ...

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/alsn


Stock quote for Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Common Stock (ALSN) - Get real-time last sale and extended hours stock prices, company news, charts, and company ...










Allison Transmission Holdings - Allison Transmission Holdings



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Allison Transmission Holdings



Find Allison Transmission Holdings and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Excite Web Search - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​web+results



Search for What You Are Looking For. Find Quick Results Now.




Allison Transmission Jobs - Now Hiring - Submit an Application.



Ad
 ·
AllisonTransmission.JobHat.com



Now Hiring - Submit an Application. Browse Full & Part Time Positions.





Home



Get a Better Career



Find a New Job



Create An Online Resume





ALSN Stock Predictions | flashratings.com



Ad
 ·
flashratings.com



All Current Analyst Ratings and Price Targets for Allison Transmission



Searches related toallison transmission holdings



new allison transmission price


allison 3000 manual


allison transmission inc


who owns allison transmission



allison 3000 4000 code list


allison troubleshooting guide


allison md3060 specs sheet


allison transmission corporate headqu...




12345Next






Answers







Allison Transmission



Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are...

more






Allison 1000 transmission



The 1000 series (and similar 2000 and 2400 series) is a line of automatic transmissions for on-road trucks. All are 5 or 6-speed electronically...

more






Allison V730



The Allison V730 is a three-speed automatic transmission used in several makes of transit bus including the RTS, Canadian-produced GM New Looks, and...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network























Stuccu: Best Deals on allison transmissions. Up To 70% off!






















Refine by



Store





ebay.com




amazon.com




Quartz




Northern Tool





Price






Refine





Condition





New




Refurbished




Used





Pricing





Buy now




Auction





Free Shipping



















                        Save up to 70% off exclusive deals | Found Deals For ALLISON TRANSMISSIONS







                    The best of Stuccu
                







Hot deal






                80% Off
            

            amazon.com
        



$9.99
$50.00


                GENUINE GM 15243842 Allison Transmission Duramax Brushed Metal Nameplate Emblem
            

Shop now







                42% Off
            

            amazon.com
        



$6.30
$10.99


                Lubegard 60902 Automatic Transmission Fluid Protectant, 10 oz.
            

Shop now







                39% Off
            

            amazon.com
        



$18.07
$30.00


                ATSG ALLISON 1000/2000 Transmission Repair Manual (Allison 1000 Transmission - Allison 1000 Filter - Allison 1000 Internal)
            

Shop now







                32% Off
            

            amazon.com
        



$8.55
$12.63


                Allison External Spin On Filter - 29539579
            

Shop now







                Featured
            

            ebay.com
        



$949.99


                05 Chevrolet GMC 2500HD 3500HD ALLISON 1000 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 01 02 03 04
            

Shop now







                Featured
            

            ebay.com
        



$263.99


                PPE Deep Raw Allison Transmission Pan 01-14 GM 6.6L Duramax Diesel 128051000
            

Shop now




















                    80% Off
                


                    GENUINE GM 15243842 Allison Transmission Duramax Brushed Metal Nameplate Emblem
                

$50.00
$9.99


amazon.com


Shop now








                    42% Off
                


                    Lubegard 60902 Automatic Transmission Fluid Protectant, 10 oz.
                

$10.99
$6.30


amazon.com


Shop now








                    39% Off
                


                    ATSG ALLISON 1000/2000 Transmission Repair Manual (Allison 1000 Transmission - Allison 1000 Filter - Allison 1000 Internal)
                

$30.00
$18.07


amazon.com


Shop now








                    32% Off
                


                    Allison External Spin On Filter - 29539579
                

$12.63
$8.55


amazon.com


Shop now








                    Featured
                


                    05 Chevrolet GMC 2500HD 3500HD ALLISON 1000 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 01 02 03 04
                

$949.99


ebay.com


Shop now








                    Featured
                


                    PPE Deep Raw Allison Transmission Pan 01-14 GM 6.6L Duramax Diesel 128051000
                

$263.99


ebay.com


Shop now





















                    05 Chevrolet GMC 2500HD 3500HD ALLISON 1000 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 01 02 03 04
                



Used                


$949.99
ebay.com










42% Off








                    Lubegard 60902 Automatic Transmission Fluid Protectant, 10 oz.
                



New                

                        -42%
                    


$6.30
$10.99
amazon.com
















                    PPE Deep Raw Allison Transmission Pan 01-14 GM 6.6L Duramax Diesel 128051000
                



New                
Free Shipping


$263.99
ebay.com










32% Off








                    Allison External Spin On Filter - 29539579
                



New                

                        -32%
                    


$8.55
$12.63
amazon.com
















                    Allison 29539579 transmission spin on filter authentic Duramax T1000 1 PACK
                



New                
Free Shipping


$12.90
ebay.com










39% Off








                    ATSG ALLISON 1000/2000 Transmission Repair Manual (Allison 1000 Transmission - Allison 1000 Filter - Allison 1000 Internal)
                



New                

                        -39%
                    


$18.07
$30.00
amazon.com










31% Off







Sold by










                    1 Ton Floor Style Transmission Jack
                



New                
Free Shipping

                        -31%
                    


$2,629.62
$3,828.47
Quartz
















                    TRANSGO ALLISON 1000-2400 Transmission 5 Spd Racing Shift Kit 2001-04 ALLISON SK
                



New                
Free Shipping


$179.95
ebay.com
















                    Genuine Allison Filter Kit - Internal Shallow Filter (29537965) AND External Spin On Filter (29539579)
                



New                
Free Shipping


$45.99
amazon.com
















                    Hein-Werner Automotive 1-Ton Professional Manual Floor-Style Transmission Jack - Model HW93718
                



New                


$1,799.99
Northern Tool
















                    TRANSGO ALLISON 1000 2400 TRANSGO JR TRANSMISSION SHIFT KIT 2005-10 DURAMAX 6 SP
                



New                
Free Shipping


$53.95
ebay.com
















                    ATSG GM Allison 1000 2000 Techtran Transmission Rebuild Manual T1000 T2000
                



New                


$28.94
amazon.com















Sold by










                    Flywheel Locking Tool for 6.6L Duramax
                



New                
Free Shipping


$55.80
Quartz
















                    02 Chevrolet GMC 2500HD 3500HD ALLISON 1000 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 01 02 03 04
                



Used                
Free Shipping


$900.00
ebay.com
















                    Allison Transmission 4th Generation Controls 3000 4000 Product Families
                



Used                


$19.99
amazon.com
















                    CUMMINS ALLISON 2000 TRANSMISSION AND TORQUE 140,000 M  EXCELLENT CONDITION
                



Used                


$695.00
ebay.com










80% Off








                    GENUINE GM 15243842 Allison Transmission Duramax Brushed Metal Nameplate Emblem
                



New                
Free Shipping

                        -80%
                    


$9.99
$50.00
amazon.com










24% Off







Sold by










                    Air Assisted 2,000 lb. Capacity High Lift Transmission Jack for Trucks and Buses
                



New                
Free Shipping

                        -24%
                    


$2,626.02
$3,499.95
Quartz
















                    allison 2000 5spd transmission
                



Used                
Free Shipping


$1,200.00
ebay.com
















                    Allison Filter Kit - 29539579 Screw-on Filter with Magnet - Entire kit for replacing filter on Alison transmission per OEM Specs. True OEM Parts!
                



New                


$17.50
amazon.com
















                    Allison HT740 Transmission Denpendabuilt D29505478
                



Used                


$700.00
ebay.com
















                    ALLISON 29535617 OEM Original Equipment Automatic Transmission Fluid Pan Magnet
                



New                


$8.00
amazon.com
















                    Allison Transmission 2000 Series E004680 New Old Stock (Lot T1)
                



New                


$3,000.00
ebay.com
















                    Allison External Spin On Filter - 29539579 Multipack (Pack of 2)
                



New                


$24.12
amazon.com
















                    ReNEWED 1000 Allison Series Transmission for GMC (1999-2005) w/Duramax Diesel 
                



Refurbished                


$2,495.00
ebay.com
















                    2000 International School Bus Allison AT545 Automatic Transmission Used Rebuild
                



Used                
Free Shipping


$720.00
ebay.com
















                    Swap KIT Cummins 4bt 6bt Allison 1000 transmission with TCM computer and harness
                



Used                
Free Shipping


$1,595.00
ebay.com
















                    03 Chevrolet GMC 2500HD 3500HD ALLISON 1000 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 01 02 04 05
                



Used                


$899.99
ebay.com
















                    2006 2007 6 Speed 4WD Allison 1000 Transmission Silverado Sierra Duramax Diesel
                



Used                


$1,200.00
ebay.com
















                    PPE 2003-2005 GM Duramax 6.6L or Gas 2500-3500 Allison Transmission Cooler
                



New                


$335.00
ebay.com













Show More














Trending Deals Just for you!

Check it out










































Stuccu: Best Deals on . Up To 70% off!
















Toys


                                        ﻿







            ALL TOYS CATEGORIES
        





                                Electronics for Kids
                            





                                LEGO
                            





                                Star Wars
                            







                                Board Games & Puzzles
                            





                                Stuffed Animals & Plush Toys
                            





                                Dolls & Accessories
                            





                                Learning & Education
                            










                            THE TECH GENERATION
                            












                            CUDDLY AND SOFT
                            












                            PLAY AND LEARN
                            












Electronics


                                        ﻿







            ALL ELECTRONICS CATEGORIES
        





                                TV & Video
                            





                                Home Audio & Theater
                            





                                Camera, Photo & Video
                            





                                Cell Phones & Accessories
                            





                                Headphones
                            





                                Video Games
                            





                                Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers
                            







                                Car Electronics
                            





                                Electronics Accessories
                            





                                Wearable Technology
                            





                                Laptops & Tablets
                            





                                Desktops & Monitors
                            





                                Computer Accessories & Peripherals
                            





                                Computer Parts & Components
                            





                                Printers & Ink
                            










                            CAPTURE THE MOMENT
                            












                            SIT BACK AND RELAX
                            












                            GET TECH SAVVY
                            












Books


                                        ﻿







            ALL BOOKS CATEGORIES
        





                                Literature & Fiction
                            





                                Sci-Fi & Fantasy
                            





                                Mystery & Suspense
                            





                                Biographies & Memoirs
                            





                                Arts & Photography
                            





                                Children's Books
                            





                                Food and Drink
                            







                                History
                            





                                Romance
                            





                                Teens & Young
                            





                                Travel & Holiday Guides
                            





                                Graphic Novels, Anime & Manga
                            





                                Dictionaries & Languages
                            





                                Audio Books
                            





                                eBook Readers
                            










                            BE THAT BOOKWORM
                            












                            ENTER A NEW WORLD
                            












                            BEST SELLERS
                            












Musical Instruments


                                        ﻿







            ALL MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS CATEGORIES
        





                                Guitars
                            





                                Keyboards
                            





                                Drums
                            





                                DJ & Karaoke
                            







                                Recording
                            





                                Live Sound
                            





                                Band & Orchestra
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            GROOVY GUITARS
                            












                            MIX IT UP
                            












                            DRUM AWAY
                            












Women's Apparel


                                        ﻿







            ALL WOMEN'S APPAREL CATEGORIES
        





                                Blouses, Tops & Tees
                            





                                Hoodies, Cardigans & Sweatshirts
                            





                                Jeans & Leggings
                            





                                Skirts & Dresses
                            





                                Bags
                            







                                Activewear
                            





                                Swimsuits & Cover Ups
                            





                                Lingerie, Sleep & Lounge
                            





                                Coats, Jackets & Vests
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            ALL IMPORTANT ACCESSORIES
                            












                            CREATE YOUR STYLE
                            












                            FASHION IS YOU
                            












Men's Apparel


                                        ﻿







            ALL MEN'S APPAREL CATEGORIES
        





                                T-shirts & Tops
                            





                                Cardigans & Sweatshirts
                            





                                Jeans & Pants
                            





                                Dresswear
                            





                                Bags & Wallets
                            







                                Activewear
                            





                                Swimsuits
                            





                                Sleepwear & Underwear
                            





                                Coats, Jackets & Vests
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            DAPPER DUDES
                            












                            THROW IT IN THE BAG
                            












                            NEVER SHY OF SHOES
                            












Children's Apparel


                                        ﻿







            ALL CHILDREN'S APPAREL CATEGORIES
        





                                T-shirts & Tops
                            





                                Cardigans & Sweatshirts
                            





                                Jeans & Pants
                            







                                Dresswear
                            





                                Sleepwear
                            





                                Coats, Jackets & Vests
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            SWEET AND STYLISH
                            












                            RUNNING WILD
                            












                            WARM AND SNUG
                            












Home


                                        ﻿







            ALL HOME CATEGORIES
        





                                Kitchen
                            





                                Furniture & Decor
                            





                                Garden
                            







                                Home Improvement
                            





                                Bedroom & Bathroom
                            





                                Lighting
                            





                                Appliances
                            










                            DREAMS CAN COME TRUE
                            












                            TURN DOWN THE LIGHTS
                            












                            FURNITURE FOR THE FAMILY
                            












Sports


                                        ﻿







            ALL SPORTS CATEGORIES
        





                                Clothing
                            





                                Exercise Equipment
                            





                                Hunting & Fishing
                            





                                Team Sports
                            





                                Golf
                            







                                Cycling
                            





                                Water Sports
                            





                                Winter Sports
                            





                                Climbing Accessories
                            





                                Camping & Hiking
                            










                            BE A CHAMPION
                            












                            FEEL INVINCIBLE
                            












                            ADVENTURE AWAITS
                            












Health and Beauty


                                        ﻿







            ALL HEALTH AND BEAUTY CATEGORIES
        





                                For Her
                            





                                For Him
                            





                                Fragrance
                            







                                Make Up
                            





                                Nails
                            





                                Everyday Essentials
                            





                                Hair Removal
                            










                            FIND YOUR SCENT
                            












                            KEEPING YOU HEALTHY
                            












                            MALE GROOMING
                            












Automotive


                                        ﻿







            ALL AUTOMOTIVE CATEGORIES
        





                                Car Care
                            





                                Exterior Accessories
                            





                                Interior Accessories
                            







                                Light & Lighting Accessories
                            





                                Performance Parts & Accessories
                            





                                Replacement Parts
                            





                                Wheels & Tires
                            










                            COMFORT AT ITS BEST
                            












                            SMOOTH DRIVING
                            












                            CAR CARE
                            












Baby Products


                                        ﻿







            ALL BABY PRODUCTS CATEGORIES
        





                                Nursery
                            





                                Clothing
                            





                                Gifts and Toys
                            







                                Strollers
                            





                                Bath
                            





                                Car Seats
                            





                                Travel
                            










                            LOOKING AFTER HEALTH
                            












                            SAFE AND SOUND
                            












                            SPOILED FOR CHOICE!
                            





















Suggestions






                Find deals from over 1000 stores, including:
            























                    Explore
                






                        Products
                    











                        Articles
                    








Everything you love, in one place.
The best products from around the web.
Read all about it!!



﻿








                    Articles
                


                10 Easy Ways to Save Money on Back to School Supplies
            

Back to School
School Supplies



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Tablets for Kids
            

Technology



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                16 College Dorm Products You'll Need to Survive
            

Decorating
College
Bedroom



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Leaper School Bags
            

Backpacks
School



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                13 Quirky Products to Bring Summer to the Office
            

summer
office supplies
school supplies



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Staedtler Pen Sets
            

School Supplies



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Best Smartphones to Buy in 2016
            

smartphone
tech
samsung



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Rio Havaianas
            

Olympics 2016
Rio



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Finding the Best Bike for You
            

bike
fitness
health



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Dry Erase Removable Wall Calendar
            

Dorm Room
Classroom



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                What Every Traveler Needs
            

travel
packing guide
bags



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Epson Printers
            

Printer
Tech



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Whatever Floats your Boat
            

summer
pool floats
outdoors



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Leakproof Lunch Boxes
            

Kitchen
Snacks



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Beach Day Accessories you won't be able to Resist
            

Beach day
summer



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Play Doh 
            

Sensory play
Pre-school



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Marathon Running: The Basic Gear Guide
            

running
health and fitness
marathon



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Rio Olympics Plush Toy Mascots
            

Olympics
Toys
Mascot



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Why I'm Obsessed with Smarthome Tech
            

smarttech
energy efficiency



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Spiral Notebooks
            

Notebooks
School



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                The Practical Gift Guide for Babies
            

baby
presents
newborn



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Epson Label Makers
            

Label
Order



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                eBook Readers for the Book Worm on Vacation
            

kindle
glowlight
kobo aura



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Playground Ball Sets
            

Playground Games



                    Buy now
                



 







































Stuccu: Best Deals on . Up To 70% off!
















            Bringing you the best deals from 
            the stores that you know and love
        



What is Stuccu?

                Stuccu is a website that works together with different sellers so you can buy products at low prices. 
                Our vision is to make Stuccu your first and only stop when it comes to online shopping. 
            

                And if we can make it fun for you, all the better.
            






                    What can we do for you?
                

                    We will search the web and bring you the best offers
                    from major online retailers.
                









                *
            
                Using Stuccu will save you both money and time as you no
                longer need to search through dozens of websites.
                Instead, everything is in one place: Stuccu.

            



*

                We will then direct you to the product pages on the sellers' websites where you can finalize the purchase.
                It's as easy as 1-2-3!
            









                    Any questions?
                

                    If you have any questions, make sure to visit our FAQ page.
                    You can also contact us through the Contact Us 
form on the same page.
                






                If you love us and want to say hi, be sure to follow us on these social networks.
            












32 Camden Lock Place, London, NW1 8AL UK
            




































Stuccu: Best Deals on . Up To 70% off!









    ﻿



Trending Deals going fast 







                        All Trending Deals
                    



                            ﻿






Crocs Mens Santa Cruz 2 Luxe Loafer

Free Shipping                
$24.99






                            ﻿






Russell Athletic Men's Dri-POWER Elite Polo Short Sleeve Premium Golf Shirt

Free Shipping                
$13.95






                            ﻿






Premium Real Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film For iPhone 6 6s 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$0.99






                            ﻿






mophie Desktop Dock for Apple iPhone 5 / 5s / SE - Black or Gold

Free Shipping                
$9.95






                            ﻿






mophie Desktop Dock for iPhone 7/6s/5/5s/SE - Gold

Free Shipping                
$9.95






                            ﻿






$100 Cabela's Gift Card For Only $82! - FREE Mail Delivery

Free Shipping                
$82.00






                            ﻿






Xbox One S 500GB Console - Minecraft Favorites Bundle

Free Shipping                
$199.99






                            ﻿






For iPhone 6 6S 7 / Plus Luxury Ultra Thin Hybrid Slim Hard Case Cover

Free Shipping                
$5.90






                            ﻿






$50 Groupon Gift Card - Extra 10% OFF When you spend $100 or more - Emailed

Free Shipping                
$50.00






                            ﻿






2017 Cheap Mobile Phone Ultra Thin Pocket Mini Phone AIEK M5 Alarm Clock Black

Free Shipping                
$25.00






                            ﻿






MagicGuardz® Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$3.49






                            ﻿






NEW Universal Phone Holder Expanding Stand Grip Pop Mount Pop For Phone Tablets

Free Shipping                
$1.30






                            ﻿






GoPro Hero Session Refurbished

Free Shipping                
$99.99






                            ﻿






Windows 10 Professional Pro 32/64 Bits Authentic Product Key License

Free Shipping                
$4.99






                            ﻿






For iPhone 6 6S 7 / Plus Mosafe® Luxury Ultra Thin Hybrid Slim Hard Case Cover

Free Shipping                
$7.18






                            ﻿






OEM Original Apple Lightning USB 2M 6ft Charger Cable for iPhone7 6S Plus 5S 5

Free Shipping                
$5.99






                            ﻿






Women Long Sleeve Knitted Cardigan Casual Loose Sweater Outwear Coat Sweater

Free Shipping                
$9.99






                            ﻿




19 left




300 LED Fairy String Curtain Ceiling Lights Tree Lamps Party Wedding Home Decor

Free Shipping                
$16.80






                            ﻿






Full Coverage Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector for iPhone 6 / 6S / 6 Plus

Free Shipping                
$3.49






                            ﻿






Women Pencil Stretch Casual Denim Skinny Jeans Pants High Waist Jeans Trousers

Free Shipping                
$7.99






                            ﻿




9 left




Men's Vintage Canvas Schoolbag Satchel Shoulder Messenger Bag Laptop Bags US


$9.99






                            ﻿




49 left




New Women Summer Casual Bandage Bodycon Evening Party Cocktail Short Mini Dress

Free Shipping                
$8.99






                            ﻿






Premium Real Screen Protector Tempered Glass For iPhone 6 6s 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$0.99






                            ﻿






Bluetooth Headset Mini TWS Twins Wireless In-Ear Stereo  Earphones Earbuds ET


$16.59






                            ﻿






Swimwear Women Triangle Bikini Set Bandage Push-Up Swimsuit Bathing Beachwear

Free Shipping                
$13.29






                            ﻿






Women's Bandage Lace Up Backless Vest Blouse Sleeveless Racer Crop Tops T Shirt


$3.99






                            ﻿






New Bike Bicycle Cycling Tool Computer Odometer Speedometer Backlight Good XM


$4.65






                            ﻿






Fashion New Mens Womens Hip Hop Hoodie Print Cotton Sweater Men's Hoodies

Free Shipping                
$9.99






                            ﻿






1pcs 7M DIY Paper Sticky Adhesive Sticker Decorative Scrapbooking Washi Tape Set

Free Shipping                
$1.22






                            ﻿




19 left




300 LED Curtain Icicle String Lights Wedding/Party/Window Decor Xmas Fairy Light

Free Shipping                
$16.99






                            ﻿




7 left




Western Digital WD 4TB My Passport Portable Hard Drive - Orange

Free Shipping                
$7.92






                            ﻿






Sports Silicone Bracelet Wrist Strap Replacement Band for Apple Watch iWatch USA

Free Shipping                
$2.99






                            ﻿






Privacy Anti-Spy Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Shield for 4.7" iPhone 7

Free Shipping                
$3.89






                            ﻿






Luxury Ultra-Thin Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Phones

Free Shipping                
$6.96






                            ﻿






Vintage Natural 13x18mm Indigo Lapis lazuli Silver Leverback Earrings

Free Shipping                
$2.49






                            ﻿






Ultra Thin Slim Hard Case Cover For Apple iPhone 6 6S 7 / Plus + Tempered Glass

Free Shipping                
$4.97






                            ﻿






4 Port Micro USB Power Charging OTG HUB Cable For Smartphone Table Free Shipping

Free Shipping                
$2.67






                            ﻿






Protective Hybrid Shockproof Soft Case Cover For Apple iPhone 7 6S 4.7/5.5" Plus

Free Shipping                
$2.99






                            ﻿




11 left




New 7" RCA Quad Core Voyager Touchscreen 16GB Wifi 1GB 1.2Ghz Android Tablet

Free Shipping                
$19.99






                            ﻿






iPhone 7 & 6s Plus Luxury Slim Hybrid Shockproof Armor Hard Thin Case Back Cover

Free Shipping                
$7.99






                            ﻿






Xbox One S 1 TB Console - Battlefield 1 Special Edition Bundle

Free Shipping                
$239.99






                            ﻿






Fila Men's Memory Maranello 4 Running Shoe

Free Shipping                
$21.99






                            ﻿






Butterfly Pattern PU Leather Wallet Card Stand Case Flip Cover For Samsung Phone

Free Shipping                
$5.89






                            ﻿






8mm Opal Moonstone round gemstone beads stretchable bracelet 7.5"

Free Shipping                
$1.99






                            ﻿




42 left




DZ09 Bluetooth Smart Watch Charm Phone Mate GSM SIM For Android iPhone Samsung

Free Shipping                
$4.27


































Stuccu Diary - Stuccu Diary - for gift ideas, guides, and fun!




































  









Skip to content














Welcome to the Stuccu Diary 
Keep up to date with holidays, events, technology, home decor and DIYs!






17




Little Touches for your Home 






10




The Accessories to Top-off Your Style 






9




4 Irresistibly Cute Baby Gifts 






3




Budget Headphones For Music Buffs 






5




10 Gifts for Dessert Lovers 






5




Keeping it Cool in the Kitchen 






6




Gift Guide for Her 






3




Best Games for the Holiday Season 






1




Christmas Gift Guide for Him 






2




Top Toys to Buy for Christmas 2016 














 


Little Touches for your Home
7 months ago • 0 comments • Home & Garden • 



17


 

You move into a new house, you’re excited and happy, it’s everything you ever dreamed of. Then 2 years flash by and before you know it your beautiful house is no longer everything you wanted. Give it a breathe of fresh-air with these little touches. Rainfall High Pressure Shower Head Limescale builds over time and […]






 


The Accessories to Top-off Your Style
7 months ago • 0 comments • Fashion • 



10


 

Whether you are treating yourself, or looking to buy a gift for someone else, here are the accessories you should be looking at that will add an extra something to anyone’s outfit. ALOV Heart Necklace This beautiful and delicate sterling silver necklace comes with a 45cm long chain. The inscribed message reads: “I love you to […]






 


4 Irresistibly Cute Baby Gifts
7 months ago • 0 comments • Gift Guides • 



9


 

While expecting parents will want the best for their baby, they’ll also be very conscious of cost and are more likely to go for budget friendly options. Which is where baby gifts come in! A baby gift should be both usable, practical, and fun – something that the new family will really appreciate but wouldn’t […]






 


Budget Headphones For Music Buffs
7 months ago • 0 comments • Gift Guides, Technology • 



3


 

Headphones are a must for every music lover. They allow us to leave behind the often noisy world and lose ourselves in a world of sound and music of our liking. Sadly, the headphones that often get the spotlight generally cost well over a hundred dollars. Many are great, amazing even, but we know very […]






 


10 Gifts for Dessert Lovers
7 months ago • 0 comments • Gift Guides • 



5


 

These gifts are perfect for friends with a sweet tooth. We won’t judge if they’re for yourself 😉 1. Ice Cream Maker  Get an old fashioned ice cream maker so you can make your own ice cream, frozen yogurt, or gelato. It can make up to 4 quarts with no manual effort required. The outer […]






 


Keeping it Cool in the Kitchen
8 months ago • 0 comments • Home & Garden • 



5


 

The kitchen is often overlooked as a place to decorate in the home. While you may not be able to hang paintings on the walls, you can add some kitchen utensils that will accentuate your kitchen and be great conversation starters. Spartan Knife Holder         Made from high quality laminated birch wood.         Size: 6” wide x […]






 


Gift Guide for Her
8 months ago • 0 comments • Gift Guides • 



6


 

We all know the feeling. Excitement because you’re invited to a party but dread because now you’ll need to buy a gift. Gift buying is always a challenge unless you know the person really well. It is the cause of fruitless hours spent browsing through stores to find the perfect gift. If you’re clueless about […]






 


Best Games for the Holiday Season
8 months ago • 0 comments • Entertainment • 



3


 

Holiday season is all about spending quality time with the family. Problem is it may get a little boring after a while which is why when you see a lull in the conversation you whip out the games! Minions Pie Face Pie Face is back with a Minions version! Stick your head in the cutout, […]






 


Christmas Gift Guide for Him
8 months ago • 0 comments • Gift Guides, Holidays • 



1


 

It can be so hard to know what to get guys as gifts. Which is why we’ve researched it and come up with the Christmas gift guide for him – featuring trending gifts for guys this Christmas! Having to buy gifts for everyone can get expensive so if you’re tight on a budget or are […]






 


Top Toys to Buy for Christmas 2016
9 months ago • 0 comments • Gift Guides, Holidays • 



2


 

Christmas is coming and the hunt for gifts begins! If you’re looking to buy a gift for kids, and kids that have not already made their Christmas wish clear, here are some of this year’s bestselling top toys that are bound to spread cheer and joy. Top Play Pets Furreal is back with this bestselling […]









About



				Stuccu diary is the part of Stuccu dedicated to interacting with our customers. We want to interact with, and to get to know our customers a little better. We want to know what you enjoy reading about, what you want to read about, and your opinions on what we write. We are open to hearing whatever you have to say! Just leave us a comment!			
Recent PostsLittle Touches for your Home7 months agoThe Accessories to Top-off Your Style7 months ago4 Irresistibly Cute Baby Gifts7 months agoBudget Headphones For Music Buffs7 months ago10 Gifts for Dessert Lovers7 months agoKeeping it Cool in the Kitchen8 months agoMost Commented PostsHome Organization for $10 or Less9 commentsIt's Here: The Top Ten Toys of 20158 comments10 Home Decorating Ideas to Renew your Home this Fall7 commentsThe Secret to Buying Makeup Online7 comments5 Tips for Buying Jewelry Online6 commentsMarathon Running: The Basic Gear Guide4 commentsMost Loved PostsLittle Touches for your Home17 lovesIt's Here: The Top Ten Toys of 201512 lovesThe Accessories to Top-off Your Style10 lovesDIY Home Decor: Create your own Italian Palace9 lovesProducts that will make your Kitchen Fun9 loves4 Irresistibly Cute Baby Gifts9 lovesTagsamazon echo
back to school sales
bedroom decorating ideas
Black Friday
Books
Budget
Christmas
Cooking
Cyber Monday
diy home decor
England
fashion
fashion trends
fathers day
For Him
France
gift
gift guide
Gifts
gift store
how to start running
independence day
iPhone
jewelry
Kindle
LG
men fashion
Musical Instruments
Playstation 4
presents
Samsung
Scotland
Smartphones
Sony
Summer
Super Bowl
Sweden
Thanksgiving
Travel
Valentine's
Valentine’s Day
Watch
Winter
workout at home
Xbox One



















	Allison Transmission Home









































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission





















Improve Your Fuel Economy With Advanced Shifting Technology
Learn How












Industry Leading.
Award Winning.
Experience the TC10®











Quickly compare Allison Automatics to AMTs
Do The Math












The Allison Transmission Mobile App is Now Available.
Learn More











UP TO 20% BETTER FUEL ECONOMY
READ MORE











How can Tractors get 5% better fuel economy?
Find Out How










View Applications






Transit + City Bus




Tractor




Construction




Distribution




Fire + Emergency




Refuse




Coach




Municipal + Service




School Bus




Agriculture




RV + Motorhome




Specialty




Mining




Energy




Port Services




Defense













		Allison TC10® to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt models this year
	








(?)




















 
            Fully automatic transmission for Class 8 tractors will be available from PACCAR later this year in the Kenworth T680 and T880, and Peterbilt 567 and 579.  
          
Full Story



Newsroom Media Resources






1
2
3





Sales + Service Locator Find an Allison authorized service facility near you.   Find a facility 


Allison + Odyne Learn more  


Hear why customers love us   Saddle Creek 







My Transmission Find the technical information and factory resources for your Allison transmission. Search My Transmission












Investor Relations





Current as of
Visit Investor Relations




















Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























	Allison Transmission Home









































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission





















Improve Your Fuel Economy With Advanced Shifting Technology
Learn How












Industry Leading.
Award Winning.
Experience the TC10®











Quickly compare Allison Automatics to AMTs
Do The Math












The Allison Transmission Mobile App is Now Available.
Learn More











UP TO 20% BETTER FUEL ECONOMY
READ MORE











How can Tractors get 5% better fuel economy?
Find Out How










View Applications






Transit + City Bus




Tractor




Construction




Distribution




Fire + Emergency




Refuse




Coach




Municipal + Service




School Bus




Agriculture




RV + Motorhome




Specialty




Mining




Energy




Port Services




Defense













		Allison TC10® to be available in Kenworth and Peterbilt models this year
	








(?)




















 
            Fully automatic transmission for Class 8 tractors will be available from PACCAR later this year in the Kenworth T680 and T880, and Peterbilt 567 and 579.  
          
Full Story



Newsroom Media Resources






1
2
3





Sales + Service Locator Find an Allison authorized service facility near you.   Find a facility 


Allison + Odyne Learn more  


Hear why customers love us   Saddle Creek 







My Transmission Find the technical information and factory resources for your Allison transmission. Search My Transmission












Investor Relations





Current as of
Visit Investor Relations




















Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Allison Transmission (@AllisonTrans) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Allison Transmission



@AllisonTrans












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
213
            



Following
Following
153



Followers
Followers
1,584



Likes
Likes
152

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @AllisonTrans

Mute @AllisonTrans



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Allison Transmission



@AllisonTrans


Allison Transmission is the world’s largest manufacturer of fully automatic commercial-duty transmissions, and is a leader in hybrid-propulsion systems.







 
    allisontransmission.com
  




Joined June 2009












                
                120 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @AllisonTrans
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @AllisonTrans
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Allison Transmission followed
        





















Pinned Tweet







Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

May 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Race month is here and we decided to kick it off with a race of our own. #GreatestCityInRacing #Indy500pic.twitter.com/MkjKm5KJtP



















0 replies




9 retweets




17 likes








Reply










Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


17





Liked


17










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Allison Transmission Retweeted FOX Sports Arizona

Anyone interested in purchasing an Allison-equipped truck from Diamondbacks pitcher @BigCountry1739?https://twitter.com/FOXSPORTSAZ/status/888944637179707393 …

Allison Transmission added,











2:11






FOX Sports ArizonaVerified account @FOXSPORTSAZ

Learned in this Mic'd Up:
* @bigcountry1739 selling truck; tweet him if interested
* Say please
* Torey wants nothing to do w/ gutting bunny pic.twitter.com/IaIG3FSe50









0 replies




2 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







CONEXUS_IN‏ @CONEXUS_IN

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Conexus launches @INvetsIndiana @IIB @GerryDick @subaru_usa @AllisonTrans @HondaInAmerica @ToyotaIndiana @Faureciahttp://www.insideindianabusiness.com/clip/13518169/conexus-indiana-launches-invets …









0 replies




6 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Shout out to our summer interns for organizing a kickball game against their mentors! Everyone had a lot of fun!pic.twitter.com/oQVTroEbIM



































0 replies




0 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Customers from Russia recently visited the Allison plant and ACE center in Szentgotthárd, Hungary.pic.twitter.com/Q1ld1Sh96Z






























0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







RixNewsWire‏ @RixNewsWire

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Allison Transmission announces promotion of G. Frederick Bohley to Vice President, Finance and ... - @AllisonTrans http://rixnewswire.com/index.php/2017/07/18/allison-transmission-announces-promotion-of-g-frederick-bohley-to-vice-president-finance-and-treasurer/ …pic.twitter.com/nL63Xdguwb
















0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







Mass Transit Network‏ @MassTransit_Net

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New @MercedesBenz city #bus is equipped with a fully automatic @AllisonTrans.http://bit.ly/2uckInB 









0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







SOE‏ @SOEngineers

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







At #IRTESkills awards show @WilliamsRacing conference centre will be our wonderful sponsors @BridgestoneCV @ADLbus @AllisonTrans #Groeneveldpic.twitter.com/HsLaD2xDNn
















0 replies




3 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







With FuelSense 2.0, you can gain more precise balancing of fuel economy & performance for your fleet. Learn more at http://bit.ly/2rbB3nF .pic.twitter.com/I3xbeV42q7



















0 replies




1 retweet




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jul 4






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







To all of our friends celebrating their freedom this month, may your #IndependenceDay celebrations be truly spectacular.pic.twitter.com/PHPzsczOSE



















0 replies




0 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jul 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We’re rewarding loyalty. Now through July 7, orders over $25 USD at http://allison.corpmerchandise.com  receive FREE SHIPPING!pic.twitter.com/6haLY8g9Je
















0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“It’s a more user-friendly truck,” -Assistant Fire Chief J. P. Duncan http://ow.ly/PhsX30d7mqh 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jun 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our interns had a great time this week at the Ride and Drive! #AllisonTestTrackpic.twitter.com/cLdwO3Kmfx
















0 replies




0 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







Global Magirus‏ @GlobalMagirus

Jun 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Global Magirus Retweeted GP&S Global Projects

Bonita Team Cab #Magirus en @alcorconbombero.
#Magirus caja automatica @AllisonTrans deja la boca abierta, hay que acelerar en las bajadas https://twitter.com/globalssupplies/status/877260239623553024 …

Global Magirus added,


































GP&S Global Projects @globalssupplies

Probamos las nuevas lanzas automáticas Leader de piston deslizante. Gracias a todos los asistentes. @globalssupplies @alcorconbombero pic.twitter.com/RWaCXsBUlw









0 replies




5 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







encamion‏ @encamion

Jun 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@AllisonTrans equipa con sus transmisiones los primeros vehículos #DualFuel de recogida de residuos
https://goo.gl/P9sR8L pic.twitter.com/9oXZaHjAJB
















0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







IMPD‏Verified account @IMPDnews

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







IMPD and @IFD_NEWS join Indy Backpack Attack to get the necessary school supplies to city's youth. Thx to @IndMembersCU @AllisonTranspic.twitter.com/QuYfgDuBeL



































0 replies




9 retweets




32 likes








Reply










Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


32





Liked


32










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







How do we show our customers that an Allison Automatic is superior? Check out our ACE Center in #Hungary.pic.twitter.com/VN244fxUPb



















0 replies




1 retweet




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jun 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







New Allison gear is here! Check out the redesigned merchandise store. FREE SHIPPING w/ code “NEW2017” through 6/16! http://bit.ly/2sltyyI pic.twitter.com/PHt3cHHgSH



















0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Allison Transmission Retweeted
            







IDEM News‏Verified account @idemnews

Jun 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Commissioner Pigott spoke today at the Partners for Pollution quarterly meeting at @AllisonTrans. Learn more: http://bit.ly/2sYtsKu pic.twitter.com/BVJsl71Oa5
















0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jun 9






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“It’s really a win/win for us if we can find these folks...and bring them on board at Allison.”-Turner http://ow.ly/N1jt30csmUD  @CONEXUS_IN









0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Allison Transmission‏ @AllisonTrans

Jun 8






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Here is one of two ways UK bus technicians and apprentices are competing in #IRTESkills Challenge. Good luck! http://ow.ly/CBhP30cqY4T pic.twitter.com/KY6aMjyMoJ
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @AllisonTrans hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user



























Allison Transmission - Wikipedia






















 






Allison Transmission

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (October 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Allison Transmission





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ALSN


Founded
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. 1915


Founder
James A. Allison


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.


Revenue
US$1.840 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$451.5 million (2016)[1]



Net income

US$214.9 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
US$4.219 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
US$1.080 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

2,600 (2016)[1]


Website
www.allisontransmission.com


Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana, Chennai, India, and Szentgotthard, Hungary.[2] 


Contents


1 History
2 Timeline

2.1 1940s
2.2 1960s
2.3 1970s
2.4 1980s
2.5 1990s
2.6 2000s


3 Products

3.1 Past Products
3.2 Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])
3.3 Current Commercial Products by Model[27]


4 Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients
5 References
6 External links

6.1 Hybrid Buses





History[edit]
Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.[3]
When World War I began, Allison suspended racing, and the Allison Experimental Company began machining parts, tools and masters for the Liberty airplane engine — the main power plant used in the US war effort. After the war, Allison entered a car in the 1919 Indy 500 and won. It was the last race Allison’s team ever entered as he turned his company’s attention to aviation engineering. The company’s expertise in aviation was the major factor in General Motors decision to buy the company following Jim Allison’s death in 1928.[4][5][6]
Shortly after the sale to General Motors in 1929, Allison engineers began work on a 12-cylinder engine to replace the aging Liberty engines. The result was the V1710 12-cylinder aircraft engine and it made the company, now known as the Allison Engine Company, a major force in aviation.[7]
Toward the end of World War II, General Motors formed Allison Transmission to put the engineers’ expertise to work in a new field — power transmissions for tracked military vehicles. The new division developed a transmission combining range change, steering and braking.[8][9]
After WWII, Allison Transmission turned its attention to civilian transportation. Allison designed, developed and manufactured the first-ever automatic transmissions for heavy-duty vehicles including delivery trucks, city buses, and locomotives.[9][10]
Timeline[edit]
1940s[edit]

1949—Allison begins production of CD-850 tank transmission, division’s most historically significant transmission[10]
December 1949—First rail car transmission is produced; installed in the Budd Rail Car

1960s[edit]

October 1960—First Allison XT-1410-2 transmission is produced[11]
June 1961—Allison announces MT Series transmissions
July 1962—Allison TT-2000 Hydro Powershift transmission is introduced
March 1965—Introduction of dual path DP-8000, largest single-package Allison Powershift transmission to date
July 1966—Allison announces new DP-8960 for large off-highway trucks[citation needed]
November 1966—Lithium-chlorine fuel cell is unveiled[citation needed]
October 1967—First prototype of the Allison-equipped U.S. Army main battle tank is unveiled in Washington, D.C.[12][13]
February 1969—Allison introduces electric gearshift control system for off-highway vehicles
July 1969--Apollo 11 astronauts make man’s first landing on the moon; propellant tanks built by Allison are part of the Service Module[14]

1970s[edit]

September 1970—Merge with Detroit Diesel Engine to form Detroit Diesel Allison Division, headquarters in Detroit
January 1971—Allison introduces first 4-speed automatic transmission for 72,000 lb (33,000 kg). GVW highway vehicles; Allison model HT-740[citation needed]
April 1973—First fully automatic transmission for large trucks, scrapers and other types of heavy-duty off-highway vehicles is introduced; Allison model CLBT 750
1974—First European office is established[citation needed]

1980s[edit]

October 1982—A new generation heavy-duty automatic transmission, the Allison DP 8962, is announced; incorporates over 15 new technology internal changes[citation needed]
May 1983—GM sells Allison Gas Turbine Division; Allison becomes part of newly formed GM Power Products and Defense Operations Group[15]
June 1986—First X200 military transmission is released[16]
December 1987—Detroit Diesel Allison becomes Allison Transmission, Division of General Motors[citation needed]

1990s[edit]

February 1991—Allison introduces electronically controlled World Transmissions
November 1995—Allison adopts lean manufacturing principles and begins implementing Allison Production System (APS), a cellular manufacturing system; some 10,000 machines and support equipment are re-arranged through all plants
1999--Hybrid bus program is demonstrated for New York City Transit Authority[citation needed]
June 1999—Allison introduces 1000 Series and 2000 Series fully automatic transmissions[citation needed]

2000s[edit]

2000--Hybrid electric program is launched[citation needed]
September 2000—Test Track 2000 is first customer ride and drive simulating real-world operating conditions; held at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida[citation needed]
January 2001—Allison unveils first-of-its-kind parallel hybrid technology
November 2003—Allison's Ultimate Truck Driving Adventure takes ride and drive experience to extremes in the high desert of Nevada
November 2003—Allison Vocational Models are released to better serve specific applications
May 2005--Shanghai Customization Center is opened
June 2007—GM announced that it was selling Allison Transmission to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation, in a deal valued at $5.6 billion.[17] The transaction closed on August 7, 2007.
2008—Allison introduces on-board prognostics on model-year 2009 automatic transmissions
2009—Allison took an approximately 10% stake in U.K.-based Torotrak[18]manufacturer of Infinitely variable transmissions (IVT).


2010-Manufacturing plant opened in Chennai, India also establishing regional headquarters with executive, marketing and sales offices[citation needed]
June 2010-Allison dedicates a new hybrid manufacturing plant in Indianapolis, Indiana.[19]


March 15, 2012 Initial public offering of 26.3 million shares of Allison Transmission stock at $23/share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN.[20]
October 27, 2013 Allison 10-speed TC10 transmission available for order at Navistar[21][22]
Current revenues were at $1.985 Billion a decrease from 2014. [23]

Products[edit]
Past Products[edit]

Allison V transmission—VH, VH2, VH4, VH5, VH6, VH7, VH9, VS1, VS2-6, VS2-8, V730, V731, VR731, VR731RH
Allison MH marine reverse and reduction gear
Allison AT transmission—AT540, AT542, AT543, AT545
Allison MT transmission—MT640, MT643, MT644, MT647, MT648, MT650, MT653DR, MT654CR, MTB643, MTB644, MTB647, MTB648, MTB653DR, MTB654CR, MT30, MT41, MT42
Allison HT transmission—HT740D, HT740RS, HT741, HT746, HT747, HT748, HTB748, HT750CRD, HT750DRD, HT754CRD, HT755CRD, HT755DRD, HTB755CRD, HTB755DRD
Allison World Transmission—MD3060, MD3060P, MD3560, MD3560P, MD3066, MD3066P, HD4060, HD4060P, HD4560, HD4560P

Current Products by Application[24] (As of 2011[update])[edit]

Bus Series including school buses
Emergency Vehicle Series
Highway Series
Hybrid Bus Series[25]
Motorhome Series
Oil Field Series
Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series
Rugged Duty Series
Specialty Series
Tractor Series
Truck RV Series
Military Products[26]

Current Commercial Products by Model[27][edit]

1000 Series
2000 Series
3000 Series
4000 Series
TC10
Torqmatic Series
Off Highway Series (5000, 6000, 8000, and 9000)

Hybrid Bus Series Transit Clients[edit]
GM-Allison debuted the hybrid technology for transit buses in 2003. Through 2011, it intends to introduce 16 hybrid models.[28]
In 2008, the number of GM-Allison hybrid buses are more than 2,700 units in 81 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe.[28] This includes:

Translink (Vancouver)
Dresden, Germany
King County Metro Transit Authority
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority
Minneapolis-Saint Paul Metro Transit
Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
Regional Transportation District Denver, CO
Maryland Transit Administration
Indianapolis Public Transportation Corporation
Chicago Transit Authority

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ALSN/financials?p=ALSN
^ Allison Transmission Company Overview Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History Archived 2010-10-25 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1910-1919 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission History 1920-1929 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Wikipedia.org-Allison Engine Company
^ Allison Transmission History 1930-1939 Archived 2009-10-15 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2011-07-07. Retrieved 2010-08-22. 
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1950-1959 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Allison Transmission History 1940-1949 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Allison Transmission Publication SA5938EN (2010/07)
^ M551
^ Allison Transmission History 1960-1969 Archived 2011-07-07 at the Wayback Machine.
^ The Apollo Spacecraft: Status Report #2 (film). NASA. 1966. Event occurs at 5:23. 
^ Answers.com-Allison Gas Turbine Division
^ United Defense M113 History
^ Reuters/Yahoo! News: "GM selling Allison for $5.6 billion," 2007-06-28[permanent dead link]
^ SAE Off-Highway Engineering Online: "Greater efficiency drives demand for automated transmissions" 2009-04-29
^ Truckinginfo.com 6/30/2010 Allison Dedicates New Hybrid Manufacturing Plant
^ Allison Transmission Prices Initial Public Offering
^ Allison TC10
^ New Allison TC10 Tractor Transmission Available for Order at Navistar
^ "Revenue, EPS, & Dividend - Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (ALSN) - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved 2016-09-30. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products". Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Commercial Products > Hybrid Bus". Archived from the original on 30 August 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Allison Transmission > Military > Current Military Programs". Archived from the original on 3 September 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Commercial Transmissions 1000 Series". Archived from the original on 6 October 2011. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ a b "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2008-05-12. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 


External links[edit]


Buses portal



Allison Transmission Official site

Hybrid Buses[edit]

Hybrid buses will save an estimated 2.4 million US gallons (9,100 m3) of fuel annually in Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Minneapolis/St. Paul
Low-Emissions Hybrid Buses.







v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal






Coordinates: 39°46′46.92″N 86°14′12.39″W﻿ / ﻿39.7797000°N 86.2367750°W﻿ / 39.7797000; -86.2367750




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Allison_Transmission&oldid=790173891"					
Categories: Auto parts suppliers of the United StatesAutomotive transmission makersCompanies based in IndianapolisTrucking industry in the United StatesHybrid electric bus manufacturers2012 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock Exchange2007 acquisitionsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles needing cleanup from October 2008All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles without a reason field from October 2008Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from October 2008Articles lacking in-text citations from August 2010All articles lacking in-text citationsPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statementsCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БеларускаяDeutschEspañolفارسیNederlands日本語Svenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 01:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






