




AlphaStar Capital Management |










































































 







Search for:








Skip to content






                    		Event Registration
                        














AlphaStar Capital Management



















 





 





Learn More


 


 



















-->


            

        




























Pathways | AlphaStar Capital Management













































































 







Search for:








Skip to content






                    		Event Registration
                        














AlphaStar Capital Management

























Pathways
››› High Intensity Advisor Training Program






 









Coaching Tailored To Your Business
AlphaStar’s Pathways is a comprehensive, personalized training program designed to quickly and efficiently educate, guide, and support newly securities licensed Investment Advisors to their first $1 million in assets under management.













A Guided Approach
Knowledge builds confidence; we thoroughly and continually educate Advisors on practical material that is regularly used in everyday business activity













A Guided Approach
Hands on sales training with an AlphaStar advisor consultant dedicated to helping you develop the skills and practices necessary to build a successful advisory business













A Guided Approach
Partnership and entry into Pathways gets you a personal business consultant, tailored sales coaching, professional investment management, and expert operations and compliance support.














Success
GUARANTEE
If you follow our process and do not acquire $1 million of managed AUM by the end of the Pathways program then we will refund half of your total affiliation fees.





 












Educational Material

15% discount on Series 65 study material through TestTeachers Online
Hardcopy of Pathways training manual
Online webinars, market updates, securities information, and quizzes







Sales Training

In-person, 3-day training session at AlphaStar
Extensive online training materials
Webinars, conference calls, strategy, roll plays
Pre-approved marketing material including: brochures, flyers, mailers, presentations, seminar guides, and more







Advisor Support

Complete back office marketing, operations, and compliance support
Cutting edge technology, CRM system, account monitoring, electronic document signing and submittal
Readily available expert service team





Contact an AlphaStar Advisor Consultant











Name *

Email *

Company 

Phone 

Address *











				






If you have any trouble registering, please contact:
Brooks Riley
Email: Brooks.Riley@alphastarcm.com













































Contact Us | AlphaStar Capital Management












































































 







Search for:








Skip to content






                    		Event Registration
                        














AlphaStar Capital Management
























Contact Us 





                    AlphaStar Capital Management is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser.  Independent Financial Advisors affiliate with our firm to provide their clients with guidance on retirement planning, investing and insurance planning.  We are fiduciaries to our clients.
                

                    We serve the financial advisor by providing access to a team of experts.
                


A team of CFP’s to help advisors develop full financial plans and analysis for clients
A retail trade desk
Access to internal and external money managers
Multiple custodial platforms
Back off service and support
Access to other advisors for collaboration
Full service compliance


                    We make the advisors life and business easier.  We do all the heavy lifting for advisors so they can focus on their clients.  We partner with other RIA’s as well as completely affiliate advisors to our firm.  Affiliation preserves full flexibility of the advisors business.   We offer solicitors agreements as well as sub-advisory agreements.
                

                    Bottom line – if you are looking to streamline and grow your business, we should talk.





 

 





AlphaStar Capital Management


                    19520 W Catawba Ave
                    Suite 112 
                    Cornelius, NC 28031
                

                    P: 855-340-2514
support@alphastarcm.com

 


Contact an AlphaStar Advisor Consultant











Name *

Email *

Company 

Phone 

Message *











				












































AlphaStar Portal
























































 


















Sign in





Forgot Username/Password? | www.alphastarcm.com

                                Copyright © 2011 - 2017 AlphaStar Capital Management. All rights reserved.
                            


 











  Recover Username/Password







                                        Please enter your registered email address below:
                                    








{{PWRequest.Error}}




Submit




Thank you.  An email has been sent to {{PWRequest.Email}} containing your username and instructions to change your password.

OK

















Our Mission | AlphaStar Capital Management












































































 







Search for:








Skip to content






                    		Event Registration
                        














AlphaStar Capital Management
























Our Mission 





                    AlphaStar’s mission is to lead the next generation of Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) firms by providing unparalleled service & support to our Investment Advisor Representatives in the field.
                


Meet the team





































Services | AlphaStar Capital Management












































































 







Search for:








Skip to content






                    		Event Registration
                        














AlphaStar Capital Management
























Services 



AlphaStar offers a wide range of services that help simplify and accelerate your business.  See below to find out how.




CLICK A TOPIC TO LEARN MORE
Coaching ProgramsWhether you have been in the business for years or just getting started, we have a coaching program built to help you grow your business. For new advisors coming into the business (or less than $1M AUM) we offer a full training program that provides industry, product, process, and systems training to get you on the right path! For advisors that have grown a good book of business we offer access to industry, coaches to further hone your process and explore new ways to enhance your business.
Functional ComplianceOur compliance team is here to help protect your business in the most efficient way possible. Not only do our advisors have the best technology allowing quick response online ad review and compliance meetings, social media and website monitoring but we also offer a personal touch to learn about your personal business model and help you protect yourself by doing business the right way.
Marketing Support/CreationAlphaStar has created different presentation systems that are tailored to our investment solutions and designed for use with prospective clients. We supply pre-approved materials designed to assist you in the sales process - including fact sheets on each portfolio model. We have designed a client assessment guide and client brochure that work together to set expectations. We provide powerful content for our advisors to use on social media outlets. This just names a few of the marketing options and creations we have readily available.
TechnologyEvery form needed to open and maintain an account with us is setup on DocuSign. All of your ad review, compliance notifications, and end of year compliance meetings are all online and easy to use. Most importantly, we have developed a single sign-on into our advisor portal to access advisor resources and all client account information and performance in one spot.
ACM DirectWe have created AlphaStar Direct to help support advisors who are in growth mode and want to gently release the smaller accounts they have in order to free up time and resources to gain larger clients. We have an in-house advisor that can take over these accounts for you.
Research and Investment TeamAlphaStar Capital Management provides professional asset management that gives confidence and resources to better serve your clients and expand your business. These investment services are extensive and include: research, portfolio construction, trading, rebalancing, and portfolio administration functions.
"Yes We Can" ServiceEach day you probably face personal and business challenges that impact the future of what you have worked so hard to build. We want to provide the answers you are looking for to grow your business.
Solution Sales TrainingAlphaStar has developed a full scale training program designed to get you to start gathering assets and building your recurring revenue stream quickly and efficiently.





Contact Us for more information


Asset Management









































Services | AlphaStar Capital Management












































































 







Search for:








Skip to content






                    		Event Registration
                        














AlphaStar Capital Management
























Services 



AlphaStar offers a wide range of services that help simplify and accelerate your business.  See below to find out how.




CLICK A TOPIC TO LEARN MORE
Coaching ProgramsWhether you have been in the business for years or just getting started, we have a coaching program built to help you grow your business. For new advisors coming into the business (or less than $1M AUM) we offer a full training program that provides industry, product, process, and systems training to get you on the right path! For advisors that have grown a good book of business we offer access to industry, coaches to further hone your process and explore new ways to enhance your business.
Functional ComplianceOur compliance team is here to help protect your business in the most efficient way possible. Not only do our advisors have the best technology allowing quick response online ad review and compliance meetings, social media and website monitoring but we also offer a personal touch to learn about your personal business model and help you protect yourself by doing business the right way.
Marketing Support/CreationAlphaStar has created different presentation systems that are tailored to our investment solutions and designed for use with prospective clients. We supply pre-approved materials designed to assist you in the sales process - including fact sheets on each portfolio model. We have designed a client assessment guide and client brochure that work together to set expectations. We provide powerful content for our advisors to use on social media outlets. This just names a few of the marketing options and creations we have readily available.
TechnologyEvery form needed to open and maintain an account with us is setup on DocuSign. All of your ad review, compliance notifications, and end of year compliance meetings are all online and easy to use. Most importantly, we have developed a single sign-on into our advisor portal to access advisor resources and all client account information and performance in one spot.
ACM DirectWe have created AlphaStar Direct to help support advisors who are in growth mode and want to gently release the smaller accounts they have in order to free up time and resources to gain larger clients. We have an in-house advisor that can take over these accounts for you.
Research and Investment TeamAlphaStar Capital Management provides professional asset management that gives confidence and resources to better serve your clients and expand your business. These investment services are extensive and include: research, portfolio construction, trading, rebalancing, and portfolio administration functions.
"Yes We Can" ServiceEach day you probably face personal and business challenges that impact the future of what you have worked so hard to build. We want to provide the answers you are looking for to grow your business.
Solution Sales TrainingAlphaStar has developed a full scale training program designed to get you to start gathering assets and building your recurring revenue stream quickly and efficiently.





Contact Us for more information


Asset Management






































Alphastar Capital Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























alphastar capital management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Alphastar Capital Management, LLC provides investment management services. The Company offers portfolio management, investment advisory, and consulting services. Alphastar Capital Management serves its clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

19520 West Catawba Avenue
Suite 312B
Cornelius, NC 28031
United States


Phone:
1-704-237-5442


Fax:
1-704-237-5443


Web url:
www.alphastarcm.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































﻿

Clients: Welcome To AlphaStar





















learn more














Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/financial-advisors/firm/alphastar-capital-management-llc-157423" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501042764.aab7be5

















Mayes Financial |





























Skip to main content













   
 








DIRECT: 208.475.1342 TOLL FREE: 800.980.1616







Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter





 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 






 


What is


?



It's how the people at Mayes Financial go far beyond lip service or merely going through the motions. It is about exceeding expectations. It is passionate, persistent and results-focused service with responsible and caring follow through.


See Tenacious Caring In Action
RSVP To Our 2017 Rodeo Event!



 



 
 










Mayes Financial





 






 
 
 

 
















Investment Advisory Services offered through AlphaStar Capital Management, LLC a SEC Registered Investment Adviser. SEC registration does not constitute an endorsement of the firm by the Commission nor does it indicate that the adviser has attained a particular level of skill or ability. AlphaStar Capital Management, LLC and Mayes Financial, LLC are independent entities. The firm only transacts business in states where it is properly registered, or is excluded or exempted from registration requirements. Insurance products and services are offered through individually licensed and appointed agents in various jurisdictions.
Mayes Financial, LLC does not offer legal or tax advice.
TERMS OF USE
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER





See Accreditation




 
 



 

Top  

 
 












 About Us - The Bravias Financial Team
































































  TOLL FREE: 800.570.0720



 







 
















Bravias FinancialIt's Our Pleasure To Serve YouBravias FinancialAbout
Our Values



Our company was founded on the principle that a comprehensive understanding of one’s financial situation is essential to making informed decisions. We educate our clients on the key issues they will face today, and in retirement; creating guaranteed lifetime income, protecting wealth in any economy, and managing risk. Once they understand their situation better, we guide them towards the solutions they need to achieve financial peace of mind.
The Bravias Financial team is comprised of a unique group of individuals with a variety of specialties in the financial services industry. Together we work to offer customized solutions to help grow and protect your wealth. Through comprehensive wealth planning based on customized investment strategies and risk management products, Bravias Financial is uniquely qualified to help you achieve your goals.









Rich ZeitzPresidentRich Zeitz is the Founder and President of Bravias Financial. Originally from the Philadelphia area, he graduated from Penn State University in 1994 with a B.A. in Communications. He has worked in the financial services industry for 20+ years and has extensive knowledge in retirement planning, investment management and insurance planning. He specializes in developing financial strategies that help clients create a reliable income stream they can’t outlive, while working towards growing and protecting their investment portfolios along the way. Rich has always believed in education and he takes pride in helping his clients make well-informed decisions, allowing them to better understand and control their financial situation.
Rich, like his firm, remains completely independent. “Bravias is not owned by a bank, brokerage firm or insurance company. This independence allows us to do what we feel is best for each client.” He started Bravias Financial in 2008 to help guide investors on the path towards financial security. “As an independent financial advisory firm, we represent our clients rather than any one particular company. This independence is vital in delivering objective advice.” Through the years, Rich has built an excellent reputation helping people achieve a more meaningful financial future. His holistic approach to planning is designed to address all possible financial concerns and help clients truly achieve the financial future they imagine and deserve.
Rich specializes in Federal and Postal employee benefits and retirement planning and has successfully completed an intensive training course and rigorous examination covering all Federal and Postal employee benefits. He provides thorough financial education and guidance to these individuals in all aspects of their career, and advises them on how to reach their retirement goals within the Federal benefits system.

Steve Osterink, Jr. CFA, CFP, AIFChief Investment OfficerAlphaStar Capital Management
Steve’s industry experience spans 15 years and his deep knowledge and investment management expertise continue to benefit to Bravias Financial and the clients we serve. Steve and his team have developed a series of industry leading investment solutions that are distributed through select investment advisors across the country. His primary roles include investment strategy, market and economic research as well as investment manager due diligence. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® charter, the Certified Financial Planner® certification and the Accredited Investment Fiduciary® designation.Kevin BurtonDirector of Business DevelopmentAlphastar Capital Management
Kevin has an extensive financial services background across multiple focuses from financial planning to portfolio strategy. He has a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a double major in Finance and Risk Management & Insurance from Appalachian State University. At AlphaStar, he helps develop and implement goal-based, managed financial solutions for our clients. With expertise in capital markets and investment management, he is able to extend his passion for finance and hold true to the fiduciary reasonability of doing what is best for clients.Val MajewskiFederal Employee Benefits SpecialistAmerican Benefits Exchange
As a specialist in Federal benefits, Val assists in analyzing Federal and Postal employee benefits, as well as developing strategies aimed at helping these employees reach a more secure retirement. He began his insurance career in 2009 with Bankers Life & Casualty, dealing mostly with Medicare supplements, long-term care insurance, and final expense insurance. Before getting into financial services, Majewski played 11 seasons as a professional baseball player, spending one season with the Baltimore Orioles in 2004.Wesley TannerAnnuity SpecialistFinancial Independence Group
With so many options available, the annuity market can be a bit overwhelming. Wesley’s primary focus is to assist in researching and selecting the best annuity products based on the client’s unique and individual needs – income, growth or both. With access to over 50 annuity carriers, and a multitude of different types of products, he is an integral part of the team in creating income plans, or positioning annuities inside of a client’s portfolio.Andrew BallLife Insurance SpecialistFinancial Independence Group
Andrew provides product support and specializes in case design, underwriting and case management, all while staying informed of industry changes and new product opportunities. Andrew is a very hard worker and has a real passion for helping people. He strives every day to ensure that clients are consistently receiving top-of-the-line service, and ensures that each client is quoted the appropriate coverage and product to best meet their insurance needs.Alecia BarnetteLong Term Care SpecialistFinancial Independence Group
Alicia assists us by matching clients’ needs with the best LTCi products on the market. She has always believed in the importance of education when it comes to planning for Long Term Care and the effect it has on one’s financial and personal long-term goals. Alecia understands the significance that accuracy and customer service plays and you can often find her on the phone with a carrier discussing a new case, or just gaining more product knowledge.


















