




ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP - Investing- Rahimi  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O: Altavista Capital Markets, Llc Suite 8500 
    New York City, NY, 10007Phone: 8005477118 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-18


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Koorosh Rahimi 
 Executive 














Nanocap & Microcap Markets







































AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001687718Company address: C/O ALTAVISTA CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC SUITE 8500 NEW YORK CITY 10007Phone number: 8005477118



People related to AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryRahimi  KooroshAltaVista Capital Markets, LLC One World Trade Center, Suite 8500New York CityNY




AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesAltaVista Agriculture Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Aviation & Aerospace Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC, AltaVista Energy Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Entertainment & Media Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Fashion & Textiles Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Financial Services Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP, ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA MINING & MINERAL RIGHTS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA OIL & NATURAL GAS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA REAL ESTATE VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RESTAURANT & NIGHTCLUB VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RETAIL & E-COMMERCE VENTURES FUND, LP












 









Venture Capital Firms Active in the Medical Device Field  | MDDI Medical Device and Diagnostic Industry News Products and Suppliers


















































  
                  	 subscribe | login





 











  









 








Home
News
Blog
EventsMD&M West
BIOMEDevice Boston
MD&M East
MD&M Minneapolis
BIOMEDevice San Jose

MDEA
Qualified Suppliers
AboutMission
Subscribe
Editorial Calendar & Marketing Planner
Editorial Advisory BoardJoin the board

Staff
Submit Content
Contact Us
Archives

ResourcesWebcasts
White Papers
Salary Survey

 









Popular Topics










Lasers




Implantable Devices




Sterilization Services




Packaging Services




Medical Venture Capital




Design Services




Medical Software




Medical Plastics




Supply Chain




Printing Services




Medical Device Components




Surface Treatment Services



 


    View All Topics  

 






Blogs










Ensuring the Security of Medical Devices with Dynamic Testing




The Secret to Developing a Commercially Successful Point-of-Care Device




Virtual Reality Will Change Medtech—Once It Clears These 5 Hurdles




AR and VR Are Poised to Revolutionize Medtech—Are You Ready?




Human Factors for Home Use Medical Devices—the Home Is Not the Same as the Hospital




Examining Japan's 'Device Lag'—Part 2




Think Twice Before Ignoring FDA Cybersecurity Guidance




Examining Japan's 'Device Lag'—Part 1




Social Medicine 2.0—Can You Use Crowdsourcing to Give Your Medical Device a Leg Up?




What Does Your Heartbeat Say about You?



 
 






Industry News










CDRH’s Guidance Goals for 2017




Despite Device Industry Pushback, FDA Finalizes Emerging Signals Guidance




Edwards Unveils Structural Heart Pipeline




Hearing Aid Debate Reaches Congress




Boston Scientific Gears Up for Lotus Valve with Neovasc Deal



 
 








Venture Capital Firms Active in the Medical Device Field  








A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z

 
 
Accuitive Medical Ventures  is a $160 million fund that invests exclusively in early stage medical device technology opportunities nationwide.  The group invests up to $10 million per company over the life of a deal.
Adams Capital Management's      focus in the medical arena seems to be on software-based diagnostic equipment.
Advanced Technology Ventures    focuses on early-stage companies. Portfolio includes a number of diagnostics    manufacturers as well as makers of minimally invasive surgical instruments and    intracoronary radiation systems.
Advent International   invests in companies at all stages of development, from  emerging growth enterprises to large profitable businesses. The group can  provide up to $200 million in equity for a single transaction and will  consider a variety of investment structures, including minority equity  positions, leveraged recapitalizations, and management buyouts. Current portfolio includes companies in the cardiovascular, orthopedic, imaging, and diagnostics fields.
Alliance Technology Ventures  typically invest between $500,000 and $2 million in early-stage companies, particularly those in the Southeast. About a half-dozen device firms are currently supported, including some pursuing cardiovascular technologies, surgical devices, and organ repair.
Alpha Capital Partners provides equity financing for promising growth businesses and buyouts or recapitalizations of established companies. Investment typically ranges from $500,000 to $4 million per enterprise, with concentration in the greater Midwest. The portfolio includes developers of automated immunoassay instruments, digital interconnect systems for medical imaging equipment, and surgical cable and instruments.
Alta Partners  prefers to act as the lead investor, taking a board seat, and assisting the company as it develops. Typically, between $2 million and $8 million is invested in a company throughout the life of the investment. Focus is on the West Coast.
Ampersand Ventures focuses exclusively on the specialty material and chemical industry. Portfolio includes companies developing microfluidics systems for genetic analysis, automated cancer diagnosis, and reagents and electrophoresis systems for research applications.
Anthem Capital is a $43 million VC partnership focusing on investments in Virginia, DC, Maryland, Delaware, Southeastern Pennsylvania, and Southern New Jersey.  The group expects to help  develop the financial marketing and overall strategic plans and to oversee their tactical execution by management.  Products covered in the portfolio include a microprocessor-controlled CPR vest, products for cancer screening,  a miniature optical sensor  with applications in glucose and oxygen sensing, and products for diagnosing and treating chronic pain.
Asset Management Associates  lists a few diagnostics manufacturers on its portfolio of life sciences companies. Usually invests about $2 million to $3 million during the seed or early stages.
Atlas Venture's portfolio    seems to emphasize genomics and biopharm, but also includes manufacturers of    cardiac-mapping systems, a cardiac assist device, disposables, diagnostic endoscopes,    surgical instruments, medical lasers, and separation products. Initial investment    is usually between $500,000 and $5 million, although seed investments of    less than $500,000 can also be arranged.
The Aurora Funds are invested primarily in North Carolina and the Southeastern US. Typical investments range from $250,000 to $1,500,000. The portfolio lists manufacturers of 3-D imaging systems and diagnostic instruments.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray Ventures    organizes venture funds and invests the capital into emerging-growth companies    in the areas of medical devices, healthcare services, and technology. Healthcare    funds have approximately $80 million under management. Areas of focus in    the medical device arena include cardiovascular surgery, interventional neuroradiology,    minimally invasive orthopedics, urology/women's health/oncology, and tissue    engineering/biological.
Bessemer Venture Partners   invests between $1 million and $5 million in private companies at any stage. The small number of device firm investments includes MRI and diagnostics companies.
BioAsia Investments is    a California-based VC firm. Average investment ranges from $1 million to    3 million, although investments from $0.5 million and $5 million    can be considered. Generally, a BioAsia representative will serve on the board    of directors. Strength seems to be in drug discovery and diagnostics; investments    include companies developing clinical diagnostic reagents and enzyme-based immunoassays,    a portable device for measuring blood glucose and glycated protein, and blood    processing and cryopreservation equipment.
BioMed Discoveries Inc. focuses on projects that helping startups meet unmet clinical needs. Funded by Stowers Institute for Medical Research, the firm pursues projects across a range of diagnostic areas but focuses on therapeutics and diagnostics. 
Brentwood Venture Capital invests equity capital in start-up, early-stage, and emerging-growth companies, preferably in a market that will support revenues of greater than $50 million within five years. Current portfolio includes more than a dozen medical device companies and covers the cardiac, surgical, and imaging areas, among others.
Canaan Partners can invest in any stage of development, from early through expansion stage, and will consider other growth opportunities such as private placement in public companies, management-led buyouts, and recapitalizations. Funds ranging from $0.5 million to $15 million are available for individual companies. Portfolio companies include makers of hemodialysis equipment, patient monitors, infusion pumps, and orthopedic products.
Capital Southwest provides capital for early-stage financing, expansion financing, management buyouts, recapitalizations, and industry consolidations. Representative investments include a manufacturer of surgical masks and other disposable products, a manufacturer of medical x-ray imaging film and direct radiography systems, and a manufacturer of hematology and blood-chemistry analyzers.
Cardinal Health    Partners manages an initial capital pool of $62 million, and typically    invests between $2 million and $5 million per company. The group focuses    on early-stage companies developing medical devices, healthcare information    systems, healthcare services, and life science technologies. Group principals    have been the co-founding investors in over 100 start-up companies and have    played interim management roles in more than ten.
Charter Life Sciences    invests in technology-based companies at the seed and early stages of development.    The group frequently serves as lead investor, contributing resources and management    support. Half of business is life sciences, including manufacturers of controlled-release    delivery systems, diagnostics, electrophysiology devices, orthopedics, cancer  therapeutics, computer-aided surgical systems, infusion pumps, and hearing aids.
Founded by a team of accomplished investment professionals with extensive and complementary industry backgrounds, Clarus Ventures is a life sciences venture capital firm with a team that has a unique and long history of success in creating value. Deep relationships with thought leaders and decision makers allow this team to identify unique investment opportunities and shepherd them to maturity. Clarus augments its core expertise of investing in biopharmaceuticals, specialty pharma and medical technology with the deep and diverse experience of the team in research and development, commercialization, business development and operations management at a global level. Clarus has offices in Cambridge, MA, and South San Francisco, CA.
Founded in 1990, Collinson Howe & Lennox invests principally in start-up and early-stage companies in the medical sector. Current portfolio companies are active in the areas of women's health, minimally invasive surgery, drug-delivery catheters, treatment of in-stent restenosis. Investments range in size from $100,000 to $5 million.
Cordova Ventures    prefers companies located in the Southeast with the potential to serve national    markets. The portfolio includes a manufacturer of vascular access products.
Crosslink Capital    invests in emerging-growth companies with proof-of-concept. In the medical arena,    the company has supported biotech, equipment, and software firms.
De Novo Ventures was formed in 2000 by experienced investors and medical device entrepreneurs with the mission of helping budding medical device companies to find funding. With $650 million under management, the firm has made more than 40 investments  in healthcare.
Domain Associates provides $30 million to $40 million annually to US-based ventures concentrating in the life sciences. Current portfolio includes some well-known device firms, including developers of tumor-ablation devices, wearable defibrillators, minimally invasive surgical instruments, and surgical vision systems.
Edison Venture Fund actively investing since 1986, partners with entrepreneurs, service providers and other financing sources to build successful companies.  They provide private equity and value-added services to expansion stage ($5 - 20 million revenue)  information technology businesses located in the Boston to Washington, DC corridor.  Edison has realized many successful exits generating substantial proceeds for founders, management, employees and investors.
Emergent Medical Partners is a  life sciences investment firm that works with medical device and healthcare companies. The company has more than 50 years of experience in the field.   The firm works with early-stage manufacturers from a diverse background encompassing and our expertise encompasses all areas of medicine.
Located in Southern California, Enterprise Partners  invests in privately held early-stage and emerging-growth companies, particularly in the area of medical technology and healthcare services. An extensive portfolio includes manufacturers of gynecological instruments, cytometers, medical-records management software, minimally invasive devices for orthopedic surgery, patient monitors, noninvasive blood-pressure monitors, and nerve stimulation devices.
ePlanet Capital, which is based in Silicion Valley, is an international firm that invests in a variety of industries including healthcare and medtech, Internet and e-commerce, electronics, wireless technology, and green energy. Formed in 1999, the firm employs thirty professionals  
Finistere Partners LLC is a San Diego, CA-based venture fund, focusing on early stage investments in medical devices, and non-therapeutic biotech (particularly Agbio) ranging from $0.5m to $5.0m. The fund has existing investments in the cardiovascular space, and is also interested in orthopaedic and drug delivery systems.  Finistere is actively seeking new investment opportunities.
Fluke Venture Partners makes equity investments in developing and expanding companies based in the      Pacific Northwest. Prefers to hold minority equity positions in its portfolio      companies and to maintain a close yet hands-off relationship with management.      The group typically invests between $500,000 and $2 million in a round      of financing, although the minimum investment can be lower. Given the Northwest      focus, it's perhaps not surprising to see software companies, coffee wholesalers,      and microbrewers alongside manufacturers of wound-care products and medical      lasers in the investment portfolio.
Forward Ventures  pursues a mix of early-stage portfolio investments focused in biotechnology and healthcare, with an emphasis on seed and start-up investments. Over the last decade and a half, the partners have founded 14 life-science and healthcare companies. Geographic preference is the West Coast, and initial investment size ranges from $500,000 to $1,500,000. 
Galen Partners is a private equity firm specializing in the healthcare domain. The firm has invested in more than 70 firms since it was founded and has had almost $1 billion in assets since it was founded. 
Golden Pine Ventures is a venture capital company focused on discovering and developing exceedingly rare early-stage technologies which can form the basis of promising biotechnology and biomedical companies. The management and directors of Golden Pine Ventures have a history of past successful ventures in the biotechnology and biomedical fields. In total, they have successfully launched over two dozen companies, raised over a billion dollars for portfolio companies, and have taken seven of these companies public.
Greylock, a Boston-based VC firm founded in 1965, invests at all stages of corporate development—from supplying the initial capital to providing expansion capital to growing private companies. Portfolio includes manufacturers of dialysis equipment, disposables, filtration equipment, orthopedic devices, monitoring equipment, diagnostic, C02 analyzers, hospital information systems, neurological therapeutics, and others.
Hambrecht & Quist Capital Management    manages the H&Q Healthcare Investors fund, which invests in smaller, emerging    biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, and medical devices and services companies.    HQCM focuses on later-stage and mezzanine financings, with initial investments    in the $2 million – $5 million range. The fund may invest up    to 40% of assets in restricted securities of both public and private companies.
Hickory Venture Capital provides long-term venture capital financing to small but rapidly growing private companies throughout the Southeast, Southwest, Mid-Atlantic, and Midwest. The firm typically invests $1 million to $2 million initially, and may fund up to $6 million over time. The group does not seek control, but instead backs strong management teams.
Highland Capital Partners works with entrepreneurs and growing businesses in the information technology and healthcare industries. Portfolio companies include manufacturers of anesthesia monitors, DNA-based cancer screening, minimally invasive urological surgical instruments, stents, urology products, and healthcare information systems.
IVP-Institutional Venture Partners invests primarily in seed or early-stage technology companies with as little as $50,000 and as much as $4 million. Extensive portfolio includes manufacturers of POC clinical chemistry analyzers, blood-glucose monitoring, revascularization devices, stents, therapeutic ultrasound devices, cytology equipment, infusion pumps, and more.
InCube Ventures specializes in funding innovative medical projects that fulfill unmet clinical needs.nt outcomes.
InnoCal focuses is on early- and expansion-stage companies with proprietary technology. Businesses in California receive preference, although the group will consider investment opportunities anywhere in the country. Technologies currently supported include orthopedic implants, infusion devices, and urology products.
Intersouth Partners invests primarily in the Southeast. The firm prefers to be the lead investor in the first institutional round of financing. Focus is on seed and early-stage companies with reasonable initial capital requirements and sales potential exceeding $20 million in 3–6 years. Technologies represented include POC diagnostics, implantables, laparoscopic instruments, and drug-delivery systems.
InterWest Partners  invests an average of $5 million over the span of involvement with each portfolio company. The group supports companies in all investment stages, and investments may be staged over several rounds of financing. An extensive healthcare portfolio includes a number of well-known companies in areas ranging from ultrasound imaging to orthopedic surgery to DNA probes to vascular intervention.
JP Morgan Partners    is the venture branch of J.P. Morgan Chase Bank. Very deep pockets, fairly conservative    investments. Portfolio companies in the healthcare area include manufacturers    of cardiac catheters, diagnostic systems, orthopedics, liver-assist devices,    urological surgery products, blood-glucose monitors, external defibrillators,    IV components, and plastic components.
KBL Healthcare Ventures    is a physician-run VC firm. Focus is on start-up, early-stage, and emerging-growth    companies. Current investments cover noninvasive cardiac diagnostics, women's    health, cytology, and healthcare software.
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers seems to focus on Internet technologies, but the portfolio does list one or two device manufacturers in the fields of orthopedics and neurology.
Kline Hawkes & Co.    provides equity capital for later-stage venture deals, changes of control, and    industry consolidations. Typically, investments range from $3 million to    $6 million.
Latterell Venture Partners was formed in 2001 with the sole mission of investing in early-stage healthcare companies. The firm has more than $300 million of committed capital.
Magic Venture Capital provides seed and first-round funding for healthcare ventures, assisting the majority of its portfolio companies by playing key roles in early management. The group has a modern prototype facility capable of providing working models of most medical devices. The two companies currently supported develop products for treating atrial fib and internal spinal fixation devices.
The Mayfield Fund has $1 billion of capital under management and has invested in more than 300 information technology and healthcare companies since its founding in 1969. The current portfolio of about a dozen device firms includes companies involved in computer-assisted surgery, hearing aids, cardiovascular intervention, and anesthesia monitoring.
MedVenture Associates specializes in the early-stage financing of companies in the fields of medical devices, medical information technology, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology products. Companies must be located in the Western region of the continental US. An extensive portfolio encompasses the cardiovascular, neurovacular, orthopedic, and women's health specialties as well as instruments and equipment. Some of the industry's most prominent movers and shakers are on the list.
Menlo Ventures typically invests from $4 million to $10 million in a portfolio company, usually over several rounds of financing. The group serves on the boards of over 80% of portfolio companies. The device division focuses primarily on minimally invasive surgical technologies.
Meritech Capital Partners, which is based in Palo Alto, CA, funds mainly late-stage entities. It works with firms specializing in communications, software development, semiconductors, as well as medical devices. Its healthcare clients include Acclarent, Glaukos, Intralase, and Vantage Oncology. 
Mitsui USA Private Equity Group seeks early-stage investment opportunities in the information technology and healthcare industries. The firm prefers opportunities where pre-money valuations are less than $20 million. The group's Orien Fund supports manufacturers of an implantable nerve stimulator, an infusion pump, and a blood-handling device.
Morgan    Stanley Dean Witter Venture Partners invests in later-stage high-growth    companies in the IT and healthcare industries. Although the partners are active    investors who seek significant ownership positions, they do not require controlling    interest in companies nor desire an operating role. The group's healthcare portfolio    covers cardiology diagnostics, automated sample preparation, and computerized    diagnostics.
Morgenthaler Venture    Partners invests in medical devices, healthcare services, healthcare information    services, and biopharmaceuticals. Focus is on early-stage investments as well    as management-led buyouts, build-ups, and recapitalizations. Typical investment    ranges from $2 million to 8 million in VC opportunities and $5 million    to 30 million in management buyouts. A small but impressive device company    portfolio shows particular strength in cardiovascular surgery and neurology.
MPM Capital    is the manager for the $230 million BioVentures family of venture capital    funds that are invested in parallel in selected private healthcare companies    in the US and Europe. BB Bioventures LP investments range from $5 million    to $20 million. The current portfolio includes manufacturers of surgical    sealants, diabetes management systems, hearing aids, and transdermal drug-delivery    systems.
New Enterprise Associates provides an initial financial commitment typically ranging from $500,000 to $6 million. An extensive medical portfolio covers ultrasound imaging, endovascular surgery, orthopedics, urology, patient monitoring, cardiology, and just about everything else.
Newbury Ventures is a private VC partnership providing seed and early-stage financing for communication and healthcare technology companies. Partners will take a position on the portfolio company's board of directors and can  provide assistance with management team building, product development, operations and manufacturing, business development, and sales and marketing. The portfolio, though favoring communications companies, lists companies developing cardiac output monitors and waterjet-based surgical instruments.
Norwest Venture Capital commonly serves as one of the lead investors for its portfolio companies. Total investment in a company can range from $1.5 million to $20 million. The portfolio covers automated sample preparation, blood-gas sensing, minimally invasive surgery, and orthopedics.
Olympic Venture Partners  focuses primarily on companies in the Pacific Northwest.  Initial investment is usually about $1 million to $3 million, almost always made with at least one other VC firm. Given their NW focus, it's not surprising to see so many Internet companies on the portfolio list—but there are also manufacturers of cardiology catheters and vascular sealing devices.
Onset Ventures focuses on seed and early-stage investing. Initial first- or second-round investments may range from $1 million to $4 million. While the amount varies based on the needs of each company, the average investment is $5 million over a company's development. The portfolio includes companies involved in revascularization, molecular diagnostics, spinal implants, and reproductive health.
A. M. Pappas & Associates    manages three investment funds, including TechAMP, an international life science    VC fund based in Research Triangle Park, NC. Investments will focus on mid-stage    companies developing therapeutics, diagnostics, discovery platforms, biotech    toolkits, and drug-delivery technologies. TechAMP's investment scope also includes    clinical instrumentation, interventional devices, and regulatory enhancing technologies.
Partech assists companies    at all stages of growth—from the early-stage start-up phase to pre-IPO    and beyond. Portfolio companies include device firms active in the cardiology    and urology markets as well as manufacturers of surgical sealants and drug-delivery    polymers.
Primus Capital Funds  specializes in healthcare services, healthcare information systems, and medical devices. The portfolio includes companies involved in diagnostics, sterilization systems, blood processing, and motor-function restoration. Preferred investment size is $5 million to $10 million
Within the healthcare field, Prism Venture Partners focuses on medical devices (particularly disposables), healthcare services, healthcare information systems, software, and services. A suitable portfolio company must have the potential to achieve annual revenues of $50 million to $100 million within 5 years. Capital requirements should support an investment of $4 million or more prior to a liquidity event.
The River Cities Capital Funds provide growth equity and business building experience to entrepreneurial private companies, primarily in the Midwest and Southeast. Broad portfolio includes a manufacturer of specialty disposables and a manufacturer of intraoperative surgical navigation systems.
RiverVest Venture Partners focuses on early-stage life sciences investments. The St. Louis–based firm seeks to build relationships with entrepreneurs and scientists striving to develop breakthrough solutions to unmet clinical needs.
Santé Ventures invests in early-stage life-science and healthcare ventures. The firm's venture partner is Billy Cohn, MD, a heart surgeon who developed a novel artificial heart with the help of Bud Frazier at the Texas Heart Institute in Houston.  
Seaflower Associates    makes seed and first-round investments in companies developing biotechnology,    medical devices, healthcare information technology, and healthcare services.    Geographical preference is for New England and the Great Lakes region. Typical    investments range from $250,000 to $1,250,000. Portfolio companies range in    focus from computer-enhanced laparoscopy to biomaterials to endoscopic imaging.
Sequoia Capital prefers early-stage investments in technology-driven companies on the West Coast. Funding ranges from a $50,000 seed investment to $10 million transactions. The group's partnership role can range from intensive involvement in an early-stage company (which can set up shop in the group's offices during initial formation) to a far more detached role once the company matures. A lengthy device company portfolio includes manufacturers of ultrasound equipment, minimally invasive cardiac surgery systems, patient-side diagnostic devices, orthopedic implants, glucose monitors, and BPH treatment systems.
Sierra Ventures typically likes to serve on the board of directors of portfolio companies. The group manages six venture capital partnerships, which together have more than $400 million of committed capital. Portfolio companies are involved in vascular intervention, computer-guided surgery, diagnostics, and others.
Sorrento Associates provides VC funding for emerging-growth companies in San Diego and Southern California with prospects to grow to $25 million to $50 million in revenues within three to five years. The group does  not seek to run portfolio businesses or to be involved in any day-to-day management activities. Typically provides between $1 million and $7 million. Current portfolio lists manufacturers of central venous catheters, a solid-state gamma camera, respiratory equipment, infusion pumps, defibrillators, and drug-delivery platforms.
Spray Venture    Partners is a $50 million seed and early-stage healthcare venture firm,    with a particular focus in medical devices. Portfolio includes companies developing    ultrasound catheters, minimally invasive surgical equipment, microfluidics,    AEDs, drug delivery, and other technologies.
The Sprout Group typically invests $5 million to $50 million with a minority interest. More than a score of device companies are on the portfolio list. Diagnostic products seem to be a specialty, although the roster also covers vascular access, minimally invasive surgery, urology, cardiology, and orthopedics.
Split Rock Partners, formerly part of St. Paul Venture Capital, works with emerging companies in the healthcare (medical devices and specialty pharmaceuticals) and software industries, primarily in the Upper Midwest and on the West Coast.
SterlingStart  is a company that provides flexible funding solutions, comprehensive technical support and operational guidance to medical device start-ups and entrepreneurs across the country.
 Telegraph Hill Partners is a life-science and med-tech focused private equity fund that invests in growth-stage companies across the U.S. The firm will invest between $5M to $25M in companies that have: commercial revenue through the sale of products or services, current or near-term profitability, a loyal and expanding customer base, superior economic business models, and a strong management team.  Portfolio investments include chemical and reagent companies, orthopedic and cardiovascular device companies, and diagnostic companies.
TGap Venture Capital Fund is a $20 million venture capital firm formed on August 14, 2002 with its headquarters in Kalamazoo, Michigan. The Fund invests in early stage medical device, medical services, and IT technology companies. TGap’s typical initial investment in a company is between $250,000 and $1,000,000, and is made as part of a larger financing in conjunction with other investors.
Third Rock Ventures was founded in 2007. The firm focuses on life sciences companies and has raised more than $800 million. Its mission is to launch transforming companies that are developing disruptive technologies.
Three Arch Partners  was formed in 1993 to provide young companies with access to relevant clinical and business resources, as well as capital. Three Arch Partners has helped create, build, and fund more than 100 healthcare companies. The investment focus is on opportunities in medical devices and healthcare services, as well as biotechnology and information technology. The partnership manages over $1 billion in capital.
TL Ventures mostly covers biopharmaceuticals, but also lists some manufacturers of diagnostics and monitoring equipment in its portfolio. The group initially invests between $3 million and $10 million in companies in the early to middle stages of development.
TVM Capital is an international VC firm with offices in Munich and Boston. Generally, investments in a given company will range from $3 million to $4 million; however, the group can invest as little as $100,000 in seed financing and as much as $5 million in exceptional cases. A lengthy portfolio includes manufacturers in the fields of urology, orthopedics, and imaging.
U.S. Venture Partners invests principally in companies headquartered in the Western US. Healthcare investments are primarily focused on companies developing innovative proprietary medical devices to enable less invasive therapeutic procedures. An extensive roster covers diagnostic imaging, fluoroscopy, cardiovascular surgery, implantables, drug delivery, and more.
Vanguard Venture Partners    specializes in seed and early-stage high-tech investments. The firm looks for    market opportunities that can return at least 10 times the investment through    IPO or acquisition within five to seven years. Expertise in the life sciences  includes medical devices, diagnostics, biotech instruments, and medical infotech.
Venrock Associates is the venture capital arm of the Rockefeller family. In the medical device sector, emphasis seems to be on minimally invasive technologies, particularly in the area of cardiovascular medicine and orthopedics.
Over 80% of the dollars invested by Venture    Investors Management LLC have gone to seed and early-stage companies in    markets such as biotechnology, instrumentation, and medical services and devices.    Usually functioning as the lead investor, the group also enters co-investor    relationships. Portfolio companies include manufacturers of cardiac analyzers    and biodegradable polymers.
Versant Ventures currently manages over $1 billion in committed capital having recently raised its third fund and currently managing over 65 companies in its portfolio. Versant's medical device portfolio includes Acclarent, Calypso Medical Technologies, Cameron Health, LipoSonix, NDO Surgical, NeoVista, Second Sight Medical Products and Spiration.
Vertical Group, The is a venture capital group specializing in medical technology and biotechnology. It makes early- and late-stage investments. The firm is the successor to the venture capital division of F. Eberstadt & Co. and has been independent since 1988.
Welsh, Carson, Anderson    & Stowe focuses on only two industries: healthcare and information services.    Healthcare services seem to represent the group's core medical focus, although    several investments have also been made in healthcare products. Investments    usually focus on medium-sized companies, with revenues typically between $30 million    and $200 million.
Western Technology Investment  looks for companies with the potential to generate $25 million in annual sales within 5 years. Investments range from $500,000 to $10 million. Portfolio includes companies active in the cardiovascular, drug delivery, glucose monitoring, and urology markets.
WFD Ventures LLC provides equity financing and industry expertise to medical device and healthcare technology companies. The principals of WFD have developed and commercialized dozens of technologies and seek partnerships with entrepreneurs, doctors and scientists to improve medical outcomes and maximize the financial potential of their innovations.
WFD typically invests between $2 million and $15 million in therapeutic, diagnostic or drug delivery technologies with strong intellectual property rights and exceptional market potentials. WFD targets ventures at any stage, as we have direct experience with prototype development, intellectual property and licensing strategies, clinical trials (US and OUS), regulatory filings (510(k), PMA and drug/device combinations), system and physician economics, reimbursement, distribution strategies and sales management.
WFD helps its portfolio companies develop liquidity strategies and orchestrate liquidity events. Successful interaction with potential partners and acquirers requires focus long before the event. To inform exit planning, we have built collaborative, working relationships with all of the major medical device consolidators.
J.H. Whitney & Co. has been around for over 50 years. Companies supported include manufacturers of minimally invasive devices and separation technology.
Windward Ventures provides early-stage venture capital for companies in Southern California. The firm generally servesg as lead investor. Typical funding ranges from $1 million and $2 million over the life of an investment. Initial investments may be as little as $250,000. Current portfolio includes companies working in interventional cardiology and infusion therapy.

» 
Printer-friendly version










 






Most Recent




Most ViewedTop RatedMost Emailed 





Leading Despite Legislative Limbo




A Medical Device’s True Colors




No Easy Money




Elekta Aims for More Accurate Radiation Therapy with Unity




Call for Papers: BIOMEDevice San Jose 2017




How Device Makers Can Combat Rising Healthcare Costs and Prep for Policy Changes




2017 Medical Design Excellence Awards Winners: Best-in-Show




2017 Medical Design Excellence Awards Winners: Lifetime Achievement Award



 

 







 



Qualified Suppliers to the Medical Device Industry


White PapersSupplier NewsVideos







Gas Flow Sensing Technology in Medical Ventilation Devices




Which is Best for Your Project, a Product Development Firm or a "Full Service" Manufacturer?




Six Pitfalls of Medical Device Packaging Development




A Computing Platform Based on 4th Generation Intel® Core™ Processors That Provides Flexible and Expandable I/Os for In Vitro Diagnostics Instruments




Design for Manufacturability in Sheet Metal Enclosures



 


view more


 









Cadence Named to Inc. 5000 List




Gain the Competitive Edge With Performance Technical Ceramics




Chemsultants International attains ISO 13485:2003 & ISO 9001:2008 Certification




Metal Cutting Corporation Adds Swiss to the Mix




Medical Device Labeling @ MEDevice Forum San Diego



 


view more


 









JOHNSON MATTHEY at MD&amp;M West 2011




Qosina at MD&amp;M West 2011




Ethylene Oxide Sterilization Validations




maxon corporate video




Henkel Corporation&#039;s Loctite&#039;s Wide Range of Adhesives for the Medical Manufacturing Market



 


view more


 

 
 






For Advertisers | Privacy Policy | Legal Entities  | Editorial Policies | Terms of Service | Contact | Subscribe | Sitemap
© 2017 UBM Canon 






Related Sites from UBM Canon:



 - Qmed - Qualified Medical Suppliers - European Medical Device Technology - Medical Product Manufacturing News

 - China Medical Device Manufacturer - medtechinsider

 - medtechinsider auf Deutsch - Pharmaceutical & Medical Packaging News












 







 




































 









Med1 Ventures LLC | A Value Driven Approach to Medical Device Investments










































 
 


















Select Page


  
 



 



 









Delivering Innovative Medical Device Products
“A Value Driven Approach to Medical Device Investments”

 
 
 


				 MED1 Ventures’ team of world-class medical device experts have developed  and commercialized 80 products that generate over $12B in total revenue and $2.5B in current annual revenue.
 
 
 



Get Access to Our Product Portfolio

Get Access

 
 
 




Delivering Innovative Medical Device Products
“A Value Driven Approach to Medical Device Investments”

 
 
 


				 MED1 Ventures’ team of world-class medical device experts have developed  and commercialized 80 products that generate over $12B in total revenue and $2.5B in current annual revenue.
 
 


Products

 


Billion Dollars

 
 



Get Access to Our Product Portfolio

Get Access

 
 
 



Invests in Products by Thinking Smaller and
Winning Faster for Investors & Inventors
 
 
 




 

What is MED1?
MED1 is focused on our skill set of product development execution on products that meet targeted market unmet needs with fully identified acquisition partners in the ophthalmic and women’s health space.
 
 
 
 



MED1 Difference


We Develop Products
Not Invest in Infrastructure

World Class Development, Business, Medical & Professional Team
Proven Strategic Assessment Process (+80% Commercial Success)
Robust Global Market Focus
Products Ready for Investment

 
 
 


 

 
 

Think Smaller. Win Faster!

18 to 48 Month Product Exit Focus
QSBS Tax Advantage
Investor Ability to Choose Investments
Investor, Acquirer & Inventor Friendly
Portfolio Products Under Evaluation


 
 
 


MED1 Difference

We Develop Products
Not Invest in Infrastructure

World Class Development, Business, Medical & Professional Team
Proven Strategic Assessment Process (+80% Commercial Success)
Robust Global Market Focus
Products Ready for Investment

Think Smaller. Win Faster!

18 to 48 Month Product Exit Focus
QSBS Tax Advantage
Investor Ability to Choose Investments
Investor, Acquirer & Inventor Friendly
Portfolio of Products Under Evaluation

 

 
 
 
 



MED1 Risk Mitigation Approach

Focused on products with 18 to 48 months exits
$1M to $10M investment
Minimum 3X target return on product exits
World Class Development, Business, Medical & Professional Team
IP protected portfolio products with High Gross Margin facilitates attractive exits

 

 
 

MED1’s Investor Friendly Approach
 


$2.5M
Investment


2yrs
Est. Exit


 
$10m
Exit Price

 
				 Investment Example and refer to MED1’s Product C-Corp Prospectus and is Qualified in Its Entirety By Reference To Such Documents. 
			 
 
 


MED1 Risk Mitigation Approach

Focused on products with 18 to 48 months exits
$1M to $10M investment with up to $40M exit potential
3X target cash return on portfolio project investments
World Class Development, Business, Medical & Professional Team
IP protected portfolio products with High Gross Margin facilitates attractive exits

 
 

MED1’s
Investor Friendly Approach
 

 


$2.5m
Investment


2 yrs
Est. Exit


 
$10m
Exit Price

 
				 Investment Example and refer to MED1’s Private Placement Memorandum and Limited Partnership Agreement and is Qualified In Its Entirety By Reference To Such Documents. 
			 
 
 
 



Leadership
 
Leadership
 







Tim Willis

Tim Willis
CEO & Founder
Mr. Willis is a Founding Partner of MED1 Ventures. Tim has more than 30 years of ophthalmology industry experience having founded or help found 8 companies. Tim is a seasoned business executive and entrepreneur and inventor having raised $195 million in funding, over 30 issued patents, and responsible for the development and launch of 55 ophthalmic products that today represent over one and half billion dollars in annual sales.









Steve Bacich

Steve Bacich
CTO & Founder

Mr. Bacich is the Chief Technology Officer and Founding Partner of MED1 Ventures. Steve has more than 20 year of medical device industry experience with over 15 years focused on women’s health. Mr. Bacich completed several venture and public funding rounds in total raising over $250 million. Steve has over 50 issued US medical device patents and has brought over 25 products to market.










Kent Geer

Kent Geer
Managing Director Finance & Investor Relations
Mr. Geer is a former partner with Ernst & Young. Kent has more than 30 years of experience and track record serving numerous public and private companies in a variety of industries including biotechnology, medical device, pharmaceuticals and other technology companies. During his tenure, Mr. Geer was the audit practice leader for Ernst & Young Entrepreneurial Services Group and was the market team leader for the technology industry practice.









Diethart Reichardt

Diethart Reichardt
International Business Development
Mr. Reichardt is a business executive with over 35 years of experience in sales, marketing, and European business and general management expertise. Diethart has served in leadership positions for several global medical device and pharmaceutical companies in ophthalmology and women’s health.










Tim Willis




Tim Willis
CEO & Founder
Mr. Willis is a Founding Partner of MED1 Ventures. Tim has more than 30 years of ophthalmology industry experience having founded or help found 8 companies. Tim is a seasoned business executive and entrepreneur and inventor having raised $195 million in funding, over 30 issued patents, and responsible for the development and launch of 55 ophthalmic products that today represent over one and half billion dollars in annual sales.







Steve Bacich




Steve Bacich
CTO & Founder

Mr. Bacich is the Chief Technology Officer and Founding Partner of MED1 Ventures. Steve has more than 20 year of medical device industry experience with over 15 years focused on women’s health. Mr. Bacich completed several venture and public funding rounds in total raising over $250 million. Steve has over 50 issued US medical device patents and has brought over 25 products to market.








Kent Geer




Kent Geer
Managing Director Finance & Investor Relations
Mr. Geer is a former partner with Ernst & Young. Kent has more than 30 years of experience and track record serving numerous public and private companies in a variety of industries including biotechnology, medical device, pharmaceuticals and other technology companies. During his tenure, Mr. Geer was the audit practice leader for Ernst & Young Entrepreneurial Services Group and was the market team leader for the technology industry practice.







Diethart Reichardt




Diethart Reichardt
International Business Development
Mr. Reichardt is a business executive with over 35 years of experience in sales, marketing, and European business and general management expertise. Diethart has served in leadership positions for several global medical device and pharmaceutical companies in ophthalmology and women’s health.




 
View Our Entire Team

 
 


MED1 Partners
 
 
 






 





 





 
 




 
 
 



Interested in Investing or Working with us?
 
Request an Investor/Inventor Presentation
Whether you are an investor or inventor, we can help your achieve your goals. Contact us today.
 
 
 






 
 
I am an Investor

 





 
 
I am an Inventor

 
 
 



Med1 Ventures LLC.

Raleigh, NC
San Francisco, CA
Shanghai, China
Karlsruhe, Germany
 
 

Contact
Call 919.241.3200
Email [email protected]
 
 

Follow Us
 

LinkedIn

Twitter

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



				Get Access To Our Investors Product Portfolio			

 
To get access to our exclusive Investor Product Portfolio. Just submit your contact info and we will email you a password.
Already have a password? Click Here

Name


First



Last

Contact Info*

*I am an...*InvestorInventorRequirement



  












 


			x            





				Learn more about investing with MED1 Ventures			


Name


First



Last

Contact Info*

*I am an...*InvestorInventorRequirement



  














			x            





				Learn more about working with Med1 Ventures			


Name


First



Last

Contact Info*

*I am an...*InvestorInventorRequirement



  














			x            






















 




Asia Medical Product Industry Acquisitions and JVs















































   
Contact Us
About Us
Blog





Menu















Acquisitions, Joint Ventures, and Licensing for Medical Products in Asia




Let us help your medical device or pharmaceutical company form key partnerships in Asia to enhance your presence in the Asian medical markets.
Pacific Bridge Medical provides the following services to assist clients with acquisitions, joint ventures, and licensing in Asia:

Identify and qualify prospective partners through our strong network of contacts in Asia;
Prepare and present the necessary information and materials to the prospective partner candidates;
Arrange introductions between the client and appropriate partner candidates;
Accompany the client to meetings with the partner candidates and assist with negotiations on the client’s behalf;
Provide guidance on agreement terms, pricing, and other related issues;
Provide extensive on-the-ground due diligence;
Help the client negotiate an agreement with a partner;
Follow up after the agreement is signed and provide guidance during the implementation phase.

We provide these services in twelve major Asian medical markets: China, Japan, Korea, India, Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Acquisitions
More and more Western medical companies and investors are interested in acquiring medical device businesses in Asia. Acquisition in Asia will vary depending on the rules, regulations, and cultures of each country. While you may purchase a company in Japan via a P/E ratio, acquisitions in China may be based on net asset value plus a premium. Successfully acquiring medical assets at an appropriate price in Asia requires plenty of due diligence. Pacific Bridge Medical can help Western medical companies and investors in the Asian medical markets with target identification, on-the-ground due diligence, and negotiations in the local language of each Asian country.
Joint Ventures
Joint venture structures, regulations, and opportunities will vary in each Asian country. For example, when negotiating a joint venture in China, it is often difficult to determine who is in charge on the Chinese side of the table as government officials, industry representatives, factory executives, and others may be involved in the negotiations. These different parties on the Chinese side may have competing interests. In addition, Chinese documentation is often very vague, and negotiations can drag on much longer than one would expect. In the 1990s, most Chinese joint ventures were 50/50 deals. Today, joint venture deals with an 80/20 or even 90/10 ownership structure (with the foreign partner holding the majority) are more common.
Licensing
Licensing of medical products will vary according to the Asian market you are doing business in. For example, in Japan in the early to mid-1990s, many Japanese licensing deals with Western biotech companies were concluded without conducting sufficient due diligence, and as a result, there were many failures. In recent years, however, Japanese investors are more sophisticated and more due diligence is being done. Japanese firms today are likely to invest only in later stage deals.
If you are looking for expert assistance with your acquisition, joint venture, or licensing issues in Asia, please contact us today to discuss your specific needs.
Resources and Related Blog Posts
Visit our Resource Center to view free webcasts and charts or read publications, news, and research reports on the Asia medical markets.






Medical Device Joint Ventures and Acquisitions in Asia


March 12, 2015 
Publication









Healthcare Investment Expands in Asia


May 1, 2014 
News Brief









Myanmar Lifts Trade Restrictions for Medical Equipment


December 1, 2016 
News Brief





Related blog posts
Visit our Blog for more articles about the Asia medical markets.










Medical Devices & IVD's



Business Development Services
Regulatory Services
Resource Center





Pharmaceuticals & API's



Business Development Services
Regulatory Services
Resource Center






Learn more about how we can assist you with business development and regulatory affairs in Asia


Contact Us



 


















Venture Capital for Medical Devices, Diagnostics, Pharmaceuticals, Epic BioVentures, Begin with the Exit in Mind™































Home
Focus
Strategy
Opportunity
Investing
Team

Kirby Black
James Cassidy
Charles Hewitt
Ryan Siemens


News
Contact Us






Begin with the exit in mind… 
     Start with Epic BioVentures 









Objective
Difficult economies bring out the best in entrepreneurs. Epic BioVentures I, LP (the “Fund”) is poised to take advantage of the rich market of motivated and value conscious medical technology companies that are starved for growth capital. We are committed to investing in medtech companies and reaching an exit in record time. We intend to achieve this by identifying the exit strategy upfront and working closely with the management teams of our portfolio companies to build a business focused on achieving milestones that maximize value at exit. The management  team of our General Partner, Epic BioVentures, LLC (“EBV”), has a track record of not only successfully commercializing medical products, but in exiting companies with a significant return to investors.
The chief objective of Epic BioVentures, LLC is to identify the highest quality medical technology investment opportunities and use our unique approach in effort to achieve a high return for investors and entrepreneurs. With the partners located in Atlanta, Minneapolis, Philadelphia, and Southern California, we are present in geographic areas that are centers of medical technology innovation and early stage company incubation. 

The Fund is targeted to $125 million and is looking to close by fall 2013.







 Terms of use | Privacy policy | Sitemap
 






 
Sight Design Bee Scene 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














medical ventures fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Raise Medical Bill Donations - 100% Free Fundraising Site



Ad
 ·
www.youcaring.com/​Fundraising/​Medical



Raise Money & Reduce Medical Costs. Help Raise Medical Money For Free Today!


youcaring.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(176 reviews)





How it Works



Start Crowdfunding




Why it's Free



Medical Fundraising





Humana® Medicare Plans - Compare Medicare Plan Options



Ad
 ·
shop.humana.com



View Humana Medicare Advantage Plans with Affordable Monthly Premiums





Learn about Humana Plans



Agent Consultation



Humana® Walmart Rx Plan




Speak to a Licensed Agent



Enroll Today Online



Medicare Advantage Plans





Searches related tomedical ventures fund



the new venture fund


best venture capital funds


medical venture capital investors



children's medical ventures products


venture medical jackson ga




Web Results

Mayo Clinic Health Solutions - Mayo Medical Ventures Fund ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Mayo Clinic Health Solutions - Mayo Medical Ventures Fund company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Frantz Medical Ventures

www.frantzgroup.com/fmv/index.html


Frantz Medical Ventures Fund I, L.P. (FMV) is a limited partnership whose objective is long-term capital appreciation through venture capital ...



Portfolio



Management



Contact Us



Frantz Medical Ventures Fund I, L.P.: Private Company ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Frantz Medical Ventures Fund I, L.P. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Frantz Medical Ventures Fund I, L.P. in Mentor, OH 44060 ...

listings.findthecompany.com/.../Frantz-Medical-Ventures-Fund-I-L-P...


Frantz Medical Ventures Fund I, L.P. is an open-ended investment management company located in Mentor, Ohio. View phone number, website, employees, products, revenue ...


Mayo Clinic Ventures

ventures.mayoclinic.org


Introduction to Mayo Clinic Ventures’ mission, processes, business development activities, available technologies, impact, news and contact information.


Guide Medical Ventures

https://www.guidemedicalventures.com


Guide Medical Ventures provides seed funding and management services for medical device start-up companies.


Access Medical Ventures

https://www.accessmv.com/#!


Access Medical Ventures is a U.S based venture capital fund that focuses specifically on investing and advancing medical device start-ups.


Venture Capital Firms Active in the Medical Device Field ...

www.mddionline.com/links/venture


Accuitive Medical Ventures is a $160 million fund that invests exclusively in early stage medical device technology opportunities nationwide. The group invests up to ...


Triathlon Medical Ventures - TMVP.com

www.tmvp.com


Triathlon Medical Ventures is a Midwest-based venture capital firm that invests exclusively in the life sciences. We provide equity capital ...


Accuitive Medical Ventures - Medical Technology Venture ...

amvpartners.com


Accuitive Medical Ventures (AMV) is a medical device venture capital firm. AMV is in business to finance and help develop early and expansion stage medical device and ...










Raise Medical Bill Donations - 100% Free Fundraising Site



Ad
 ·
www.youcaring.com/​Fundraising/​Medical



Raise Money & Reduce Medical Costs. Help Raise Medical Money For Free Today!


youcaring.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(176 reviews)





How it Works



Start Crowdfunding




Why it's Free



Medical Fundraising





Humana® Medicare Plans - Compare Medicare Plan Options



Ad
 ·
shop.humana.com



View Humana Medicare Advantage Plans with Affordable Monthly Premiums





Learn about Humana Plans



Agent Consultation



Humana® Walmart Rx Plan




Speak to a Licensed Agent



Enroll Today Online



Medicare Advantage Plans




Searches related tomedical ventures fund



the new venture fund


best venture capital funds


medical venture capital investors



children's medical ventures products


venture medical jackson ga




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








