




AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP - Investing- Rahimi  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O: Altavista Capital Markets, Llc Suite 8500 
    New York City, NY, 10007Phone: 8005477118 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-18


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Koorosh Rahimi 
 Executive 












AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001687716Company address: C/O ALTAVISTA CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC SUITE 8500 NEW YORK CITY 10007Phone number: 8005477118



People related to AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryRahimi  KooroshC/O: AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC One World Trade Center, Suite 8500New York CityNY




AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesAltaVista Agriculture Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Aviation & Aerospace Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC, AltaVista Energy Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Entertainment & Media Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Fashion & Textiles Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Financial Services Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP, ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA MINING & MINERAL RIGHTS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA OIL & NATURAL GAS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA REAL ESTATE VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RESTAURANT & NIGHTCLUB VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RETAIL & E-COMMERCE VENTURES FUND, LP












 






    Top venture capital funds for Food and Beverage industry                  ServicesMarket IntelligenceTailor Made ProjectsOpportunity AssessmentCategory AnalysisIntegrated SolutionsBeverage Marketing ServicesConcept DevelopmentBrand DevelopmentStrategy and CommunicationPackaging DesignNew Beverage DevelopmentBeverage Formula DevelopmentManufacturing and Co-PackingLaboratory ServicesSmall Scale Bottling PlantMarket ReportsOur WorkAbout UsBlog Contact usServices Market Intelligence Tailor Made ProjectsOpportunity AssessmentCategory AnalysisIntegrated SolutionsBeverage Marketing Services Concept DevelopmentBrand DevelopmentStrategy and CommunicationPackaging DesignNew Beverage Development Beverage Formula DevelopmentManufacturing and Co-PackingLaboratory ServicesSmall Scale Bottling PlantMarket ReportsOur WorkAbout UsBlog Follow us on:   Top Venture Capital Funds for Food and Beverage Industry  By Adomas Pranevičius - 1 year ago in News, Tips                  For those who are struggling to find venture capital funds who are investing in Food and Beverage industry we prepared a small list. Yes, it’s not a full global list of Food and Beverage VCs. Please drop us a comment if you think we should add something in to this list. I hope it will grow organically!Enjoy!1. First Beverage Group – company is based in Los Angeles and are successfully working since 2005. Company has some requiremnts for clients. First of all, revenues has to be of $1 million to $10 million, strong and sustainable gross margins and business related to beverage industry. Company is ready to invest between $1 million and $10 million. First Beverage Group already made some successful investments into such project like Project Juice, Essentia and Drizly. Company, which requires for investment has to be based in United States.2. Khosla Ventures – mainly invest into technology and innovative projects. Company takes serious measurement before making investment decision. Khosla has two different funds: seeds and main fund. First fund is suitable for innovative, crazy ideas which probably will work in the future. Second one, is for ideas with lower risk which can be divided by investors and start-ups.3. 21 Investors – company is based in Italy and has been investing since 1992. Company has made over 80 investments in France, Italy and Poland. Even though, company is based in Europe, they work worldwide. Today, 21 Investors are investing into companies with an EV € M 50 – 200.4. Sherbrooke Capital – established in 1999 in United States. Venture Capital Company invest only in companies who are already producing products or suppling their services. Usually, Sherbrooke Capital invests into companies with $5mm – $25mm in revenues and will invest up to $10mm in a given company. Sherbrooke Capital targets companies working in market like Healthy Food and Beverage, Animal Care Products, Green Living and others.5. Winklevoss Capital – provide guidance, relationships and capital for start-ups and middle size companies. Company finds business itself, which means getting an investment is pretty hard from Winklevoss Capital. Company has invested in such project like Partender, Rise Coffee, Minibar and many other successful ideas.6. Verlinvest – company are looking for possible investments into private and public companies from €25M to €100M (with the capacity to access and deploy higher amounts). It has no difference nor is the stake minority or majority. Verlinvest has already supported such projects like Sula, Viva Coco, Sambazon and others. Although, company is based in Europe, it works all over the world.7. 2X Partners – company focus on food, beverage, personal care, home care, pet care and other industry investments. Investors only invest into companies with $1mm – $15mm revenue range. Company is based in Chicago, United States.8. Inventages – is one of the world’s largest life-sciences, nutrition and wellness focused venture capital fund managers. This venture capital is perfect for start-ups with healthy beverage ideas. Among many projects there are these beverage products like Steaz, XO and others.9. Unilever Ventures – well known venture capital company focused on young and promising companies. Besides such well-known brands like Lumene, Unilever Ventures has been invested in such projects like froosh and SoBe V-Water. As company states in its’ website, they only invest into those projects which they are sure team can deliver outstanding results.10. Gastro Ventures – focus on “high-touch” food and beverage opportunities that fall outside the target of traditional investment models. Early stage specialty food companies are in a highly inefficient market for funding – falling in the gap between venture and growth equity. Criteria: revenuer between $100K – $5M, compelling health or/and functional benefits, history of attractive growth rates and others.11. Great Oaks – is based in New York and is one of the most active Seed investors. Typically, they invest between $50,000 and $500,000 in Seed or Series A financings. Great Oaks seeks for earliest stage companies working in technology, health and care, food and beverage industry. Company has made more than 200 investments since 2005.12. Tate & Lyle Ventures LP – company is looking for business working with technology in Food and Beverage industry. Tate & Lyle Venture LP capital company is ready to invest £1-2M as a first commitment to a company anticipating a similar amount in follow on investment. Fund was launched in 2006 and ever since is working all around the globe.13. Seventure – company was established in 1997 France. They already invested more than € 500 million in Europe. Seventure invests in European start-ups with high growth potential, with an amount of investment from 0.5 million euros up to 20 millions euros per firm from seed to later stage rounds.14. Pejmanmar – has been investing for more than 15 years. Company has a summer founders program, which is created for Stanford students to pursue their start-up ideas. Pejmanmar is ready to award $250k for 10% of the company via equity seed financing. Venture Capital invest only in United States and takes very serious look at students ideas.15. JMK Consumer Growth Partners – makes growth capital investments in branded consumer businesses which operate in the areas of food, beverage, beauty & personal care, and fashion & luxury which have revenues of $2mm to $15mm and seek capital from $1mm to $5mm.16. Encore Consumer Capital – a San Francisco-based private equity investment firm focused on the consumer products industry. The firm has raised nearly $400 million in equity capital and invested in sixteen companies, since 2005. The firm targets companies with between $10 million and $100 million in annual revenues.17. Coca-Cola Venture (VEB) – identifying high-potential growth brands in the North American beverage space for investment or ownership by The Coca-Cola Company. Since its inception, VEB has managed investments and acquisitions in such brands as Honest Tea and Fuze, and the commercialization of illy issimo ready to drink coffee.18. Catterton – is a leading consumer-focused private equity firm in North America with $2.5 billion under management and one of the strongest private equity investment track records in the middle market consumer industry. Catterton Partners invests in all major consumer segments, including Food and Beverage, Retail and Restaurants, Consumer Products and Services, and Media and Marketing Services.19. ACG Investors – (ACG) is a private equity fund which provides growth capital and value-added partnership to the most promising young consumer, retail and restaurant brands. ACG invests in differentiated, high-growth companies with at least $5 million in annual sales that are seeking $2 million to $10 million of minority growth capital.  They have already made investments into beverage products like Suja Juice.20. Next Level Venture – invests in growing companies that are based in Iowa. They typically invest $1 million to $4 million for a minority ownership position in later-stage venture situations. Next Level Venture is looking for Iowa companies with big opportunities.21. Distill Ventures – company already invested into more than 10 beverage projects since 2013. Distill Venture invests only into alcoholic drinks of all types, except beer and wine. Companys investments so far have ranged in size from £175k to over £10m. Among projects they already invested in there are these like Stauning, Starward and others.22. Lion Capital – a global business, with a focus on Europe and North America. Venture Capital Company already invested into these beverage projects: Russian Alcohol Group, Orangina Schweppes. Company has already invested into more than 100 unique consumers brands.23. Demeter Group – has deep experience in Beverage Alcohol and Beauty with premium brands utilizing innovation to transform large categories. Provide Growth Capital for premium Beverage Alcohol brands in the U.S. with $5 – $25 million minority stake investments. Demeter Group had been working with these brands: Cuvee 20, Benzinger, Mark West and others.24. Invenfin – focus is equity funding of businesses that have evolved well beyond the seed or start-up stage, with high growth potential, typically achieved through scaling internationally. Within theur multi-sector mandate Invenfin has identified Food and Beverages as one of their key focus areas.25. YelloStone Capital – a Houston-based, private investment company and family office focused on acquiring and/or investing in small-to-medium sized businesses in the following sectors: Energy, Power, Industrial and Water, Branded Food & Beverage, Energy Technology and Life Sciences. Venture Capital requires a minimum of $10 million in revenues for stand-alone acquisitions.IMPORTANT  Get an extensive list of top beverage industry investors in Europe  with details to help you raise money or find the right acceleration program Investors and Business Accelerators for the Beverage Sector: EuropeInvestors and Business Accelerators for the Beverage Sector: USA   &amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;lt;div style=”display:inline;”&amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;lt;img height=”1″ width=”1″ style=”border-style:none;” alt=”” src=”//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/1040674223/?guid=ON&amp;amp;amp;amp;script=0″/&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/div&amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;gt; Adomas PranevičiusAdomas Pranevicius is the co-founder and CEO of MyDrink Beverages.
Adomas specializes in beverage concept development, start-up beverage projects, business development and brand building.
He is also writing a blog about latest beverage trends and innovations. His insights and ideas have been quoted in BeverageDaily.com, Soft Drinks International, Beverage World and other media sources.Ready to discuss YOUR project? Contact Us And Get A Free Quote in 24 HoursEnjoyed the read? Share with others on:   Share on Facebook    Share on Linkedin   Related posts    Why Market Intelligence is a Must for Your Beverage Business?  By Tadas KruckauskasRead more    Beverage Industry Trends after PLMAs World of Private Label 2017  By Ieva JurevicieneRead more Start your beverage brand today Contact Us And Get A Free Quote in 24 Hours    MyDrink Beverages is a global beverage business consulting company. Team of beverage industry experts which is ready to support you in your project. Follow us on:   CompanyServicesAbout UsMarket ReportsOur WorkBlogContact usProductsAlcohol BeveragesBeauty DrinksCoconut WaterCollagen DrinksEnergy DrinkFlavored WatersFunctional DrinksGinHerbal DrinksLiqueursProtein DrinksRelaxation DrinksSmoothiesSoft DrinksSports DrinksVitamin WatersVodkaServicesMarket IntelligenceBeverage Marketing ServicesNew Beverage Development Follow us on:    MyDrink Beverages © 2008-2017 All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Web design by Vata Studio       Read More Interested to find an Investor for Your Beverage Startup?        

AccelFoods fund for food and beverage innovators reaches $35 million  |  TechCrunch




































































































































 



Menu


Search




Follow Us
Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS


More


Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS






								Got a tip? Let us know.









Message Us




Search TechCrunch
Search TechCrunch



Search



Search














×









Hi!

		You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
	

		Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
	

		Thanks,
		TC Team
	





 












Disrupt SFGet your Early Bird discount on Disrupt SF tickets before they expire								
																			Get Your Tickets Now																												




















eCommerce







Online consignment shop thredUp takes on The RealReal with launch of Luxe














Amazon prepares to enter Southeast Asia via Singapore launch














Facebook, Twitter, Google warned over EU consumer rights













Browse more...








eXo







Does Gillette know your name?














Turn a DJI Phantom 4 into a search & rescue drone with the EXO 1 exoskeleton














This startup just got $4 million to get you to eat more bugs













Browse more...








Consumer packaged goods







With $50 million in funding, Brandless sells everyday essentials for $3 each














Tyson Foods launches new venture fund to back food and agriculture startups














We are on the verge of a consumer M&A avalanche













Browse more...








amazon launchpad





AccelFoods







AccelFoods has a new cohort of food-focused startups














Food Startups Are Riding A VC Gravy Train













Browse more...









AccelFoods fund for food and beverage innovators reaches $35 million


	Posted Mar 8, 2017 by Lora Kolodny (@lorakolodny)




0
SHARES

















































Next Story

Google’s new machine learning API recognizes objects in videos












AccelFoods, an accelerator and fund that backs innovative food and beverage companies, has added $15 million to its second fund, according to founding partners Jordan Gaspar and Lauren Jupiter.
AccelFoods has backed brands making products that range from edgy to adorable. Examples are Exo, which makes protein supplements and bars from crickets (yes the insects); Four Sigmatic, which uses a blend of beans and mushrooms to make anti-oxidant rich coffees with mild caffeine; and Tea Drops, a maker of tea that dissolves in hot water, doesn’t require a bag and is formed into cute flower and heart shapes.
With AccelFoods’ help, portfolio companies frequently launch products via the Amazon Launchpad food store, which targets shoppers looking for something new. Other venture firms and accelerators have joined the platform, but AccelFoods was an early participant there.
Based in New York, AccelFoods plans to continue investing in startups that tap into, or in some cases touch off, new consumer snacking, grocery and health trends. But it will now be able to invest in food and beverage startups at different stages, not just fledgling brands.
Typically, AccelFoods will now write checks from $250,000 up to $3 million for a given deal, depending on the stage the company is in and other investors at the table. They will back companies that aren’t yet revenue generating, up to companies doing $10 million in annual sales, with established relationships across groceries and distributors.
Since 2014, when AccelFoods made its first investments, several new venture firms have cropped up to back “CPG” or consumer packaged goods companies and food-related technologies. They include strategic, or company-affiliated funds like Kelloggs’ 1894 Capital or Campbell’s Soup-affiliated Acre Venture Partners and standalone funds like S2G Ventures, PowerPlant Ventures and CAVU Venture Partners.
Even traditional tech-oriented venture firms have allocated capital to the makers of food and beverages. For example, Khosla Ventures and GV (formerly Google Ventures) backed the makers of “next-gen meats and cheeses” made entirely from plants, Impossible Foods, and True Ventures and Index Ventures are among the many tech firms backing Blue Bottle Coffee.
Gaspar said food and beverage businesses can be higher-tech than many assume, from managing direct-to-consumer relationships and building an e-commerce brand to reach early customers well before their products are sold widely at supermarket chains, to the ways they use big data analytics to develop flavors and proteins.
Jupiter said she did not have permission to name AccelFoods’ new limited partners. However, she said, “They are a mix of high-net-worth individuals, family offices and corporates with strategic capabilities in the food and beverage space The idea is that through our LP base, we bring together different parties with unique interests to move innovation forward.”
Some of the fund’s limited partners would have been viewed as competitors in the past.

Featured Image: AccelFoods




0
SHARES
































			Advertisement		












			Advertisement		



 



Crunchbase






				AccelFoods			


 
Founded
2013


Overview
AccelFoods is an accelerator program for early-stage food and beverage companies loosely based on successful models in the technology sector. Our platform offers hands-on operational and financial support, a deep bench of mentors, strategic partnerships, and access to capital in an effort to instill best practices in the businesses that we work with so that they can scale more effectively.


Location

New York, NY



Categories

Food and Beverage, 																													Venture Capital, 																													Hospitality 


Founders
Jordan Gaspar, Lauren Jupiter


Website

http://accelfoods.com 


Full profile for AccelFoods 










	Newsletter Subscriptions









The Daily Crunch
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox






TC Weekly Roundup
Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories






Crunchbase Daily
The latest startup funding announcements





Enter Address

Subscribe


SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS »
			


 


		Latest Crunch Report 







Facebook Smart Speaker on the Way | Crunch Report





Watch More Episodes




















							eXo						





							Consumer packaged goods						





							amazon launchpad 						





							AccelFoods						





							eCommerce						



Popular Posts


 

















Featured Stories





 

The RealReal announces plans for a luxury consignment store
VIDEO | 3:26 | Features






 

Get ready to finally say goodbye to Flash — in 2020
12 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois






 

Adobe accidentally leaks photo-editing app Project Nimbus
12 hours ago | Romain Dillet






 

Facebook reportedly building smart speaker with touch screen
13 hours ago | Josh Constine






 

Elon Musk says Mark Zuckerberg’s understanding of the future of AI is ‘limited’
19 hours ago | Jon Russell









Latest From Startups





 

Momenta raises $46M Series B for its self-driving car software
1 hour ago | John Mannes






 

SEC regulators are coming after ICOs
6 hours ago | Katie Roof






 

Sage Group buys Intacct accounting software for $850M
8 hours ago | Katie Roof






 

Wallflower wants to prevent cooking fires by making your stove smarter
11 hours ago | Jordan Crook










 
















									Comment moderation powered by 

 









Up Next
Google’s new machine learning API recognizes objects in videos

	Posted Mar 8, 2017  



CrunchBoard

Job Listings



Talent Manager at Triplebyte (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Principal Engineer, Front-end Platform at IAC (Oakland, CA, United States)




Business Process Analyst (#18-1480) at Wisconsin Court System (Madison, WI, United States)




Director of Technology and Innovation  at Brunswick Corporation (Chicago, IL, United States)




Tools and Automation Engineer at SonoSim Inc. (Santa Monica, CA, United States)




More from CrunchBoard















			Advertisement		

















 

































































































































































News




Startups
Mobile
Gadgets
Enterprise
Social
Europe
Asia
Crunch Network
Unicorn Leaderboard
Gift Guides
All GalleriesAll Timelines 




Videos




Apps
Bullish
Crunch Report
Disrupt NY 2017
Judah vs the Machines
All ShowsAll Videos 




Events




Disrupt
Startup Battlefield
Battlefield Africa
Battlefield Australia
Crunchies
Meetups
International City Events
Hackathon
Sessions
Include
TechCrunch Store
All Events 


Crunchbase













				Message Us			










Most Popular





								Crunch Report | Facebook Smart Speaker on the Way							

								1 hour ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze							



								Momenta raises $46M Series B for its self-driving car software							

								1 hour ago by John Mannes							



								This facial recognition system tracks how you’re enjoying a movie							

								3 hours ago by Devin Coldewey							



								Spin brings its pick-up-anywhere bike sharing to South San Francisco							

								3 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber							



								AI Grant aims to fund the unfundable to advance AI and solve hard problems							

								4 hours ago by John Mannes							



								Here’s the schedule for when Legendary Pokémon will come and go in Pokémon GO							

								5 hours ago by Greg Kumparak							



								Canaan Partners just closed on $800 million — its biggest fund (by a lot)							

								6 hours ago by Connie Loizos							



								Facebook is hiring a (human) AI Editor							

								6 hours ago by Natasha Lomas							



								SEC regulators are coming after ICOs							

								6 hours ago by Katie Roof							



								Blue Apron COO Matthew Wadiak steps down in post-IPO shakeup							

								7 hours ago by Matthew Lynley							



 










Equity Financing for Food Startups






























































RealFoodMBA
Building Good Food Startups Into Profitable Businesses











List: Sources of Equity Financing for Food Startups
TOPICS:angel fundsfinancingprivate equityventure capital 



Posted By: Erin Lenhardt
July 17, 2017


As someone who loves food, wants to change the world, and believes that start-ups and early stage financiers can help drive much-needed change in our food industry, I keep tabs on investors working in the food and agriculture spaces. Here’s a quick list of groups working in the industry — and for startups, potential sources of equity financing.
Note: Originally published on April 28, 2015. The current publication date reflects the last time the list was updated.
Accelerators
What: Time-bound programs that typically offer mentorship, co-working space, and usually funding, often in the form of equity. Check out my list of accelerators and incubators here. The cash you’ll receive from these programs is usually not very substantial. If you’re truly fundraising, keep reading.
Angel Investors
What: Angels are individual investors who choose to invest their personal money. They often invest at the seed round. Note: Some angel investors prefer debt-financing to equity financing. (And as a start-up, you might prefer that, too.) More on convertible notes later.








Angel Food Network
Chicago
IL
no investments as of 2015


Austin Foodshed Investors
Austin
TX
“connecting accredited investors with local sustainable food companies”


Colorado Food Investments
Boulder
CO
sustainable food investments


Food Angels
New York
NY
food, alcohol, CPG, drink or foodtech companies


Hyde Park Angels
Chicago
IL
they have a consumer group that does some food business investing


Slow Money
New York
NY
“$57 million has been invested in more than 632 local and organic food enterprises through our network”



Equity Crowdfunding
Crowdfunding has gained a lot of attention in the last decade. There are two types.
Cash-for-perks: Crowdfunding is a way to take your fundraising efforts to the crowd. In exchange for some kind of perk (a shout out, early access to a new product, a t-shirt, etc.), startups get cash from the crowd.  See the list of crowdfunding platforms dedicated to food & beverage, consumer goods, and agriculture here.
Cash-for-equity: The other model for crowdfunding, which became a legal reality after the Title IV of the JOBS Act Jobs Act got the green light, is cash-for-equity.  Investors may be angels or funds, which puts CrowdFunding (for equity) nicely between Accelerators & Venture Capital in terms of sources of equity. The platforms listed below curate deal flow for their investors, so you’ll have an additional round of selling to do just to get listed. From there, each investor makes their own decision on whether or not they’re interested in investing.








AgFunder
San Francisco
CA
AgTech


CircleUp
San Francisco
CA
Consumer Goods, including food & beverage


FundersClub
San Francisco
CA
Funds a variety of startups; food startups that have utilized this resource include SpoonRocket, Zesty, Goldbely, and Instacart


Venture.co
Burlington
VA
Early stage investment bank packaging and selling raises from $400k-$15M; features some consumer-facing companies including food & bev



Venture Capital
What: VCs are institutional investors (i.e., individuals investing from a fund). Venture Capital firms usually invest at a slightly later stage than angels and in larger amounts, but these things are usually functions of their fund size, mandate, and investment themes. Venture Capital funding is hard to get.








Agri-Innovation Venture Capital Fund
Norwich
United Kingdom



AgTech Innovation Fund
Davis
CA



Aqua Capital Management
Omaha
NE
water rights investment and management


Aqua-Spark
Utrecht
Netherlands



Aquacopia
New York
NY
Venture Capital for Aquaculture


Armonia
Greenwich
CT
regenerative farmland, brands & funds (focus on grass-fed beef)


Arthur Ventures Growth Fund
Fargo
ND
focused on software, but sometimes makes ag software investments – Fargo, ND & Minneapolis


Avrio Capital
Calgary, Toronto, Montreal
Canada
“innovative food & agriculture companies”


Better Food Ventures
Menlo Park
CA
Food/Tech


Blueberry Ventures
San Francisco
CA
“innovate brands in the food and beverage space”


Boulder Food Group (BFG)
Boulder
CO
Food & Beverage


Bradmer Foods
Baltimore
MD
Consulting & Investment Firm


Capitol Food Ventures
Washington
DC
business advisory and investment firm for food & ag businesses


CAVU Venture Partners
Austin
TX
CAVU Venture Partners is a venture capital firm that invests in firms in food and beverage; $365M fund


Clearwell Group
Tampa
FL



Cleveland Avenue
Chicago
IL
Started by McDonald’s former CEO Don Thompson, this VC fund is focused on food, beverage, and restaurant concepts


Cultivian Sandbox
Chicago
IL
AgTech


Cultivian Ventures
Carmel
IN



Data Collective
San Francisco
CA
focused on big data; has made several AgTech investments


Dom Capital Group
Chicago
IL
focused on restaurants & hospitality


Edible Ventures
Boston
MA
currently raising a fund


Fair Food Fund
Ann Arbor
MI
funds good food businesses


Farm2050
Palo Alto
CA
AgTech


Fresh Source Capital
Cambridge
MA
sustainable food & agriculture


Fund the Food
Ashville
AL
student-led fund started by the Kirchner Private Capital Group, focused on food security


Gastronome Ventures
San Diego
CA
Specialty Food


GreenSoil Investments
Tel Aviv, Toronto

products and services focused on smart and efficient use of resources such as land and water


Inventages
London, Hong Kong

Life sciences, nutrition, and wellness


Isocline Ventures
Charleston
SC
Wine & Spirits


JumpCapital
Chicago
IL
recently invested in several food companies


Khosla Ventures
Menlo Park
CA
recently invested in several food companies


Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Green Growth Fund
Menlo Park
CA
historically interested in CleanTech; venturing into AgTech now


Lewis & Clark Ventures
St. Louis
MO
“We Provide Series A | B Round Venture Capital To High Potential Innovators Throughout The Midwest”


Liquid Asset Brands
Chicago
IL
focused on innovative beverage brands, Liquid Asset invests from seed to series B


Maveron
Seattle, San Francisco

concentrates on consumer start-ups only


MetaBrand’s Capital Pillar
Edison
NJ
consumer products with a focus on food and beverage, these guys provide both debt and equity financing and also provide advisory services


Mokja Ventures
Washington
DC
$5M fund for local restaurants


New Ground Ventures
Westport
CT
FoodTech, Branded Food & Beverage


NGEN Partners
New York
NY



NRV
Richmond
VA



Powerplant Ventures
Los Angeles
CA
flying a little under the radar, these guys have invested in Thrive Market and REBBL; focused on plant-based ventures


Rabo Food & Agri Innovation Fund 


“Part of Rabo Private Equity, the Rabo Food & Agri Innovation Fund will invest in early-stage food and agriculture companies in the United States and Western Europe.”


Raptor Group
Boston
MA
recently invested in several food companies


Salt Partners Group
San Francisco
CA
Food & Beverage


Salt Venture Partners
Boston
MA
FoodTech; Boston and SF


Seed to Growth (S2G)
Chicago
IL
transformative food and agriculture companies


SJF Ventures
Durham
NC
AgTech; NYC and SF


Smallholding Investments
San Francisco
CA
early stage ($1m-$10m revenue) food and consumer products


Sonoma Brands
Sonoma
CA
founded by Krave Jerky founder


SOS Ventures
New York
NY
runs the FoodX accelerator and has made several investments in the food space


Spiral Sun Ventures
Chicago
IL
“We are a mission-based seed capital fund that promotes a healthier lifestyle by investing in companies that create better-for-you consumer products.”


True North Venture Partners
Chicago
IL
“invests in early stage companies with disruptive innovations that can reshape socially important industries such as energy, water, agriculture and waste.”


Upfront Ventures
Santa Monica
CA
Partner Kara Nortman backed Power Supply/Territory in their most recent round


Uprise Ventures
New York
NY
invested in Sir Kensington’s; focus on the consumer space; emphasize connecting companies with key influencers


Valley Oak Investments
San Francisco
CA
Early-stage food, agriculture, and health & wellness companies


Village Capital
Washington
DC
Also invests in ag, ag-tech, and aquaculture



Other VC groups making occasional food investments: Accel Partners, Andreessen Horowitz, Hospitality Capital (NYC), Maveron LLC, SV Angel, True Ventures, Obvious Collection, Revolution (Steve Case: Sweetgreen), Yellowstone Capital
Corporate Venture Capital 
What: Corporate VCs are institutional investors in the sense that they’re investing out of a fund, but their investments are usually bankrolled by a parent corporation who wants to fund innovations in their industry (often because it gives them a line-of-sight into emerging trends and opportunities). Depending on the size of the fund and its strategy, these groups may have been formed as part of the firm’s M&A strategy. Note that CPGs launching an internal fund is a strong and growing trend.








20 Million and Change
Ventura
CA
Patagonia’s clothing, food, water, energy, and waste fund


301 Inc.
Minneapolis
MN
General Mills’ corporate VC


7-Ventures
Dallas
TX
711’s VC Fund


Acre Venture Partners
Santa Monica
CA
Campbell’s $125M fund


Boulder Brands Investment Group
Boulder
CO
Boulder Brand’s early stage investment group; they’ve got an M&A group, too


Constellation Ventures
Victor
NY
Constellation Brand’s venture arm; emphasis on spirits


Cultivate Ventures
Washington
D.C.
Hain Celestial’s venture arm


Distill Ventures
London
United Kingdom
Diageo’s VC fund for investing in alcoholic and non-nonalcoholic beverage brands


Dupont Ventures


Agriculture, etc


Eighteen94
Battle Creek
MI
Kellogg’s $100M fund that launched in June 2017


Emil Capital Partners
Greenwich
CT
owned by Tengelmann Group


General Mills Ventures
Minneapolis
MN
(for brands with revenues of $3MM or more)


Maumee Ventures
Maumee
OH
Ag Innovation, owned by The Andersons


Monsanto Growth Ventures
San Francisco
CA
AgTech


Tyson New Ventures, LLC
Chicago
IL
Tyson Food’s new $150MM fund focused on innovation in its core fresh meats, poultry and prepared foods businesses


Unilever Ventures
Englewood Cliffs
NJ
Unilver’s €450mm fund headquartered in London, with a US office in Englewood Cliffs, NJ


VEB
Atlanta
GA
Coca Cola’s fund


ZX Ventures
New York
NY
AB-InBev’s VC fund for investing in alcoholic beverages



Growth Equity
What: Growth Equity shops are institutional investors (i.e., individuals investing from a fund). Growth Equity firms invest at much later stages, and at much greater amounts, than VC firms. Conceptually, you might think of them as sitting between venture capital and private equity (see below), but growth equity is ultimately a segment of private equity.  These investors prefer de-risked investments, invest when companies have tens of millions of dollars in revenues and/or EBITDA, and create value through profitable revenue growth. Hence, growth equity.








2x Consumer Products Growth Partners
Chicago
IL
Generally with revenue between $2 million and $25 million; no pre-revenue businesses


Advantage Capital Agribusiness Partners
New York
NY
agriculture investing; some growth equity, some PE (they’re an RBIC)


Anterra Capital
Amsterdam, Boston

focus on companies that are transforming the safety, security and sustainability of global food


BIGR Ventures
Boulder
CO
growth equity fund providing value-added, strategic partnership and capital to promising early-stage natural and organic products; http://bizwest.com/2016/09/07/boulder-investment-group-reprise-raises-55m-new-natural-products-fund/


Greenmont Capital Partners
Boulder
CO
green consumer products


Pontifax
Los Angeles
CA
foodtech, agtech


Sunrise Strategic Partners
Boulder
CO
provides growth capital and expertise to emerging brands in the healthy, active and sustainable living space that resonate with millennials, have a strong proof of concept and have reached approximately $10-$20 million in revenue



Private Equity
What: Private Equity shops are institutional investors (i.e., individuals investing from a fund) using a combination of equity and debt (also known as leverage).  In the eighties, private equity transactions were known as leveraged buyouts, or LBOs. Like other investors, the size of private equity investments are typically a function of fund size and strategy, but these are late-stage buyouts.  Turnarounds may or may not be involved.









AGR Partners
Davis
CA
evergreen fund focused on food & ag value chain


Alliance Consumer Growth
NYC and LA

consumer goods, including food & beverage


Altamont Capital Partners
Palo Alto
CA
Their consumer portfolio includes a few food companies


Arbor Investments
Chicago
IL
Food & Beverage


Arlon Capital
New York
NY
middle-market food & agriculture


Equilibrium Capital
San Francisco, London, Portland (OR)

recent ACM Permanent Crops Fund is focused on … permanent crops; SF and Oregon


Farmland LP
San Francisco
CA
buys conventional farmland, converts to organic


First Beverage Ventures
Los Angeles
CA
PE arm of First Beverage, focused on “emerging beverage companies”


Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison
Minneapolis
MN



Hancock Agricultural Investment Group
Boston
MA
row & permanent cropland


Homestead Capital
San Francisco
CA
operating farmland


Investeco Sustainable Food Fund
Toronto
Canada



JH Whitney & Co
New Canaan
CT
invests in some consumer goods & restaurant groups


Kainos Capital
Dallas
TX



Kirchner Food Security Group
Ashville
AL
Agriculture


Paine + Partners
Chicago
IL
Food & Agribusiness; Chicago, NC, CA


Retail & Restaurant Growth Capital Lp

TX
just like it sounds, but they invest $1-3M along side other PE firms and try to add value through consulting services


Rural America Fund
Chicago
IL
growing middle-market rural American companies, principally in agriculture or ag-related businesses


Sherbrooke Capital
Wellesley
MA
branded consumer goods


Southern Pastures
Auckland
New Zealand
pasture land


Sovos Brands
San Francisco
CA
team of CPG veterans, backed by Advent International


Swander Pace Capital
San Francisco
CA
consumer products; SF and NJ


Verlinvest
NYC, Singapore, Paris, Brussels

consumer-focused fund with a food & beverage (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) theme; shareholders are all from AB-InBev


VMG Partners
Los Angeles
CA
lower-middle market, branded consumer products; SF and LA


Winona Capital
Chicago
IL
some branded food products



Think this list is missing a group or someone important? Want to update your organization’s listing? Email me.

 

 
 

Be the first to comment on "List: Sources of Equity Financing for Food Startups"


Leave a comment Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published.CommentName *
Email *
Website
 

 



What Problem Are You Solving?

Search for:



Get Monthly Updates 

Deep Thoughts
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
— GhandiLatest Headlines



@ErinLenhardt

July 25, 2017



                                        Food entrepreneurs share the best and worst career advice they have received buff.ly/2uuMkll w/ @EatBanza… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 








@NSFoodsMemo

July 19, 2017



                                        Food product startups take note: Good piece by @BrieOnFood on the realities of getting slotted. #foodstartups… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 








@ErinLenhardt

July 4, 2017



                                        Washington, D.C., emerging as food startup hub buff.ly/2uiBI8E w/ @UnionKitchenDC @TasteLabDC… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 








@ErinLenhardt

June 16, 2017



                                        A business case for investing in food & drink startups buff.ly/2rAEh3p w/ @Rabobank & @FoodBytes 








@ErinLenhardt

June 14, 2017



                                        In Kombucha news, @hummkombucha raises $8M Led By VMG Partners buff.ly/2t06BOM via @BevNET #functionalfoods… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 






 



 



Connect With Me



 














web stats




Capital Roundtable Food Beverage Private Equity Conference 2012














MasterClassTM










Join Our Mailing List | Audio Packages | Contact Us | Our Homepage









 
Sponsors



Association Partners



Research Partners



Media Partners







 


 

 
Partial List of 
      Past Attendees
Akoya Capital Partners LLC
AlixPartners LLP
Alvarez & Marsal Transaction Advisory Group LLC
American Beverage Corp.
Apple & Eve LLC
Apta Capital LLC
Argo Inc.
Arlon Group LLC
Bain & Co. Inc.
Barclays Capital Inc.
Beverage Business Insights
Bevology LLC
Billow Butler & Co.
Biscotti Toback & Co.
BMO Capital Markets
Brynwood Partners
C. W. Downer & Co.
Campbell Soup Co.
Carter Morse & Mathias
Castanea Partners
CDC Software Corp.
Celebration Foods Inc.
Centerview Partners
Chatham Capital Partners Inc.
        Churchill Financial
CIC Partners
CIT Corporate Finance
Covington & Burling
Crescendo Partners
Cypress Group LLC
David N. Deutsch & Co. LLC
Davis Capital Corp.
Dean Enterprises
Dickstein Shapiro LLP
Dryden Investments
Duane Morris LLP
Duff & Phelps LLC
 Edgeview Partners
Emerging Growth
Equities Ltd.
Empeiria Acquisition Corp.
Empire Valuation Consultants LLC
Encore Consumer
Faegre & Benson LLP
Falcon Investment Advisors LLC
Flaherty & O'Hara PC
Founders Equity Inc.
GE Antares Capital 
General Foods Holdings
George K. Baum Capital Advisors 
George Weston Ltd.
Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group LP
Grant Thornton LLP
Gryphon Investors
Hadley Partners Inc.
Harris Williams & Co.
Highlander Partners
Holtz Rubenstein
Reminick LLP
      India Brook Partners
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Kirkland & Ellis LLP
KKR Capstone 
L. E. K. Consulting
Latham & Watkins
Lazard Middle Market
 Leadership Solutions
Lincolnshire Management Inc.
Lion Capital (Americas) Inc.
Lucas Group Inc.
Luther King Capital Management Corp.
MamaMancinis LLC
McGladrey
Morgan Keegan & Co.
Morgan Stanley Private Equity
Nassau Candy Inc.
Naturally Nora Inc.
New England Consulting Group
NewStar Financial Inc. 
Nielsen Co.
Nielsen Financial Services Inc.
Nixon Peabody LLP
North Castle Partners
Novacap Investments
Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP
Oxford Capital Partners
 Palladium Equity
Park Hill Group LLC
PeaceWorks Holdings
Pepper Hamilton LLP
Plante & Moran PLLC
Rabo Securities USA
RSR Partners
Sawaya Segalas & Co. 
Schwab Capital
Solidarity Fund QFL
Stephens Inc.
Sunny Delight Beverages Co.
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Inc.
Swander Pace Capital
Thompson Brands
TorQuest Partners
TSG Consumer Partners
Unilever-Americas
Valuation Research
Villa Enterprises Management Ltd. Inc.
Vitalicious Inc.
VMG Partners
Weiser LLP
Westrock Coffee
Windjammer Capital Investors LLC

 
 
 





Clear the date April 19 on your calendar! 
CLICK HERE now to register before it's too late!
 
Ninth Annual  Conference
On Private Equity  & Mezz Investing 
In  Middle-Market Food & Beverage Companies
 

Private Equity Investing 
In Food & Beverage Companies 
Success Is  Breeding Success
In This  High Growth Sector
 
  Attendance Is Limited! 
  CLICK HERE  to Register Now
                         
CO-CHAIRED BY
Joan Y. McCabe  & Ian B. MacTaggart 
Managing Partners
Brynwood  Partners LP


 
  Featuring 20 Expert Speakers Including -- 


J. Bradley Barnhorn, Barnhorn Growth Advisors
Michelle S. Brooks, Arlon Group LLC
Martin A. Clarke, Dickstein Shapiro LLP 

Michael J. Faherty, Jr., NewStar Financial Inc. 
Timothy  Fallon, Columbus Foods Inc.
Christopher B. Harned, Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.
Stephen  Isaacs, BMO Harris Bank
W. Pieter Kodde, Lincolnshire Management Inc.
Nils  Lommerin, Del Monte Foods
Louis E. Marinaccio, North Castle Partners LLC
Don  McIntyre, Claridge Foods
Jeffrey F. Mengel, Plante & Moran PLLC

Kevin P. Murphy,  Encore Consumer Capital
Alexander S. Panos,  TSG Consumer Partners LLC
Geoffrey S. Parker, George K. Baum Capital Advisors
Jason W. Pike, Eos Partners LP
Michael Z. Rabin, Sawaya Segalas & Co. LLC
Kurt M. Roth, Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.
Stephen C. Sherrill, Bruckmann Rosser Sherrill & Co. LLC

Adam L. Suttin, 
      J. W. Childs Associates LP


 
Click Here to Register >>   Purchase Audio Package >>
 
 
 


   Visit Audio Library >>    Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 
FULL-DAY CONFERENCE
Thursday, April 19, 2012
8:00 am – 5:00 pm
  New York City 
Designed to Meet the Needs of  GPs, LPs, & Managers of Buyout, Growth Equity, Mezzanine, &  Lending Funds, as Well as Independent Sponsors, Operating Partners, Senior  Food & Beverage Executives, and the Bankers, Lawyers, Accountants, & Other Advisors Who Support  Them

Faculty | Schedule | Registration | Location | Sponsorship | Audio Package |   

Did you know that over 60% of all food and  beverage sales are impulse items?  
 
So it’s no wonder that middle-market food and  beverage companies continue to be so popular with investors and lenders.
 
What’s more, PE firms found 2011 to be a very  good year for successful food and beverage exits, as larger companies absorb exciting newer  entrepreneurial ones.  And the industry continues  to support high valuations, because the risks are lower than tech, healthcare,  and other popular sectors.
 
Consumers continue to seek out convenience  products and good-for-you products, often from brands and retailers new to  their shopping lists.  Dollar stores are  taking an increasingly larger share of the marketplace, and big box retailers  like Wal-Mart and Target have become grocery destinations. 
 
Last April, the seats were filled at our food  and beverage conference focusing on new consumer preferences.  This year, The Capital Roundtable is  assembling all-new content that will thoroughly cover the challenges of 2012  for buyers of middle-market food and beverage companies.
 
         That’s  why you’ll want to reserve the date of Thursday, April 19 to  
          attend our  ninth annual day-long conference on “Private Equity Investing 
          in Food &  Beverage Companies.”
 
         What’s  more, we’ve taken note of today’s emphasis on value. You can 
          enjoy our Early  Bird Rate -- a savings of $400 -- when you make your 
          reservations for this  conference by March 9!
 
         This  conference is being sponsored by --


Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc., a leading global investment bank focused on the middle market.
Dickstein Shapiro LLP, which provides extensive legal services to numerous clients in the food and beverage industry and its Private Equity Practice provides valuable insight to PE firms in connection with their investments, management, and dispositions of food and beverage companies.
Plante & Moran PLLC, which is among the nation’s largest certified public accounting and business advisory firms, providing clients with tax, audit, risk management, financial, technology, business consulting, and wealth management services.


        
No matter what anyone suggests, succeeding in  2012 and beyond is all about operations.  Money is not as much a scarce resource as  management.  You need to have strong  controls over every dime spent.  If you  don’t monitor carefully such details as trade spending, where things can  quickly get out of hand, your real numbers can be far less than what you were  anticipating.
 
And while food costs have come down over the  last year, making inflation less of a worry, you still have to pay close  attention to your margins.  With dollar  stores and value retailers taking such a large slice of the marketplace, you  may be aiming for a rock-bottom price point that either protects your existing  business, or helps you bid business away from incumbents at contract renewal  time.  Yet should commodities rise, you  can get into serious trouble.
 
20 Food and  Beverage Experts Bring You A 360º View Of The Possibilities 
 
To guide you through recent changes and  coming trends, we are pleased to have Joan  McCabe and Ian MacTaggart, Managing Partners of Brynwood Partners, return  as our conference co-chairs.  Brynwood is  a Greenwich, CT middle-market private equity that acquires companies in the  consumer sector with enterprise values between $25 and $125 million.
 
Joan joined the Brynwood III advisory  committee in 1997 and upon the formation of Brynwood IV joined the firm  full-time as a managing partner.  She  previously managed her own mergers and acquisitions advisory firm, and spent 15  years as an investment banker at Kidder Peabody, Drexel Burnham, and Paine  Webber.  Joan holds a BA in history from  Yale and an MBA from Harvard.
 
Ian joined Brynwood in 1996.  He previously spent six years at Merrill  Lynch, in both the mergers and acquisitions and the corporate finance departments.  He holds a BS in business from  Boston College and an MBA from the Fuqua School at Duke University.  Ian sits on the Executive Committee for  Brynwood Partners VI.
 
Along  with Joan and Ian, our four panel discussions will  feature 20 knowledgeable PE experts in the food & beverage sector,  including GPs, portfolio company operating executives, investment bankers, lenders,  consultants and more.  They will share  their real-world perspectives, lessons learned and industry outlooks, including  insights on recent deal activity and managing current portfolio companies.
 
One area that continues to offer appealing  opportunities is private label.  Consumers,  especially younger shoppers, are no longer loyal to the brands they grew up  with -- quite the opposite. Because this business is so highly fragmented, if  you can grow a private label company successfully you can practically count on  a profitable exit.
 
Convenience is also a key dynamic over the  next five to ten years, as on-the-go consumers seek out products that fit their  lifestyles.  Hand-held products,  particularly breakfast items, have seen dramatic growth of late -- and the  innovators in the category have been small food businesses, not the majors (who  had to play catch-up when it came to breakfast burritos).
 
Some of the major activity in 2011 included  acquisitions of privately-held companies by industry giants -- confectionery  Brookside Foods was purchased by Hershey, pretzel-maker National Pretzel was  purchased by ConAgra, and ultra-premium beverage brand Tea Forté and sausage  brand Aidells were purchased by Sara Lee.
 
In the growing frozen food category, Bellisio  Foods was sold to middle-market PE firm Centre Partners.  And in the often-rewarding world of corporate  orphans, Quaker Oats sold Kretschmer wheat germ to Brynwood Partners. 
 
Register  now to get all your questions answered by these  insightful pros, including --

What is different about the food and  beverage sector for 2012? 
Which product categories are likely to  provide the best returns from new transactions?  
Is  consumer demand still high for value products and good-for-you foods?
Why are commodity prices a plus when  purchasing companies today? 
How are lenders assessing food and  beverage deals? 
Are there food safety issues that may  affect food and beverage companies down the road? 
How should you be managing your  portfolio companies to handle growing retail concentration? 
How do you help management teams improve revenue in  today’s marketplace?? 
What are the key steps portfolio  companies can take to manage overall costs? 
What upcoming trends have the potential to shake up the  food & beverage industry? 
And much, much more. 

Connect With  Colleagues And Panelists Throughout The Day
 
Our food and beverage conference offers  exceptional networking opportunities with both fellow attendees and featured  speakers.  We’ve built in plenty of time  when you can exchange ideas and swap business cards -- including session breaks  and an open lunch.
 
You should attend this conference if  you are a --

GP or LP looking to invest in food and  beverage companies. 
New PE firm considering investing in  food and beverage companies. 
Hedge fund manager or venture  capitalist interested in this specialized space. 
Partner or operating executive of a  food and beverage portfolio company. 
Lender seeking participation in food  and beverage transactions. 
Investment banker pursuing deals with food  and beverage companies. 
Attorney or advisor representing food  and beverage companies. 
Executive search professional  recruiting for the PE industry. 

Remember, register with our Early Bird Rate by March 9 and you’ll save $400 off our standard fee!  Seats are available right now, but not for  long, so please make your reservation now so you’re not disappointed.  We’ll be looking forward to greeting you.
 
For  more information, please feel free to contact Mara Kane at 212-832-7300 ext. 0 or af@capitalroundtable.com.
 
This conference is being produced by The  Capital Roundtable, America’s leading conference organization focusing on  “need-to-know” information for professionals in the middle-market private  equity community.  For more information about  The Capital Roundtable’s 30 annual conferences and other events and programs,  please visit www.capitalroundtable.com.

^ Back to Top ^
Faculty

Chaired By

Joan Y. McCabe, Managing Partner, Brynwood Partners 
    LP
Ian B. MacTaggart, Managing Partner, Brynwood Partners 
    LP


Hosted By

Burt Alimansky, Managing Partner, Alimansky & Bethell Group, and Chairman, The Capital Roundtable

Speakers

J. Bradley Barnhorn, Principal, Barnhorn Growth Advisors
Michelle S. Brooks, Managing Principal, Arlon Group LLC
Martin A. Clarke, Partner, 
    Dickstein Shapiro LLP 
Michael J. Faherty, Jr., Director, NewStar Financial Inc. 
Timothy  Fallon, President & CEO, Columbus Foods Inc.
Christopher B. Harned, Managing Director, 
    Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.
Stephen  Isaacs, Managing Director, BMO Harris Bank
W. Pieter Kodde, Managing Director, Lincolnshire Management Inc.
Jeffrey H. Kuhr, Managing Director, Sawaya Segalas & Co. LLC
Nils  Lommerin, Chief Operating Officer, Del Monte Foods
Louis E. Marinaccio, Managing Director, North Castle Partners LLC
Don  McIntyre, President & CEO, 
    Claridge Foods 
Jeffrey F. Mengel, Partner, Plante & Moran PLLC 
Kevin P. Murphy, Director, Encore Consumer Capital
Alexander S. Panos, Managing Director, 
    TSG Consumer Partners LLC
Geoffrey S. Parker, Managing Director, George K. Baum Capital Advisors
Jason W. Pike, Principal, 
    Eos Partners LP
Michael Z. Rabin, Managing Director, 
    Sawaya Segalas & Co. LLC
Kurt M. Roth, Director, Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc. 
Stephen C. Sherrill, Managing Director, 
    Bruckmann Rosser Sherrill & Co. LLC 
Adam L. Suttin, Partner, 
    J. W. Childs Associates LP 


^ Back to Top ^
Schedule
 



Conference
07:30 - 08:30
  08:30 - 09:00
  09:00 - 09:45
  

  09:45 - 11:00

  11:00 - 11:30
11:30 - 12:30


            12:30 - 01:45
01:45 - 02:45

              02:45 - 03:30 

              03:30 - 04:30 

		    04:30
 
  


Thursday, April 19, 2012
 Registration, Networking, & Continental Breakfast
Welcoming Remarks & Audience Introductions
Featured Keynote -- "Key Trends & Issues for Investors in Food & Beverage Companies"
  First Panel -- “From the Trenches -- Five Private Equity Investors Report Why They Like Food & Beverage Companies”
  Coffee & Networking Break
Second Panel -- “Due Diligence, Deal Structuring, Pricing, & Exits -- Four Top Deal Professionals Explain How They Identify & Navigate the Unique Issues of Food & Beverage Deals  "
  Luncheon & Networking
Third Panel -- “Working with Food & Beverage Companies in Your Portfolio -- How to Help Them Enhance their Value”
Chairman�s Keynote -- "Why We Like the Food & Beverage Industry & How We Have Navigated Through the Deal Sourcing Process"
Fourth Panel -- “Exiting Food & Beverage Deals -- How to Prepare for the Best Liquidity Opportunities” 
  Networking & Adjournment




^ Back to Top ^
Registration

Early Bird Registration Fee -- and save $400 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, March 9, and the fee for the conference is $995.


Premiere Registration Fee -- save $200 off the standard fee! Register by Friday, March 30, and the fee for the conference is $1195.


After that, the  standard fee is $1395 for the conference. 


At the door, if space is available, the fee is $1495 for the conference.


 Special group rates -- The Capital Roundtable offers a special discount for 2 or more people.  For more info, please contact Mara Kane af@capitalroundtable.com or 212-832-7300 ext 0. 





Click Here to Register >>    Purchase Audio Package >>

 

 Visit Audio Library >>     Add to Outlook Calendar >>

 

You can pay by credit card (using the links above) or by check. Mail your check and business card to: New York Business Roundtable Inc., 12 East 44 Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
If the program is oversubscribed, we will notify you immediately and not charge your credit card.  (If you need to cancel, please do so by Thursday, April 12 at 5:00pm, and we will credit you for a future MasterClass.)

  From time to time, for reasons beyond Capital Roundtable's control, program schedules and speakers become subject to change.  We make every effort to announce substantive changes by email to registrants at least 48 hours in advance.
Have a special question?  Please contact Mara Kane at 212-832-7300 ext. 0 or by email at  af@capitalroundtable.com.

^ Back to Top ^
Location

The University 
Club
College Hall -- First Floor
One West 54 Street (at 5th Avenue)
New 
York City

^ Back to Top ^
Audio Package

Can't attend but want to hear the program? You can buy the audio package along with the handouts. Purchase the audio package online now.

^ Back to Top ^

Sponsorship
 The Capital Roundtable offers excellent marketing and business development opportunities to reach the middle-market private-equity community .  For
more details, please contact Dana DeMattia at 212-832-7300 or by email at  ddemattia@capitalroundtable.com.
^ Back to Top ^









Change Your Mailing Preferences
		To change your name or email address, or to select the mailings you wish to receive from us, go to our mailing preferences page.
Unsubscribe
		To unsubscribe from our mailings, go to our unsubscribe page. You may also unsubscribe by replying to this email and putting unsubscribe in the subject line or by writing to us at: Capital Roundtable, 12 East 44th Street, Penthouse, New York, NY 10017.
You are subscribed as [EMAIL]
 

No part of this text may be reproduced or otherwise published without the express written consent of The Capital Roundtable.
	    ©2010New York Business Roundtable Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
.  .
















Arbor Investments: Food & Beverage Private Equity - News




















 

About
Focus
Portfolio
Team
News



Contact Us  |
  Investor Login  |
  Search  









Home > News



Arbor News



Arbor Investments Acquires Dunn Paper, Inc.
August, 26, 2016  ·  For Immediate Release
Arbor Investments announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Dunn Paper, Inc., a Port Huron, Michigan based manufacturer of lightweight paper and tissue products from Dallas based Wingate Partners. Dunn, one of the premier specialty lightweight paper manufacturers in the United States, manufactures its products at six locations across the upper Midwest, East Coast and Ontario, Canada. Dunn specializes in custom paper solutions for their converting customers that meet demanding specifications from several of the top food and consumer products companies in North America. The current Senior Management team will continue to lead the organization.
Read More »


Arbor Investments Raises $890 million of Capital
July, 12, 2016  ·  For Immediate Release
Arbor Investments (“Arbor”), a specialized private equity firm that focuses exclusively on acquiring premier companies in the food, beverage and related industries, announced today the closing of its fourth equity fund, Arbor Investments IV, LP (“Fund IV”), as well as its inaugural captive subordinated debt fund, Arbor Debt Opportunities Fund I, LP (“DOF I”).  The funds, which were significantly oversubscribed, both closed on July 7, 2016.
Read More »


Arbor Investments Acquires South Coast Baking, LLC
March, 02, 2016  ·  For Immediate Release
Arbor Investments announced today the acquisition of California-based commercial bakery, South Coast Baking, LLC (“South Coast” or the “Company”). Founded in 2011 by baking industry veteran Kent Hayden, South Coast is one of the preeminent frozen cookie dough manufacturers in North America with an outstanding reputation in the baking industry for product quality, innovation and customer service. The Company operates out of two state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities strategically located in Irvine, California and Springdale, Arkansas and is a trusted partner to a number of North America’s leading club stores, grocery retailers, foodservice distributors and quick-service restaurants.
Read More »


Arbor Investments Acquires DPI Specialty Foods, Inc. From Ornua Co-Operative Limited
December, 14, 2015  ·  For Immediate Release
Arbor Investments announced today that it has completed the acquisition of a majority equity stake in Ontario, California-based DPI Specialty Foods, Inc. from Dublin, Ireland-based Ornua Co-Operative Limited. With approximately 1,800 employees and annual revenues in excess of $1.0 billion, DPI is one of the largest specialty food distributors in the United States.  The Company sells gourmet, ethnic, organic and better-for-you foods to national, regional and independent retailers, quick service restaurants and foodservice operators through eight distribution centers across the United States. DPI excels at enhancing its customers’ product offerings through customized sales, marketing and logistics solutions. Ornua will retain a minority equity interest in the Company and DPI’s existing senior management will continue to lead the organization.
Read More »


Arbor Investments Acquires Hudson Baking Company LLC
August, 19, 2015  ·  For Immediate Release
Arbor Investments, based in Chicago, Illinois, announced today the acquisition of Hudson Baking Company, LLC.  Founded in 2001 by Kristen and Tim Rieser, Hudson quickly became a recognized supplier of premium marshmallow crispy dessert bars, brownies, cookies and other baked goods. With a reputation for high-quality and innovative products and the ability to meet stringent product specifications, the Company is a valued supplier to customers in the co-manufacturing, convenience store, grocery retail and foodservice channels.  Hudson will continue to operate out of its facility in Hudson, Wisconsin.
Read More »




Latest News

Arbor Investments Acquires Dunn Paper, Inc.
Arbor Investments Raises $890 million of Capital
Arbor Investments Acquires South Coast Baking, LLC
Arbor Investments Acquires DPI Specialty Foods, Inc....
Arbor Investments Acquires Hudson Baking Company LLC

Archives by Year


Select a Year
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2002
2001











Arbor

About
Focus
Portfolio
Team
News



Featured Companies

Bradshaw International
Fieldbrook Foods
Midland Packaging




Resources

Contact Us
Investor Login
Download PDFs


© 2002-2017 Arbor Private Investment Company.All rights reserved.



Back to top


Arbor Background

Arbor: Our Firm Download PDF
Arbor: Partner With Us Download PDF
Arbor: Our Portfolio Download PDF
Arbor: Our Team Download PDF
Arbor: Transaction Highlights Download PDF
















Partners' joint venture to offer low-cost cannabis production - Food In Canada



























































 

 













































News

							Partners’ joint venture to offer low-cost cannabis production						
													
							BC greenhouse grower Village Farms and partner Emerald Health Therapeutics have created a joint venture to produce large-scale, low-cost, high-quality cannabis	
						

 
 



							June 19, 2017 



 
Food in Canada



								
							Serving Canada's Food & Beverage Processing Industry Since 1940.							
All posts by Food in Canada




Topics


Business OperationsFood In CanadaProcessing 


Sectors

Specialty Foods

 

 




 


Vancouver – Two BC firms have partnered to produce “large-scale, high-quality, low-cost cannabis.”
In a statement, Village Farms International Inc. announced that it has partnered with Emerald Health Therapeutics Inc. and the joint venture is a go.
As part of the partnership, says the statement, Village Farms “will initially contribute a 1.1 million sq.-ft. (25 acre) greenhouse facility in Delta, BC located on a 50-acre parcel of land (with ancillary buildings), which will be converted to ACMPR-compliant production (Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations) and, if permitted by applicable law, production for the non-therapeutic adult-use market.”
Emerald “will initially contribute an aggregate of $20 million in cash…to fund conversion of the Initial Greenhouse and each party will have a 50 per cent ownership stake in the joint venture.”
Village Farms is a large vertically integrated greenhouse grower and the only publicly traded greenhouse produce company in Canada, says the statement. The company has greenhouses in BC and Texas and partner greenhouses in BC, Ontario and Mexico. It produces and distributes premium-quality produce to national grocers in the US and Canada 365 days a year.
Emerald Health Therapeutics, says the statement, owns Emerald Health Botanicals, which holds a license under the ACMPR to cultivate and sell medical cannabis flower and oils out of its facility in Victoria. Emerald focuses on extraction and downstream product development. Emerald is “also developing 32 acres in the Lower Mainland to grow its unique strains of cannabis with the intention of treating medical conditions and developing consumer products.”
Highlights
The statement lists several details of the joint venture agreement, which include:
• 1.1 million sq. ft. of initial potential greenhouse cannabis production (estimated to yield more than 75,000 kg of product annually) upon completion of full licencing and greenhouse conversion;
• Formation of the joint venture strategically positions Emerald for rapid production capacity expansion in partnership with world-class greenhouse operators, preparing it for the future non-therapeutic market and existing undersupplied medical cannabis market;
• Emerald has significant cannabis industry experience, including a portfolio of high quality genetics and refined standard operating procedures, with a flawless record of operations under Health Canada’s stringent ACMPR regime;
• In the future, the joint venture has the potential to have access to up to 4.8 million sq. ft. of greenhouse cannabis production (estimated to yield more than 300,000 kg of product annually), which would supply a considerable portion of the expected future cannabis demand in Canada or for export abroad; and
• The joint venture expects its production will address a diverse array of cannabis products, including dried cannabis and quality inputs for extraction-based products, currently the fastest growing segment in the Canadian medical cannabis market and expected to be a meaningful part of the non-therapeutic adult-use market.






 
Food in Canada					
													Serving Canada's Food & Beverage Processing Industry Since 1940.													
All posts by Food in Canada






									Share This Post 


 Tweet
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Google+


 Print this page

Related Posts

Related 






Molson Coors enters joint venture with Cobra India









Saskatchewan company strikes $3M Chinese joint venture









Greenhouse vegetable grower partners with private equity firm









Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
E-mail *
Website
 

 



 
 
 



 










foodTV

Grain & Oilseed Milling





Non-GMO Sunflower Oil – The best choice for food manufacturers

  




 BC celebrates its food leaders and winners
Food prices in Canada set to rise: report 



 

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













ventures lp | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				ventures twist lp ventures sundazed ventures runnin lp ventures cd ventures where the action is lp ritchie valens lp ventures lp golden greats big brother lp




















				Find deals and best selling products for The Ventures LP Vinyl Music Records


Shop Now










Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






2,001
results for ventures lp

Follow ventures lp to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow ventures lp to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following ventures lp in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  ventures lp: 
 












Items in search results








The Ventures-Movie Theme Japan LP Liberty LBS-90117 Insert NM/VG+




					$14.99



				Buy It Now













New listing
		The Ventures LP Twist Party Vol 2 1962 Surf Stereo VG+/M-




					$15.00



				Buy It Now


















The Ventures Hawaii Five-O Liberty Records LP LST-8061



$0.99


0 bids

















THE VENTURES Rare Vinyl Lp THE FABULOUS VENTURES 1964 Dolton Beauty!




					$11.95



				or Best Offer













The Versatile Ventures LP 1967 Liberty Records SCR-5 Original Pressing




					$11.19

									Was: Previous Price
$13.99




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						20% off
















VENTURES - THE VENTURES ON STAGE LIVE - STEREO VINYL LP  DOLTON  BST - 8035




					$2.99



				Buy It Now













The Ventures - On Stage - Sealed Original Dolton LP - NEW



$19.98


0 bids

















VENTURES-IN SPACE  VINYL LP NEW




					$26.41



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisVENTURES-IN SPACE  VINYL LP NEW










VENTURES HAWAII GOLDEN GREATS LST-8053 VINYL RECORDS LP




					$2.99



				or Best Offer













The Ventures  LP  Go With The Ventures



$5.00


0 bids

















The Ventures Surfing LP 1963 pressing Sammy Lee Cover




					$9.99



				or Best Offer













1962 The Ventures Play Telstar - Lonely Bull Vinyl LP  Orange Vinyl  Mint NO RES



$1.00


1 bid

















The Ventures Vinyl LP Lot Where The Action Is + Christmas Album




					$10.99



				or Best Offer













The Ventures - In Space - Sealed Original Dolton LP - NEW



$19.98


0 bids

















Play Telstar [LP] by The Ventures (Vinyl, May-2016, Wax Time)









1 product rating




					$11.75



				Buy It Now


















Ventures vg+ LP Mashed Potatoes




					$7.49



				Buy It Now


















THE VENTURES "SURFING" 1963 ORIGINAL DOLTON RECORDS BST-8022 STEREO SURF NM LP




					$19.99



				Buy It Now


















Golden Greats by Ventures [Vinyl LP Record] 1979 벤처스




					$4.99



				Buy It Now














BOBBY VEE VENTURES FLEETWOODS JOHNNY BURNETTE VINTAGE PROMO LP




					$5.99



				Buy It Now













THE VENTURES HAWAII FIVE-O VINYL LP RECORD Liberty # LST-8061




					$7.20

									Was: Previous Price
$8.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off










The Ventures Lp Rock And Roll Forever in Shrink Ex to Nr Mint




					$3.99



				Buy It Now













The Ventures-Surfin' Deluxe Japan LP Liberty LBS-90114 Insert NM/VG++




					$9.99



				Buy It Now













The Ventures-On Stage Encore/Live Again Japan LP Liberty K25P-9152 Insert NM/VG+




					$9.99



				Buy It Now













SPONSORED
Twist with The Ventures LP Dolton mono SURF GARAGE VG




					$8.24

									Was: Previous Price
$10.99




				or Best Offer




Free shipping









Free fast shipping on 4+









SPONSORED
The Ventures - The Ventures Play Telstar / The Lonely Bull Vinyl LP - Dolton -




					$1.80

									Was: Previous Price
$3.00




				Buy It Now









$5 Flat rate shipping














1965 The Ventures Christmas Album Vinyl LP   Minty   NO RESERVE



$2.25


2 bids

















1964 The Ventures In Space Vinyl LP  Clear Vinyl   Mint   NO RESERVE



$3.25


2 bids

















The Ventures "Walk Don't Run" NEW SEALED 180 GRAM LTD EDITION COLORED VINYL LP




					$26.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					4 watching



See more like thisThe Ventures "Walk Don't Run" NEW SEALED 180 GRAM LTD EDITION COLORED VINYL LP















THE VENTURES Rare Vinyl Lp KNOCK ME OUT 1965 Dolton Beauty!




					$9.95



				or Best Offer













THE VENTURES Dbl LP self titled United Artists




					$4.99



				Buy It Now


















The Ventures 2Lp Set Nr Mint Discs w Games People Play




					$5.50



				Buy It Now













VENTURES HAWAII FIVE-O LST-8061 VINYL RECORDS LP




					$2.99



				or Best Offer













Ventures mono LP Where the Action Is




					$5.49



				Buy It Now


















THE VENTURES Rare Vinyl Lp VENTURES A GO GO Sept 1965 Dolton Beauty!




					$14.95



				or Best Offer













The Ventures-In Japan Vol 2 Japan LP Liberty/King K25P-9151 Insert NM/NM-




					$9.99



				Buy It Now













VENTURES Golden Greats by ROCK LP Orig. LIBERTY 1st U.S.




					$14.99



				or Best Offer


















The Ventures - The Fabulous Ventures - Sealed Original Dolton LP - NEW



$19.98


1 bid

















The Ventures Self Titled 1961 Mono LP




					$16.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
The Ventures Guitar Freakout (12" Vinyl, Record, LP, BST-8050)




					$7.50

									Was: Previous Price
$12.50




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						40% off










SPONSORED
The Ventures: New Testament LP - Sealed




					$10.00



				or Best Offer









Buy 1, get 1 50% off














Play Guitar With The Ventures, INSTRUCTIONAL VINYL LP EX, BOOKLET EX, COVER VG




					$10.49

									Was: Previous Price
$14.99




				or Best Offer




						30% off










Ventures ex record LP Hawaii Five-O




					$5.49



				Buy It Now


















THE VENTURES "WALK DON'T RUN" - Vintage LP DOLTON RECORDS BLP 2003




					$9.99



				Buy It Now













The VENTURES Self-Titled LP, Dolton Records BLP-2004 Mono




					$14.99



				Buy It Now


















New listing
		play guitar with the Ventures Lp record Album...




					$10.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













THE VENTURES: NASA 25th Anniversary Commemorative Album SEALED CLEAR Vinyl LP




					$20.00



				or Best Offer


















VENTURES ON STAGE BST-8035 VINYL RECORDS LP




					$2.99



				or Best Offer













THE VENTURES Rare Vinyl Lp LET'S GO 1963 Dolton Beauty!




					$11.95



				or Best Offer













THE VENTURES Rare Vinyl Lp WALK, DON'T RUN Vol 2 Aug 1964 Dolton Beauty!




					$11.95



				or Best Offer






See more like thisTHE VENTURES Rare Vinyl Lp WALK, DON'T RUN Vol 2 Aug 1964 Dolton Beauty!










Twist with The Ventures Mono Record Vinyl LP Surf Music




					$7.00



				Buy It Now













The Ventures-Let's Go Japan LP UA/King GXH-44 Insert NM/VG++




					$9.99



				Buy It Now













The Ventures- Walk Don't Run/Surfing 2 LP Dolton Records BST8022/BST8003 SURF!




					$7.49

									Was: Previous Price
$14.99




				Buy It Now




						50% off










The Ventures Surfing LP 1963 Dolton BLP-2022 Mono / VG




					$24.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













THE VENTURES Rare Vinyl Lp PLAY TELSTAR Jan 1963 Dolton Beauty!




					$9.95



				or Best Offer













SPONSORED
VENTURES-THE BEST OF VENTURES VOL.2-JAPAN MINI LP SHM-CD BONUS TRACK Ltd/Ed F81




					$25.99



				Buy It Now






See more like thisVENTURES-THE BEST OF VENTURES VOL.2-JAPAN MINI LP SHM-CD BONUS TRACK Ltd/Ed F81




					From Japan







SPONSORED
VENTURES-THE BEST OF VENTURES VOL.1-JAPAN MINI LP SHM-CD BONUS TRACK Ltd/Ed F81




					$25.99



				Buy It Now






See more like thisVENTURES-THE BEST OF VENTURES VOL.1-JAPAN MINI LP SHM-CD BONUS TRACK Ltd/Ed F81




					From Japan










Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Music
(1,962)




Vinyl Records
(1,822)




Music CDs
(129)


Wholesale Records
(7)


More





Entertainment Memorabilia
(34)


Collectibles
(4)


DVDs & Movies
(1)


Show more







Genre
see allGenre




Blues
(12)





Classical
(6)





Jazz
(5)





Metal
(2)





Pop
(112)





R&B & Soul
(24)





Rap & Hip-Hop
(7)





Rock
(1,150)






Artist
see allArtist




Bobby Vee
(49)





Japan
(71)





The Beatles
(2)





The Ventures
(1,277)






Record Grading
see allRecord Grading




Excellent (EX)
(186)





Good (G)
(37)





Mint (M)
(90)





Near Mint (NM or M-)
(142)





Very Good (VG)
(125)





Very Good Plus (VG+)
(269)






Sleeve Grading
see allSleeve Grading




Excellent (EX)
(168)





Good (G)
(67)





Mint (M)
(57)





Near Mint (NM or M-)
(58)





Very Good (VG)
(151)





Very Good Plus (VG+)
(313)






Special Attributes
see allSpecial Attributes




180 - 220 gram
(15)





1st Edition
(144)





Colored Vinyl
(60)





Import
(58)





Limited Edition
(42)





Promo
(17)





White Label
(4)






Speed
see allSpeed




33RPM
(1,482)





45RPM
(5)





78RPM
(1)






Record Size
see allRecord Size




7"
(26)





10"
(6)





12"
(1,468)





Not Specified
(235)






Duration
see allDuration




Single
(7)





EP
(27)





LP
(1,597)





Double LP
(42)





Box Set
(2)





Triple LP
(1)






Condition
see allCondition




New
(269)





Used
(1,692)





Not Specified
(40)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(2,001)




Auction
(78)




Buy It Now
(1,936)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-25 21:32. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.
















eBay Motors Blog | The official blog of eBay Motors












Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy)
		Daily Deals
		Gift Cards
		Help & Contact
		Sell
		My eBayExpand My eBay
		Summary
		Bids/Offers
		Watch list
		Wish list
		All lists
		Purchase history
		Selling
		My Collections
		Followed searches
		MessagesNotification







































































The official blog of eBay Motors | Go to ebay.com/motors

Search for:



 





 



Menu

Home
Classics

American
Asian
European


Culture

Builders
Concept Cars
Movies & Television


DIY
Events
Performance

Sports Cars
Motorsports


Motorcycles & ATVs

Motorcycles
ATVs & UTVs


Shop Motors


  
    Parts and Tools
    
Car & Truck Parts
Motorcycle Parts
Tools & Supplies
  
  
    Vehicles
    
Cars & Trucks
Classics & Exotics
eBay Frontline Vehicles
  





 

















eBay Motors Installs a Classic Intake on ’67 Mustang’s 427 Cobra Jet V8
By Daniel Gray 0



 Pause
 Resume





 














Classics



 By Jim MotavalliJul 25



Listed on eBay Motors: The Tiniest Car Ever Made



The Peel is 54 inches long and 39 wide. The car’s ability to fit in an elevator was tested in 1963.

Read more







Culture



 By Nina RussinJul 24



Turn Your SUV into a Portable Campsite



Bigger vehicles have enough room to set up sleeping bags. Also consider a tent-trailer or rooftop tent.

Read more







Culture



 By Daniel GrayJul 21



Listed on eBay Motors: 1989 Surveillance Van (Shh!)



The van was commissioned by the feds to accommodate extended stretches of stakeout work.

Read more












 

Classics

It’s a 1967 Volvo Amazon with a Roaring BMW V-8
The Volvo is being offered on eBay with a more street-worthy tune of merely 747 horsepower. 
July 13
By Jim Motavalli







 

Classics

Shine That Chrome: July 14 is Collector Car Appreciation Day
Enthusiasts are planning open houses, car cruises, club gatherings and educational events to commemorate the day.
July 7
By Jim Motavalli












Builders



 By Gary LieberJul 21



Maker of Teeth and Fangs Rebuilds ‘51 Ford Coupe Racer



The 1951 Ford two-door chop-top coupe can hit 150 miles per hour.

Read more







Builders



 By Benjamin HuntingJul 20



Maxlider Brothers Customs: A Business Built on Passion for Ford Broncos



The brothers have been obsessed with Broncos since the late 1980s.

Read more







News



 By Mark BachJul 18



Now in Its Tenth Generation, Honda Accord Proves the Test of Time



Not many carmakers have retained the same nameplate for more than 40 years. 

Read more








Motorcycles



 By Philip RichterJul 17



The Outlandish K1 Modernized BMW Motorcycles



In the late 1980s, the K1 was a Buck Rogers futuristic machine.

Read more







DIY



 By Gary LieberJul 14



Don’t Get Stuck in your Truck—Here’s How



Here are a few items—including jacks, mats, straps, and winches—to help you get un-stuck. 

Read more







Builders



 By Daniel GrayJul 12



Drivetrain for eBay’s 1967 Mustang Project Unveiled in Columbus



Rut and his crew decided on the legendary 427 cubic inch Ford Cobra Jet engine and a stout Tremec five-speed manual transmission.

Read more

































About
Comment Policy
User Agreement
Privacy
 

© Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.




































										Textbooks Online - Sell, Buy, Search TextBooks at Half.com
								
















Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy)
		Daily Deals
		Gift Cards
		Help & Contact
		Sell
		My eBayExpand My eBay
		Summary
		Bids/Offers
		Watch list
		Wish list
		All lists
		Purchase history
		Selling
		My Collections
		Followed searches
		MessagesNotification










 
























My AccountWish ListSell My StuffHelpeBay HomeSign in

























Home
Books

Textbooks

Music
Movies
Games








Shopping Cart






























											Search:
											






Books
   > Title
   > Author
   > ISBN
--------------------------All Categories
Music
Movies
Video Games
Game Systems



















Home > Books > Textbook Superstore
Save big now on our top 200 bestselling textbooks
















Categories
Textbooks

Antiques & Collectibles
Architecture
Art
Bibles
Biography & Autobiography
Body, Mind  & Spirit
Business & Economics
Comic & Graphic Novels
Computers
Cooking
Crafts & Hobbies
Design
Drama
Education 
Family  & Relationships
Fiction
Foreign Language Study
Games
Gardening
Health  & Fitness
History
House  & Home
Humor
Juvenile Fiction
Juvenile Nonfiction
Language Arts & Disciplines
Law
Literary Collections 
Literary Criticism
Mathematics
Medical
Music
Nature
Performing Arts
Pets
Philosophy
Photography
Poetry
Political Science
Psychology 
Reference
Religion
Science
Self-help 
Social Science 
Sports & Recreation
Study Aids 
Technology  & Engineering
Transportation
Travel
True Crime









Save on Shipping
Buy 2 or more from the same seller and pay less.

















Textbooks
Sign in now








Best Selling Books
































Lehninger Principles of Biochemistry by Albert ...
			

David L. Nelson, Michael M. Cox, Albert Lehninger...					
				 (Hardcover, 1326580)$11.34



Biology by Beth Winickoff, Neil A. Campbell, Ja...
			

Neil A. Campbell, Jane B. Reece, Steven Wasserman,...					
				 (Hardcover / Mixed Media, 1323E70)$11.00



Rockford Practice Set to accompany Intermediate...
			

Jerry J. Weygandt, Donald E. Kieso, Terry D. Warfi...					
				 (Hardcover, 1323E70)$0.75 Save 99%






































Dorm Entertainment
































The 40-Year-Old Virgin (DVD, 2005, Widescreen U...
			

Steven Carell, Catherine Keener (DVD, 2005)$0.75 Save 96%



Old School (DVD, 2003, Widescreen Unrated Version)

Luke Wilson, Will Ferrell, Vince Vaughn (DVD, 2003)$0.75 Save 94%



Cars (DVD, Widescreen)

 (DVD, 2006)$1.98 Save 93%









































 



 












has more for you...


Shopping.comCompare product prices and stores
StubHubBuy and sell all kinds of event tickets
eBay ClassifiedsFree and friendly local classifieds





Home|
Books|
Textbooks|
Music|
Movies|
Games


Shops|
Why eBay|
Announcements|
eBay Seasonal Online Sales & Events|
Site Map

Copyright © 1999-2016 Half.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eBay User Agreement and Privacy Policy. 










