


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














A.M. Best Company



























    This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!






Global Insurance Credit Ratings & Information Services






A.M. Best Rating Services









Go




Advanced Rating Search

View Regional Markets
Asia-Pacific
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Latin America
Brazil Market
MENA & SCA



Recent Rating Activity
Research & Commentary
Rating Process & Definitions

Credit Ratings Methodology
Insurance-Linked Securities & Structures Methodology
Get a Credit Rating
Regulatory Information



Rating Services Updates














A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Sirius International Group, Ltd. and Its Main SubsidiariesDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Removes From Under Review With Positive Implications and Upgrades Credit Ratings of KB Insurance Co., Ltd.Date: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Torchmark Corp. and Subs; Upgrades Credit Ratings of Family Heritage Life Ins Co. of AmericaDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. and Its SubsidiariesDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Nuclear Electric Insurance LimitedDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Revises Outlooks to Stable for GBG Insurance LimitedDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Members of Standard Insurance Group and Pacific Guardian Life Insurance Company, Ltd.Date: July 21, 2017


View All | Advanced Search




A.M. Best Information Services

Advanced News Search










BestLink
Analytical Products

Financial Information Products
Insurance Professionals & Claims Resource
Risk Assessment Products
Insurance News & Analysis
Consumer Resources




Latest Headlines


PIA Supports US Senate NFIP Reauthorization BillDate: July 24, 2017Germany’s Hoven: New Commitments Help Build Resilience Through InsuranceDate: July 24, 2017New Hampshire Proposes State-Based Reinsurance Program to Stabilize Health MarketDate: July 24, 2017US Senate to Vote on ACA Repeal, Parliamentarian Rules Against Earlier VersionDate: July 24, 2017Broker Howden Completes Acquisition of Sterling Knight in SingaporeDate: July 24, 2017Law Firm Clyde Opens Ninth US Office, in Los AngelesDate: July 24, 2017Brit Gains Renewal Rights for Part of XL Catlin’s Yacht PortfolioDate: July 24, 2017

View All | Advanced Search



























A.M. Best Rating Services | Understanding Best's Credit Ratings





























    This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!






A.M. Best Rating Services


































Find a  Best's Credit Rating







Go


Advanced Search







Understanding Best's Credit Ratings
A Best's Credit Rating (BCR) is a forward-looking, independent, and objective opinion regarding an insurer's, issuer's, or financial obligation's relative creditworthiness. The opinion represents a comprehensive analysis consisting of a quantitative and qualitative evaluation of balance sheet strength, operating performance, and business profile or, where appropriate, the specific nature and details of a security.
For an in-depth explanation, please read A.M. Best's Guide to Understanding Best's Credit Ratings. A BCR is developed considering relevant aspects of Best's Credit Rating Methodology (BCRM). A.M. Best assigns various Credit Rating opinions, which are collectively referred to as "Best's Credit Ratings" and include:

Best's Financial Strength Ratings (FSR)
Best's Issuer Credit Ratings (ICR)
Best's Issue Credit Ratings (IR)
Best's National Scale Ratings (NSR) 
In addition, A.M. Best provides the following rating-related services and information:

Preliminary Credit Assessment (PCA)
Rating Assessment Service (RAS)
Rating Evaluation Service (RES)
Financial Size Category (FSC) 
For more information regarding what a BCR is, how a BCR is developed, or other information related to the production of opinions please reference A.M. Best's Guide to Understanding Best's Credit Ratings or select a topic below.
Understanding Best's Credit Ratings (quick links)

General Comments
Rating Process
Material Sources of Information/Quality of Information
Opinion Type Definitions
Opinion Characteristics & Identifiers
Opinion Modifiers
Opinion Outlooks
Opinion Affiliation Codes
Best's Credit Rating Scales: Categories & Symbols 
Additional Information & Important Links

AMBRS Code of Conduct: Handling of confidential (non-public) information, independence, and avoidance of conflicts of interest. 
Best's Market Segment Outlook
Preparing for a Rating Meeting
Terms of Use: Use of the A.M. Best website and other website disclaimers. 
A.M. Best Privacy Statement
AMBRS Compensation Disclosure
Guide to Proper Use of Best's Credit Ratings
Legal & Licensing: Details on the use of A.M. Best's trademarks, logos, and service marks. 
General Guide for Media - Proper Use of Best's Credit Ratings and A.M. Best Rating Action Press Releases 























A.M. Best Rating Services | Property/Casualty

























    This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!






A.M. Best Rating Services


































View Best's Ratings


Select Ratings Type...
Credit Ratings

Advanced Search










Property/Casualty Insurance Information
A.M. Best is the leading provider of ratings, news, analysis, and financial information for the Property/Casualty insurance industry.
Best's Credit Ratings are independent opinions regarding the creditworthiness of an issuer or debt obligation. Best's Credit Ratings are based on a comprehensive quantitative and qualitative evaluation of a company's balance sheet strength, operating performance and business profile, or, where appropriate, the specific nature and details of a debt security. View the complete Best's Credit Rating Methodology (BCRM) for details.
To learn more about A.M. Best's property/casualty ratings and coverage, visit the links below.

Search for Property/Casualty Ratings 






Industry Rating Services Updates (view more)

Use our Advanced Search for more options.



A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited:Date: July 21, 2017    






A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Lloyd’s:Date: July 20, 2017    






A.M. Best Upgrades Credit Ratings of State Farm Lloyds; Affirms Credit Ratings of State Farm Mutual and Other P/C Subsidiaries:Date: July 14, 2017    






A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Members of MedPro Group:Date: July 14, 2017    






A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Halyk-Life, Life Insurance Subsidiary Company of the Halyk Bank of Kazakhstan, JSC:Date: July 14, 2017    






Best’s Special Report: U.S. Nonstandard Auto Results Continue to Deteriorate Despite Top-Line Growth:Date: July 10, 2017    






A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Employers Mutual Casualty Company and Its Subsidiaries:Date: July 7, 2017    






A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of AXA Insurance Company:Date: July 7, 2017    






A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and Its Subsidiaries:Date: July 7, 2017    






A.M. Best Comments on Credit Ratings of AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Following Announcement of Reinsurance Agreement:Date: July 6, 2017    























Latest Industry Headlines (view more)

Use our Advanced Search for more options.



PIA Supports US Senate NFIP Reauthorization Bill:Date: July 24, 2017    






Germany’s Hoven: New Commitments Help Build Resilience Through Insurance:Date: July 24, 2017    






Brit Gains Renewal Rights for Part of XL Catlin’s Yacht Portfolio:Date: July 24, 2017    






Southern California Insurance Agent Charged in $1.1 Million Fraud, Theft:Date: July 21, 2017    






California Wildfire Near Yosemite Destroys 50 Homes, Threatens 1,500 Structures:Date: July 21, 2017    





















Industry Research (view more)

Use our Advanced Search for more options.



Special Report: Despite Top Line Growth, U.S. Nonstandard Auto Results Continue to Deteriorate:Date: July 7, 2017    






Special Report: MPL Sector: Alternative Healthcare Practitioners and Medical Facilities Take on Greater Importance:Date: June 28, 2017    






2017 Statistical Study: U.S. Homeowners Multi Peril – Industry’s Top 100 Writers’ Direct Premiums Written Increased 2.7%:Date: June 26, 2017    






2017 Statistical Study: U.S. Commercial Multi Peril – Industry’s Direct Premiums Written Increased 0.7%:Date: June 26, 2017    









































A.M. Best Rating Services





























    This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!






A.M. Best Rating Services
















































Update & Video: Best's Credit Rating Methodology Draft Criteria Procedures Available for Comment



Report: Despite Top Line Growth, U.S. Nonstandard Auto Results Continue to Deteriorate



Report: Insurers Continue to Increase Private Placement Holdings 




Report: Managed Medicaid Enrollment & Premiums Increase as Margins Dip 



Report: Cyber Line Expected to Be One of the Leading P/C Growth Areas 



Report: Alternative Healthcare Practitioners & Facilities Take on Greater Importance





Search for a Best's Rating









Go




Recent Rating Activity
Advanced Search



 Rating Services Updates















A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Sirius International Group, Ltd. and Its Main SubsidiariesDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Removes From Under Review With Positive Implications and Upgrades Credit Ratings of KB Insurance Co., Ltd.Date: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Torchmark Corp. and Subs; Upgrades Credit Ratings of Family Heritage Life Ins Co. of AmericaDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. and Its SubsidiariesDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Nuclear Electric Insurance LimitedDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Revises Outlooks to Stable for GBG Insurance LimitedDate: July 21, 2017A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Members of Standard Insurance Group and Pacific Guardian Life Insurance Company, Ltd.Date: July 21, 2017





View All | 
    Advanced Search







Most Recent Industry Research


Special Report: A.M. Best Comments on Lloyd’s – Cyence Cyber Catastrophe ReportSpecial Report: Despite Top Line Growth, U.S. Nonstandard Auto Results Continue to DeteriorateBriefing: GDPR: Implications for European Insurers and the Cyber Insurance MarketSpecial Report: Managed Medicaid Enrollment & Premiums Continue to Increase, Margins DipBriefing: Principle-Based Reserves Here at Last?Special Report: MPL Sector: Alternative Healthcare Practitioners and Medical Facilities Take on Greater Importance































Canyon Insurance Services, Inc. - Company Profile - Best's Credit Rating Center




























    This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!






A.M. Best Rating Services


































Find a  Best's Credit Rating







Go


Advanced Search

































Rating Search:


Advanced Search





                    Print  or 
                PDF







Canyon Insurance Services, Inc.
                 (?)

A.M. Best #: 065015
        
    NAIC #: 12217
        
    FEIN #: 412139223




Domiciliary Address
5656 W. Talavi Blvd  
Glendale, AZ 85306


                United States



Web:
www.canyoninsurance.com

Phone:
602-588-3976

Fax:
602-548-5009








	  
            View additional	news, reports and products for this company.            
        






            Based on A.M. Best's analysis, 064971 - Arizona Dental Insurance Service Inc is the AMB Ultimate Parent and identifies
            the topmost entity of the corporate structure. View a list
            of operating insurance entities in
            this structure.

















Best's Credit Ratings






Financial Strength Rating
 			 
				View Definition


				NR (Not Rated)
			



Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating
 			
			    View Definition


				nr (Not Rated)
			


u Denotes 
						Under Review Best's Rating













                            AMB Credit Reports










AMB Credit Report 
                              
			    - includes Best's Financial Strength Rating and rationale along with comprehensive analytical commentary, detailed business overview and key financial data.
			    
			    Report Revision Date: 10/23/2012 (represents the latest significant change).
		    










			    Historical Reports are available in 
			    AMB Credit Report Archive.









View additional	news, reports and products for this company.
            












			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##



































Company Profile - Best's Credit Rating Center




























    This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!






A.M. Best Rating Services


































Find a  Best's Credit Rating







Go


Advanced Search






























            Login Required

            Access to view Best's Credit Ratings and detailed company information is complimentary
            for registered A.M. Best members. However you are required to login once every 90
            days or if your browser's cookie files have been deleted.

            Please Login or Sign Up Now to access
            the information you have requested. If you are having difficulties logging in or
            have any questions, please contact our Customer Service department at (908) 439-2200
            x5742, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm eastern time.










			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##



































A.M. Best Rating Services - Regulatory Information Home























    This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!






A.M. Best Rating Services









































A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc. Regulatory Information
Access the links below for detailed regulatory information related to the operations of A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc. and/or its affiliates. Any questions related to A.M. Best's global regulatory status, complaints regarding credit ratings, models, methodologies, or compliance with securities laws, should be directed to the company's Compliance Officer at ComplianceOfficer@ambest.com.
A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc.View policies, research and regulatory documents, as well as A.M. Best's response to, and comments on, different regulatory initiatives as related to its United States-based operations.
A.M. Best Europe Rating Services Ltd.View the Code of Professional Conduct, Policies and Procedures, Comments on regulatory initiatives and annual reports filed by AMBERS under the European Regulation.
A.M. Best Asia-Pacific Ltd.View policies, research, and regulatory documents filed by AMBAP as related to its Hong Kong-based operations.
A.M. Best Asia-Pacific (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.View policies, research, and regulatory disclosures filed by AMBAP (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. as related to its Singapore-based operations.
A.M. Best América Latina, S.A. de C.V. View the Code of Professional Conduct, policies and procedures, and more disclosed by A.M. Best América Latina, S.A. de C.V. as related to its Latin America-based operations. 
Regulatory RegistrationsView a complete list of A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc.'s regulatory registrations from around the world.

















 



A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. and Its Subsidiaries | Business Wire
























































A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. and Its 
      Subsidiaries






July 21, 2017 10:54 AM Eastern Daylight Time



OLDWICK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--A.M. Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating of A+ 
      (Superior) and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings (Long-Term ICR) of 
      “aa” of The Great-West Life Assurance Company (Winnipeg, 
      Manitoba) and its affiliates, London Life Insurance Company (London, 
      Ontario), The Canada Life Assurance Company (CLAC) (Toronto, 
      Ontario), Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (GWL&A) 
      (Greenwood Village, CO) and Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance 
      Company of New York (New York, NY). Concurrently, A.M. Best has 
      affirmed the Long-Term ICR of “a” and the existing Long-Term Issue 
      Credit Ratings (Long-Term IR) of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. (Lifeco) 
      (Winnipeg, Manitoba). The outlook of these Credit Ratings (ratings) is 
      stable. (See link below for a detailed listing of the companies and 
      ratings.)
    

      The rating affirmations reflect the group’s highly diversified earnings 
      profile by product and geography, strong market position in its core 
      business lines and solid regulatory capital levels. Lifeco maintains 
      diversified insurance, reinsurance and financial services operations, 
      along with its solid enterprise risk management capabilities. The 
      organization has consistently generated significant cash flows from 
      operations and has demonstrated its ability to manage financial leverage 
      and interest coverage within A.M. Best’s expectations for its current 
      ratings. In addition, Lifeco maintains an excellent liquidity posture 
      supported by high-quality investments and credit facilities.
    

      Moreover, A.M. Best recognizes Lifeco’s consolidated position as a 
      market leader in Canada’s individual and group insurance lines, with 
      superior market positions in the wealth accumulation and protection 
      segments. The Canadian distribution systems of Lifeco and its operating 
      companies represent the largest in Canada and serve as a significant 
      competitive advantage, while its conservative pricing discipline and 
      scale enables it to generate favorable operating results. The U.S. 
      operation continues to produce stable earnings contributions, and has 
      grown organically and through strategic acquisitions. The European 
      business segments provide further diversification and also have grown 
      significantly through acquisitions as well.
    

      The ratings also reflect the challenges and risks associated with the 
      current low interest rate environment and equity market uncertainty. 
      Also noted is Lifeco’s large amount of goodwill and intangibles due to 
      strategic acquisitions. In addition, A.M. Best expects that the group 
      will continue to face challenges associated with growth in its core U.S. 
      business segments due to the highly competitive environment. As the 
      global economy and regulatory environment evolves, A.M. Best expects 
      that any potential growth strategies will require a more stringent focus 
      and a longer time horizon to realize meaningful results.
    

      For a complete listing of Great-West Lifeco, Inc. and its 
      subsidiaries’ Financial Strength, Long-Term ICR and Long-Term IRs, 
      please visit Great-West 
      Lifeco, Inc.


This press release relates to Credit Ratings that have been published 
      on A.M. Best’s website. For all rating information relating to the 
      release and pertinent disclosures, including details of the office 
      responsible for issuing each of the individual ratings referenced in 
      this release, please see A.M. Best’s Recent 
      Rating Activity web page. For additional information 
      regarding the use and limitations of Credit Rating opinions, please view Understanding 
      Best’s Credit Ratings. For information on the proper media 
      use of Best’s Credit Ratings and A.M. Best press releases, please view Guide 
      for Media - Proper Use of Best’s Credit Ratings and A.M. Best Rating 
      Action Press Releases.


A.M. Best is the world’s oldest and most authoritative insurance 
      rating and information source. For more information, visit www.ambest.com.
    

Copyright © 2017 by A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc. and/or its 
      subsidiaries. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.





Contacts

A.M. BestEdward Kohlberg, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5664Associate 
      Directoredward.kohlberg@ambest.comorThomas 
      Rosendale, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5201Directorthomas.rosendale@ambest.comorChristopher 
      Sharkey, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5159Manager, Public Relationschristopher.sharkey@ambest.comorJim 
      Peavy, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5644Director, Public Relationsjames.peavy@ambest.com




















Contacts

A.M. BestEdward Kohlberg, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5664Associate 
      Directoredward.kohlberg@ambest.comorThomas 
      Rosendale, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5201Directorthomas.rosendale@ambest.comorChristopher 
      Sharkey, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5159Manager, Public Relationschristopher.sharkey@ambest.comorJim 
      Peavy, +1-908-439-2200, ext. 5644Director, Public Relationsjames.peavy@ambest.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Best's Member Center - Registration


















This web site needs javascript enabled to work properly. Please enable it to use the full functionality of the web site. Thank You!













A.M. Best's Member Center



















Product Registration |
   
BestAlert Service | 
    Logout







































Note:
BestLink is a powerful online platform that integrates the A.M. Best insurance analysis available in  Best's Insurance Reports  with the high-quality data included in A.M. Best's Financial Suite  products.  If you have a subscription to any of these products, log in below. Learn more by visiting the  BestLink product page.














Member Center - Member Registration & Login












								Welcome to Best's Member Center!
								If you have already registered, please log in below with your email address and password.
								If you are a new visitor, please sign up.
        There are no costs for membership; the only requirement is to register.                 
                                 By entering this information, you agree to the Terms of Use that appear below.

Best's Member Center registration allows you access to rating content available from A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc. and/or its affiliates within the A.M. Best Rating Services section of the website. 
Registration for Best's Member Center also enables access to free content available from A.M. Best Company, Inc. and/or its affiliates within the A.M. Best Information Services section of the website. Products or services you purchase from A.M. Best will also utilize your Best's Member Center account. 
Forgot your password? Simply enter your email address and select one of the reminder options. Having trouble logging in? Contact Customer Service at (800) 424-2378 or (908) 439-2200, ext. 5742, from 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM ET.






 


Email: 




  New Member Sign Up





Password: 




									Show me my Password Hint | Send my 								
                                    Password via email 





Terms 
									of Use

All information provided on the A.M. Best website, including but not limited to text, data, ratings, reports, images, photos, graphics, and charts is owned by or licensed to A.M. Best Company and is protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. A.M. Best and its licensors retain all copyright and other proprietary rights to the website content.
Best's Credit Ratings, obtained through any source, may not be reproduced, distributed to Third Parties, or stored in a database or retrieval system in any form for commercial purposes without the prior written permission of the A.M. Best Company. All unauthorized use of Best's Credit Ratings or other published information is strictly prohibited. By logging into Best's Member Center or accessing this site, you accept and agree to be bound by our complete Terms of Use.








                         
						




Note:This site, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help customize your experience.
                    By continuing you are agreeing to our use of cookies.								
							








 












A.M. Best Affirms Ratings of AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. and Its Subsidiaries






















 
        











      A subscription is required to view content on this page.
      









Search
              
             »
            Advanced Search







Best's Insurance News & Analysis





News Products




Select Product...
All Topics
Best’s Review
BINA Publications
BestWeek
Best’s Journal
Best’s Asia-Pacific Weekly
BestWeek Europe & MENA
Best’s Regulatory Week
Best’s Special Reports
Best’s Statistical Studies
Best’s Credit Rating Actions
Press Releases
































































Print This Page




 Best's News Service via Bestwire - July 08, 2016 03:43 PMA.M. Best Affirms Ratings of AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. and Its SubsidiariesA.M. Best has affirmed the financial strength rating of A (Excellent) and the issuer credit ratings (ICR) of “a” of the property/casualty subsidiaries of AmTrust Financial  . . .Word count: 996-- This content requires a  subscription --Already a subscriber?   Not a Subscriber?Best's Insurance News & AnalysisA subscription includes:BestWeekBest's Statistical StudiesBest's Special ReportsUnrestricted Access to real-time and archived news storiesBest's ReviewBestDayand more...Best's ReviewA subscription includes:Best's Review MagazineSelect Best's Statistical StudiesBestDayOnline access to archived news articles dating back to 2000and more....


                                    Related News:
                                    Rating Action, Press Release, Property And Liability Insurers, Insurance, New York













                                    Related Companies
                                

                                    For information about each company, including the AMB Credit Reports, group members
                                    (where applicable) and news stories, click on the company name. An additional purchase
                                    may be required.
                                






                                                            AMB#
                                                        
                                                            Company Name
                                                        


                                                            000376
                                                        
ARI Insurance Company



                                                            093455
                                                        
AmTrust Captive Solutions Limited



                                                            087400
                                                        
AmTrust Europe Limited



                                                            051002
                                                        
AmTrust Financial Services, Inc



                                                            018533
                                                        
AmTrust Group




1234567


































































A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings Of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. And Its Subsidiaries - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings Of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. And Its Subsidiaries






Business Wire




Jul 7, 2017 9:54 AM EDT













 




























































  A.M. Best has affirmed the Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating (Long-Term ICR) of "a-" and the Long- and Short-Term Issue Credit Ratings (Long-Term IR; Short-Term IR) of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The Hartford) (NYSE:HIG), which is the ultimate parent of the companies hereinafter mentioned. A.M. Best also has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating (FSR) of A+ (Superior) and Long-Term ICR of "aa-" of Hartford Fire Insurance Company and its pooling subsidiaries and affiliates, collectively known as the Hartford Insurance Pool. The outlook for these Credit Ratings (ratings) is stable.  Concurrently, A.M. Best has affirmed the FSR of A (Excellent) and the Long-Term ICR of "a" of Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company (HLA), as well as the FSR of A- (Excellent) and the Long-Term ICR of "a-" of Hartford Life Insurance Company (HLIC) and Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company (collectively referred to as Hartford Life). Additionally, A.M. Best has affirmed all Long-Term IRs for HLIC. The outlook for these ratings is stable.  A.M. Best has also affirmed the Long-Term ICR of "bbb" and the Long-Term IRs of Hartford Life, Inc. (HLI), the intermediate parent of HLA and Hartford Life. The outlook for these ratings is stable.  All of the above companies are headquartered in Hartford, CT.  The ratings of the Hartford Insurance Pool reflect its solid risk-adjusted capitalization, generally favorable underwriting results and consistently strong operating profitability (reflected in its combined ratio and pre-tax return on revenue measures) and excellent market position within the property/casualty industry. The positive rating factors are derived from the pool's geographic and product line diversity, experienced management team, generally conservative operating fundamentals and diversified underwriting initiatives, which provide balanced growth opportunities. Management has executed various operating initiatives to focus operations on small to middle commercial markets and personal lines business that are viewed as less volatile and provide opportunities for profitable growth. The group also targets larger insureds in specialty casualty markets, which complements the complete book of business. The personal lines segment benefits from the pool's affinity relationship through a long-term endorsement from the American Association of Retired Persons (AARP), although this business does present some concentration risks. The pool's use of technology platforms throughout the organization, localized support and excellent service further strengthen its business position.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Trump Could Still Unleash an Attack on Amazon Real Soon, Doug Kass Says
Here's the call.



Doug Kass

Jul 22, 2017 10:00 AM EDT
























Stocks Are Guilty by Association: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 7/20/17)
Jim Cramer says these market rotations are crushing good stocks that don't deserve it.



Scott Rutt

Jul 21, 2017 6:14 AM EDT
























Risk Happens Fast: Doug Kass
What you need to know.



Doug Kass

Jul 14, 2017 9:43 AM EDT
























Tesla Remains Substantially Overvalued, Doug Kass Warns
Here's what's up.



Doug Kass

Jul 10, 2017 7:15 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Walmart in Focus Amid 'Horrific' Human Trafficking Incident in Texas That Causes Nine Deaths


Alphabet Slides After a So-So Quarter - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Brutal Reactions to Alphabet and Hasbro Results Show You Need to be a Trading Mercenary


Amazon Tumbling Almost 40% Is Not as Crazy as It Sounds


Alphabet Has a Problem, but Michael Kors Is Feeling Good -- Watch 'Five Before the Bell'











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









