




















 



 American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. And Global Net Lease, Inc. To Merge In An All Stock 
         










    











 













 











 



















American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. And Global Net Lease, Inc. To Merge In An All Stock Deal Creating A Premier, Global, Single-Tenant Net Lease REIT
        																																																		
              

          In an Acquisition Valued at $648 million, Global II Shareholders Realize Full Liquidity with "No Lockup"Transaction Achieves Critical Scale for Global II and Creates a More Diversified Property Portfolio while Strengthening Global II's Balance Sheet
        
















 News provided by
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.  
Aug 08, 2016, 06:35 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Aug. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. ("Global II"), announced today that its Board of Directors unanimously approved a definitive agreement to merge with Global Net Lease, Inc. ("GNL") to create a premier, global, single-tenant net lease REIT with a pro forma enterprise value of $3.3 billion. 


The acquisition of Global II, valued at $647.9 million, includes a fixed exchange ratio of 2.27 GNL shares for each share of Global II common stock owned, providing Global II shareholders with a per share dividend of $1.61 once the transaction closes. Based on GNL's August 5, 2016, closing price of $8.63, each Global II share would be exchanged for $19.59 of GNL stock; the fixed exchange ratio allows Global II shareholders the opportunity to participate in share price movement, including any upside in GNL's stock going forward. The combined company will own 345 properties in 7 countries, achieving needed critical scale for Global II. The combined company will have a more broadly diversified portfolio of high-quality real estate assets and should have enhanced access to global capital markets and a lower cost of capital than Global II.
The combined company will retain the Global Net Lease name, trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "GNL," and continue to be led by the current management team of GNL. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Lee M. Elman, Lead Independent Director of Global II, explained, "The independent directors of the Global II Board, with the assistance of legal and financial advisors, thoroughly evaluated potential options to maximize value for our shareholders. We are confident that this transaction is in the best interest of all. Global II's disciplined investment philosophy of acquiring high-quality, income producing properties, long term net-leased to creditworthy tenants, was our foundation, and GNL's portfolio is highly complementary to this strategy. And the upside potential of owning GNL is significant. GNL is a global company with a strong and flexible capital structure, access to global capital markets, and a low cost of capital. The $6.1 million in annual cost savings as estimated on a 2016 basis resulting from combining the two companies represents an immediate material benefit to our shareholders that will be supported by GNL's low cost operating profile. In addition, going forward the dividend is strengthened by an improved AFFO coverage ratio. With this transaction, GNL shareholders will continue to own a best-in-class international real estate portfolio." 
The merger of Global II and GNL creates a number of significant benefits for Global II shareholders:

Achieves Critical Scale: The combination of the Global II and GNL property portfolios creates a premier global net lease REIT with 345 properties in 7 countries. GNL should provide the added scale, flexible capital structure, access to global capital markets, and low cost of capital which will allow the combined company to competitively pursue large future transactions, generate growth and create increased shareholder value. 
Saves Estimated $6.1 million of Costs: The transaction eliminates $6.1 million of annual costs as estimated on a 2016 basis, including a $1.6 million net reduction in management fees and a $4.5 million reduction in duplicative corporate G&A. This savings combined with a favorable fee structure is an advantage to shareholders that is reflected in the exchange ratio. 
Increases Tenant Diversification: The transaction accomplishes the goal of equal portfolio weight of U.S. and International assets for the combined portfolio, with a high level of tenant and industry diversity. The top 10 tenants in the combined company will account for just 35% of annualized NOI, down from Global II's current top 10 tenant concentration of 94%. 
Builds on Strong Tenant Base: The Global II and GNL portfolios are highly complementary from a tenant credit standpoint. The combined company's investment grade tenants, implied investment grade tenants, and tenants who are subsidiaries of investment grade parents, will contribute a market leading 70% of annualized rent. 
Substantially Extend Average Remaining Lease Term: The combined company significantly improves Global II's weighted average remaining lease term by 20%, from 8.8 years to 10.6 years. Further, there are no near term leasing maturities until 2020, and the majority of leases do not expire until at least 2029. 
Improves Dividend Coverage: GNL's industry leading dividends are supported by stable cash flows from long term leases to diverse, largely investment grade tenants. This provides AFFO coverage of 106% for GNL shareholders, and represents a material improvement over the Global II dividend which is only 83% covered by AFFO. 
Strong "Go Shop" Providing Shareholder Protections: A "Go Shop" process of 45 days will allow potential for obtaining optimum value for Global II shareholders by allowing third parties the opportunity to submit a superior offer. 
Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Global II shareholders will receive a fixed exchange ratio of 2.27 GNL shares for each share of Global II common stock owned, which allows Global II shareholders the opportunity to participate in share price movement in GNL's stock going forward. Upon close of the transaction, the combined company will immediately list the newly issued common shares on the NYSE, which will trade under GNL's existing ticker, "GNL." Based on GNL's August 5, 2016, closing price of $8.63 per share, each Global II share would be exchanged for $19.59 of GNL stock. This would represent total consideration of $247.0 million based on Global II fully diluted common shares outstanding as of July 31, 2016. In addition, GNL will assume or repay $424.3 million in existing indebtedness (net of $23.4 million cash and equivalents) as of March 31, 2016, representing an enterprise value of $647.9 million.
The combined company will continue to employ GNL's current management team. The combined company will have a five member board of directors, four of whom will be independent. Of these, one will be a newly appointed independent director initially designated by Global II.
The completion of the transaction is subject to the receipt of approval of Global II and GNL shareholders, and customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions. A joint proxy statement/prospectus will be filed on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will describe the proposed merger. 
BMO Capital Markets served as financial advisor to the Special Committee of Global II and Miles & Stockbridge P.C. served as legal advisor to the Special Committee of Global II.
Additional Information About the Proposed Transaction and Where to Find It
This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. In connection with the proposed transaction, GNL and Global II intend to file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including a joint proxy statement/prospectus. BOTH GNL AND GLOBAL II STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION.
Investors may obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents filed by GNL and Global II with the SEC (if and when they become available) through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
Copies of the documents filed by GNL and Global II with the SEC are also available free of charge on GNL's website at www.globalnetlease.com and copies of the documents filed by Global II with the SEC are available free of charge on Global II's website at www.arcglobal2.com.
GNL and Global II and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from both companies' stockholders in respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding GNL's directors and executive officers can be found in GNL's definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016. Information regarding Global II's directors and executive officers can be found in the Global II's definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will be included in the joint proxy statement and other relevant documents filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction if and when they become available. These documents are available free of charge on the SEC's website and from GNL and Global II, as applicable using the sources indicated above.
Certain statements made in this presentation are "forward-looking statements" (as defined in Section 21E of the Exchange Act), which reflect the expectations of GNL and Global II regarding future events. The forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, whether and when the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement between GNL and Global II, among others, will be consummated, the new combined company's plans, market and other expectations, objectives, intentions, as well as any expectations or projections with respect to the combined company, including regarding future dividends and market valuations, and other statements that are not historical facts.
The following additional factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements: the approval by Global II's stockholders of the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement; market volatility; unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities that may arise from the transaction, whether or not consummated; continuation or deterioration of current market conditions; future regulatory or legislative actions that could adversely affect the companies; and the business plans of the tenants of the respective parties. Additional factors that may affect future results are contained in the Company's and Global II's filings with the SEC, which are available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The GNL and Global II disclaim any obligation to update and revise statements contained in these materials based on new information or otherwise.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150129/172160LOGO 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/american-realty-capital-global-trust-ii-inc-and-global-net-lease-inc-to-merge-in-an-all-stock-deal-creating-a-premier-global-single-tenant-net-lease-reit-300310273.html
SOURCE  American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.  Related Links

http://www.arcglobal2.com




 





















Sep 26, 2016, 06:00 ET
Preview: American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. Announces Expiration Of "Go Shop" Period




















Jan 28, 2015, 20:24 ET
Preview: American Realty Capital Global Trust II Enters Into $100 Million Credit Facility with Barclays








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. And Global Net Lease, Inc. To Merge In An All Stock Deal Creating A Premier, Global, Single-Tenant Net Lease REIT


 News provided by
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.  
Aug 08, 2016, 06:35 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 























Global Net Lease



































Stable Income
Focus on investment grade tenants with durable cash flows

GSA - VA Clinic | Lakewood, CO




Best-In-Class Portfolio
Mission critical properties in strategic locations

Nissan | Murfreesboro, TN



Low Volatility
Long-term, contractually guaranteed leases

Western Digital | San Jose, CA



Strong Balance Sheet
Conservative capital structure. Strong cash flows. Low Leverage.

Nimble Storage | San Jose, CA




July 25, 2017
Global Net Lease, Inc. Announces New Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and Five Year Term Loan
Read Press Release


July 12, 2017
Global Net Lease, Inc. Appoints Independent Director James L. Nelson as Chief Executive Officer  
Read Press Release


June 13, 2017
Global Net Lease, Inc. Announces British Pound and Euro Hedge Placement in Advance of 2017 U.K. Elections  
Read Press Release













Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
News
Site Map















ARC Healthcare Trust II to List on Stock Exchange, Change Name





























ARC Healthcare Trust II to List on Stock Exchange, Change Name
American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust II Inc. is the latest AR Capital-sponsored REIT to seek a liquidity event by trading its common stock on a national stock exchange. 

by Gail Kalinoski | Mar 19, 2015
Mar 19&comma; 2015






National


News







Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




 Subscribe to CPE










Thomas D’Arcy, ARC Healthcare
American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust II, Inc., is the latest AR Capital-sponsored REIT to seek a liquidity event by trading its common stock on a national stock exchange.
A spokesperson for the ARC Healthcare Trust II said the New York-based REIT intended to file an application to trade under the symbol HTI but did not publicly disclose at which exchange it planned to list. Subject to approval, the common stock would begin trading during the third quarter.
Once the listing occurs, the company would change its name to Healthcare Trust, Inc.
The announcement comes one week after American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc. said it planned to list its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GNL, possibly as soon as the second quarter. The firm would also change its name, calling itself Global Net Lease, Inc.
A news release from Healthcare Trust II, a publicly registered, non-traded REIT, said its Board of Directors had determined – in consultation with its financial advisors KeyBanc Capital Markets and RCS Capital – that moving forward with a listing application was in the firm’s best interests.
“Listing Healthcare Trust II is an important strategic step to enhance long-term shareholder value and create liquidity,” CEO Thomas D’Arcy said in the release. “The real estate capital markets, while somewhat volatile, still offer, in our opinion, the best strategic alternative to monetize value for our stakeholders, while not foreclosing other options.”
As of Dec. 31, the REIT had 118 assets and about 6.3 million square feet. Occupancy was approximately 91 percent and the average remaining lease term was 10 ½ years.
In January, the healthcare REIT said it had completed a $2.1 billion non-listed public offering on Nov. 17 and invested approximately $1.84 billion in properties, including some under contract, by the end of 2014. It said the assets included medical office buildings, seniors housing and other health-care related facilities. The company said it expected to spend the remainder of the proceeds by the end of March.
Meanwhile, its former sister company, American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust, Inc. completed its merger with Ventas, Inc. the largest healthcare REIT in the United States, in mid-January. Ventas acquired ARC Healthcare Trust for $3.2 billion in a stock and cash deal. When the transaction was announced in June, it was expected Ventas would pay $2.6 billion in stock and cash. At that time, the ARC Healthcare Trust stock was valued at $11.3 for shareholders who wanted to cash out. By the time of the closing, it had risen to $13.12 per ARC Healthcare Trust stock. The June announcement came two months after ARC Healthcare Trust stock began trading on the NASDAQ under the symbol HCT.
Ventas chairman & CEO Debra Cafaro said the deal added more than 4 million square and 152 properties to her company’s holdings as well as more than 20 new health systems to its client base and 10 new senior living operators.
Both AR Capital- sponsored REITs were part of the real estate empire built by Nicholas Schorsch, the embattled former chairman & CEO of American Realty Capital Properties and head of numerous non-traded REITs, business development corporations and other partnerships. Schorsch, who remains as chairman of the AR Capital investment firm, had resigned in December from ARCP and the boards of 13 companies. His departures came after an accounting scandal was disclosed in October at ARCP. Two weeks ago, ARCP released six quarters of restated financials and is moving on under new management in Phoenix.



Healthcare Trust Inc.
Thomas D’Arcy

 



















Related Posts








Employment Picture

24 July 2017 15:46









CMBS Delinquencies

24 July 2017 15:44









National Vacancies

24 July 2017 15:42









REIT Dividend Yields

24 July 2017 15:25









Industrial Demand

24 July 2017 15:16
















Top Stories







                    Historic KC Building Comes Back to Life
                



24 July 2017 22:02







                    Chicago PNC Bank Changes Hands for $4 Million
                



24 July 2017 19:01







                    Irvine Leases 300 KSF+ of Office Space in Downtown Chicago
                



24 July 2017 18:53







                    Brandywine Realty Relocates HQ to Urban Philly
                



24 July 2017 15:08







                    Attorney Hugh Finnegan Joins Romer Debbas as Partner
                



24 July 2017 15:08







More Top Stories





















American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 2:03 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. is a real estate investment trust. It invests in the real estate markets of United States and Europe. The firm invests in the commercial real estate properties. American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. was formed in April 23, 2014 and is based in New York, New York. As of December 22, 2016, American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Global Net Lease, Inc.


405 Park Avenue15th FloorNew York, NY 10022United States



Phone: 212-415-6500

Fax: 212-421-5799

www.arcglobaltrust2.com







Key Executives for American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.




Mr. Scott J. Bowman


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Andrew Winer


      	President and Chief Investment Officer
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Patrick J. Goulding


      	Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. William M. Kahane J.D.


      	Executive Chairman
      


Age: 69
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. Key Developments

American Realty Capital Global Trust II Files Form 15
Dec 22 16
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. has announced that it has filed a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to voluntarily deregister its common stock, $0.01 par value per share under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.



American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. - Special Call
Nov 29 16
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. - Special Call


American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc., Q3 2017 Earnings Call, Dec 02, 2016
Nov 29 16
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc., Q3 2017 Earnings Call, Dec 02, 2016


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 8, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc., please visit www.arcglobaltrust2.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























ARC HT III
















Toggle navigation
























  
  
  
  
  


     




About American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc.
ARC HT III is Closed To All New Investments
American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc., or ARC HT III, is a real estate investment trust focusing primarily on healthcare-related assets including medical office buildings, seniors housing and other healthcare-related facilities.
Healthcare is the single largest industry in the United States based on GDP and is still growing. Meeting the needs of this booming sector requires a significant level of real estate capital. The company believes this, along with Management’s past success in the industry, current relationships and ARC HT III, Inc.’s disciplined investment approach, will continue to play a key role in the ability to meet investment objectives and ultimately deliver value on behalf of shareholders.

News and Updates
June 19, 2017 American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc. to Sell Substantially All Assets to
Healthcare Trust, Inc. for Approximately $120 Million and Liquidate Read Press Release >
June 1, 2017 ARC HT III Q1 Shareholder Letter Read Shareholder Letter >
June 1, 2017 ARC HT III Q1 Investor Presentation Read Presentation >









Copyright © 2017 American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                       
                        
      
                 Privacy Policy | 
                 Terms & Conditions | 
                 Contact













Healthcare Trust Inc.





























Offering Profile

Investment Strategy
Opportunity


Leadership
Portfolio
Investor Relations

SEC Filings
Forms
Corporate Governance
News


Contact Us

























































Healthcare Trust Inc.
HTI is Closed To All New Investments
Healthcare Trust, Inc. (“HTI” or “the Company”) is a non-traded real estate investment trust which seeks to acquire a diversified portfolio of real estate properties, focusing primarily on healthcare-related assets including medical office buildings, seniors housing and other healthcare-related facilities.









Recent Updates and News





June 19, 2017
Healthcare Trust, Inc. to Acquire American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc.
Portfolio for Approximately $120 Million 
Read Press Release →
June 1, 2017
 Healthcare Trust, Inc. Q1 Shareholder Letter 
Read Shareholder Letter →
June 1, 2017
 Healthcare Trust, Inc. Q1 Investor Presentation 
Read Presentation→



Read all News →

















Privacy Policy | 
                 Terms & Conditions | 
                 Contact


Copyright © 2017 Healthcare Trust Inc. All Rights Reserved.

































 



 American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. Announces Expiration Of ’Go Shop’ Period 
         










    










 













 











 



















American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. Announces Expiration Of "Go Shop" Period
        																																												
              
















 News provided by
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.  
Sep 26, 2016, 06:00 ET









 Share this article



























































NEW YORK, Sept. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. (the "Company") today announced the expiration of the 45-day "go shop" period set forth in the previously announced merger agreement entered into on August 8, 2016, by and among the Company, American Realty Capital Global II Operating Partnership, L.P., Global Net Lease, Inc. ("GNL"), Global Net Lease Operating Partnership, L.P., and a wholly-owned subsidiary of GNL (the "Merger Agreement").


During the "go shop" period, the Company was permitted, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, to initiate, solicit and encourage inquiries from and engage in discussions and negotiations with third parties relating to alternative acquisition proposals. The "go shop" period expired at 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on September 22, 2016. None of the third parties contacted by BMO Capital Markets, as financial advisor to the Company's special committee comprised of independent directors, provided the Company with an alternative acquisition proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement).
The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") preliminary proxy materials related to the special meeting of the Company's common stockholders to vote on a proposal to approve the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 
The parties to the Merger Agreement currently expect to complete the merger during the fourth quarter of 2016, subject to satisfaction of the closing conditions, including receipt of the Company's common stockholders' approval. 
About American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.
The Company is a publicly registered non-traded real estate investment trust focused on acquiring a diversified portfolio of commercial properties, with an emphasis on sale-leaseback transactions involving single tenant net leased commercial properties across the United States and Europe. Additional information about the Company can be found on its website at www.arcglobaltrust2.com.
Additional Information About the Proposed Transaction and Where to Find It
This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval.  In connection with the proposed transaction, GNL and the Company filed a joint preliminary proxy statement/prospectus with the SEC on September 16, 2016. Both GNL'S and the Company's stockholders are urged to read the proxy statement (including all amendments and supplements thereto) and other relevant documents filed with the SEC if and when they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. 
Investors may obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents filed by GNL and the Company with the SEC (if and when they become available) through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.
Copies of the documents filed by GNL with the SEC are also available free of charge on GNL's website at www.globalnetlease.com and copies  of the documents filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on the Company's website at www.arcglobal2.com.
GNL and the Company and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from both companies' stockholders in respect of the proposed transaction.  Information regarding GNL's directors and executive officers can be found in GNL's definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016. Information regarding the Company's directors and executive officers can be found in the Company's definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will be included in the joint proxy statement and other relevant documents filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction if and when they become available. These documents are available free of charge on the SEC's website and from GNL and the Company, as applicable, using the sources indicated above.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements made in this letter are "forward-looking statements" (as defined in Section 21E of the Exchange Act), which reflect the expectations of GNL and the Company regarding future events. The forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, whether and when the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement between GNL and the Company, among others, will be consummated, the new combined company's plans, market and other expectations, objectives, intentions, as well as any expectations or projections with respect to the combined company, including regarding future dividends and market valuations, and other statements that are not historical facts. 
The following additional factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements: the ability to obtain regulatory approvals for the transaction and the approval by the Company's and GNL's stockholders of the transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement; market volatility; unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities that may arise from the transaction, whether or not consummated; the inability to retain key personnel; continuation or deterioration of current market conditions; future regulatory or legislative actions that could adversely affect the companies; and the business plans of the tenants of the respective parties. Additional factors that may affect future results are contained in the Company's and GNL's filings with the SEC, which are available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The Company and GNL disclaim any obligation to update and revise statements contained in these materials based on new information or otherwise.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150129/172160LOGO 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/american-realty-capital-global-trust-ii-inc-announces-expiration-of-go-shop-period-300333742.html
SOURCE  American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.  Related Links

http://arcglobaltrust2.com




 






















Aug 08, 2016, 06:35 ET
Preview: American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. And Global Net Lease, Inc. To Merge In An All Stock Deal Creating A Premier, Global, Single-Tenant Net Lease REIT








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc. Announces Expiration Of "Go Shop" Period


 News provided by
American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc.  
Sep 26, 2016, 06:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


