











		Variable Portfolios (VP) Funds
		
	 | American Century Investments ®

































































/ipro/login/login_header_body.jsp
American Century Investments












Variable Portfolios (VP) Funds








American Century Investments® Variable Portfolio Funds (VP Funds) are a series of investment options exclusively for variable annuity and variable universal life products. The VP Funds are designed to help align your business with your clients' needs by offering a wide range of investment disciplines coupled with the flexibility of multiple-class pricing. Performance will vary based on the fees and expenses assessed with investments in variable insurance products. Those charges are disclosed in the separate account prospectus.





standard
Variable Portfolio Performance
Find year-to-date prices, returns, yields and ratings and rankings information.
Variable Portfolio Performance




standard
Variable Portfolio Documents
Access Fund Fact Sheets, Prospectuses and other reports.
Variable Portfolio Documents




































		
		
		 XBRL Files
		
	 | American Century Investments ®

















































American Century Investments






XBRL Files







 

Issuer
XBRL File
American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.
XBRL
VP Balanced Fund
 
VP Capital Appreciation Fund
 
VP Growth Fund
 
VP Income & Growth Fund
 
VP International Fund
 
VP Large Company Value Fund
 
VP Mid Cap Value Fund
 
VP Ultra® Fund
 
VP Value Fund
 
 
 
American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc.
XBRL
VP Inflation Protection Fund
 







You should consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before you invest. The fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, which can be obtained by calling 1-800-345-6488, contains this and other information about the fund, and should be read carefully before investing. Download Prospectus: Mutual Fund or Variable Portfolio Fund. Investments are subject to market risk.
American Century Investment Services, Inc., Distributor
Terms & Conditions | Glossary | Privacy & Security


















AMERICAN CENTURY VARIABLE PORTFOLIOS II, INC. - KANSAS CITY, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



KANSAS CITY



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            AMERICAN CENTURY VARIABLE PORTFOLIOS II, INC.
                                    



 





















A 


AMERICAN CENTURY VARIABLE PORTFOLIOS II, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4500 MAIN ST KANSAS CITY, MO 64111
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $730,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $730,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc. - VP Inflation Protection Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 2:36 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc. - VP Inflation Protection Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



4500 Main StreetKansas City, MO 64111-7709United States



Phone: 816-531-5575

Fax: 816-340-4964








Key Executives for American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc. - VP Inflation Protection Fund




Mr. Jonathan Stuart Thomas


      	President and Trustee
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Robert J. Leach


      	Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Charles A. Etherington


      	Senior Vice President and General Counsel
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Ward D. Stauffer


      	Secretary
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. David H. Reinmiller


      	Vice President
      


Age: 54
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc. - VP Inflation Protection Fund Key Developments

American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc. - VP Inflation Protection Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 13, 2016
Apr 18 16
American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc. - VP Inflation Protection Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 13, 2016, at 09:00 Central Standard Time. Location: American Century Investments' office 4500 Main Street Kansas City, MO 64111 United States Agenda: To elect directors/trustees.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc. - VP Inflation Protection Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.
















		Shareholder Proxy Vote
		
	 | American Century Investments ®































































/jspincludes/login/login_include.jsp
American Century Investments












Shareholder Proxy Vote












American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds
American Century Government Income Trust
American Century International Bond Funds
American Century Investment Trust
American Century Municipal Trust
American Century Quantitative Equity Funds, Inc.
American Century Target Maturities Trust
American Century Variable Portfolios II, Inc.


What am I being asked to vote on?
Shareholders of each of the Issuers listed above are being asked to approve the election of four nominated Directors/Trustees (each a “Nominee” and collectively the “Nominees”) to the Board of Directors/Trustees of each Issuer.
When will the special meeting be held? Who can vote?
The special meeting (the “Meeting”) will be held on June 13, 2016, at 9:00 a.m. Central time at American Century Investments’ office at 4500 Main Street, Kansas City, Missouri, 64111. Please note, the Meeting is being held solely for the purpose of voting for the election of directors/trustees. No presentations about the Issuers’ funds (each a “Fund” and collectively the “Funds”) are planned. If you owned shares of one of the Funds at the close of business on April 1, 2016, you are entitled to vote, even if you later sold the shares. Each shareholder is entitled to one vote per dollar of shares owned, with fractional dollars voting proportionally.
Why am I being asked to elect the Nominees to the Boards?
Under the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Boards of Directors/Trustees (the “Boards”) are allowed to appoint new Board members to fill vacancies so long as immediately after such appointment, at least two-thirds of the directors/trustees have been elected by shareholders. Five of the seven current Directors/Trustees of each Issuer have been elected by shareholders. The two Directors/Trustees that have not been elected by shareholders were previously appointed by the Boards. Although more than two-thirds of the current Directors/Trustees were elected by shareholders, the Boards are unable to fill additional vacancies without a shareholder vote.
Who are the Nominees for election to the Boards of Directors/Trustees?
The Boards of Directors/Trustees have nominated Anne Casscells, Jonathan D. Levin, Tanya S. Beder and Jeremy I. Bulow for election by shareholders at the Meeting. You are being asked to elect Ms. Casscells and Dr. Levin to fill two vacant positions on each Issuer’s Board of Directors/Trustees. Ms. Casscells and Dr. Levin currently serve as advisory members to the Boards. You are also being asked to elect Ms. Beder and Dr. Bulow, both of whom currently serve on the Boards but have not previously been elected by shareholders. If the four nominated Directors/Trustees are elected, the Boards will have increased flexibility to appoint additional Board members in the future.
How do the Boards recommend that I vote?
The Boards, including all of the Independent Directors/Trustees, unanimously recommend you vote FOR the proposal. For a discussion of the factors the Boards considered in approving the proposal, see the accompanying materials.
My holdings in the Funds are small, why should I vote?
Your vote makes a difference. If many shareholders do not vote their proxies, an Issuer may not receive enough votes to go forward with its special meeting. This means additional costs will be incurred to solicit votes to determine the outcome of the proposal.
Why are multiple proxy cards enclosed?
You will receive a proxy card for each of the Funds in which you are a shareholder. In addition, if you own shares of the same Fund in multiple accounts that are titled differently, you will receive a proxy card for each account.
How do I cast my vote?
You may vote online, by phone, by mail or in person at the special meeting. To vote online, access the Web site listed on a proxy card. To vote by telephone, call the toll-free number listed on a proxy card. To vote online or by telephone, you will need the number that appears in the gray box on each of your proxy cards. To vote by mail, complete, sign and send us the enclosed proxy card(s) in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. You also may vote in person at the special meeting on June 13, 2016. If you need more information or have any questions on how to cast your vote, call our proxy solicitor, D. F. King & Co., Inc., at 1-877-361-7971.
What else do I need to know?
Shareholders of the issuer(s) as of April 1, 2016, are eligible to vote on the proposal and will receive a detailed proxy statement in mid-April, 2016.
If you are eligible, we encourage you to vote as soon as possible. The shareholder meeting is scheduled for June 13, 2016.
A proxy statement with respect to the information described above will be mailed to shareholders of record on April 18, 2016 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Investors are urged to read the proxy statement because it contains important information. The proxy statement and other relevant documents will be available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by calling 1-800-345-2021.




















































View/Print Output



















Financial professionals















Prospectus





MultiOption Extra
American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.

						American Century VP Income & Growth - Class II
					




							Summary Prospectus
							


							Statutory Prospectus
							


							Semi-Annual Report
							


							Annual Report
							


							Statement Of Additional Information
							


















OK, proceed
Go back













 





Strategic Group Variable Universal Life® (SGVUL) - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
Strategic Group Variable Universal Life® (SGVUL)










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.




American Century VP Income & Growth Fund (Class I) 

American Century VP Value Fund (Class I) 



Fidelity® Variable Insurance Products Fund




Fidelity® VIP Contrafund® Portfolio (Service Class) 



MFS® Variable Insurance Trust




MFS® Growth Series (Initial Class) 

MFS® New Discovery Series (Initial Class) 

MFS® Research Series (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund




MML Aggressive Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Balanced Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Conservative Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Index Fund (Class II) 

MML Growth Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Moderate Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Cap Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Strategic Emerging Markets Fund (Class II) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer International Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Small Cap Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 



T. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc.




T Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio* 

T Rowe Price New America Growth Portfolio 













Product Prospectus (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)


Underlying Fund Fee Table (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 548-0073 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.
The T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio is not available as an investment choice for policies issued on May 1, 2004 or later.
Sales of all variable life insurance products must be preceded or accompanied by the current prospectuses for the products and their investment choices, which contain more information on charges, expenses, risks, and investment objectives. Please read them carefully before you invest or send money. These prospectuses are available through the above links. Contact your registered representative if you have any questions.
Strategic Group Variable Universal Life® (Policy Form GULPM-9700 and GULCM-9700) is participating, group flexible premium adjustable life insurance. Strategic GVUL (GVULPM-9700 and GVULCM-9700) is participating, group flexible premium adjustable life insurance with a Variable Rider. In Maryland this product is issued as a Strategic GVUL certificate. Dividends are not expected to be paid. The GUL and GVUL policies and certificates are issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.
Principal Underwriters: MML Distributors, LLC (MMLD) and MML Investors Services, LLC, (MMLIS), Members FINRA (www.FINRA.org) and SIPC (www.SIPC.org). MMLD and MMLIS are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close











