

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 







AMERRA Agri Advantage Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Amerra Agri Advantage Gp, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









AMERRA Agri Advantage Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1185 Avenue Of The Americas, 17th Floor  
    New York, NY, 10036Phone: 212-710-8022 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-09


Amended


$100,000,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-09


Amended


$100,000,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-12-09


Amended


$100,000,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-12-09


New


$100,000,000


$100,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Amerra Agri Advantage Gp, Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Amerra Capital Gp, Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Amerra Capital Management, Llc 
 Executive 


 Pat Morabito 
 Executive 


 Nancy L. Obler 
 Executive 


 Craig A. Tashjian 
 Executive 










﻿







Amerra Agri Advantage Fund  Filing. Pat Morabito  Submitted Dec 9  D Filing – Octafinance






















































 








Tuesday, 25 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Amerra Agri Advantage Fund  Filing. Pat Morabito  Submitted Dec 9  D Filing


12/09/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Amerra Agri Advantage Fund  Filing. Pat Morabito  Submitted Dec 9  D Filing and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/amerra-agri-advantage-fund-filing-pat-morabito-submitted-dec-9-d-filing/307859/.CaptchaSubmit
Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Form D
The New York-based Amerra Agri Advantage Fund, L.P. had published form D because of $100.00 million offering. The date of first sale was 2013-07-23. The Limited Partnership raised $100.00 million. The offering is still open. The total private offering amount was $100.00 million. This form was filed on 2015-12-09. Amerra Agri Advantage Fund, L.P.’s clarification was: unspecified. 
 Amerra Agri Advantage Fund is based in New York. The firm’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form D was submitted by Pat Morabito Chief Operating Officer. The company was incorporated in 2013. The filler’s address is: 1185 Avenue Of The Americas, 17Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10036. Amerra Agri Advantage Gp, Llc is the related person in the form and it has address: 1185 Avenue Of The Americas, 17Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10036. Link to Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Filing: 000159367915000001.
Analysis of Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Offering
On average, startups in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % investment fund interests. Amerra Agri Advantage Fund sold 100.00 % of the offering. The average offering amount is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The minimum investment for Amerra Agri Advantage Fund ‘s offering is $0.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Do Hedge Funds Love Gladstone Land Corp (NASDAQ:LAND)? Whereable Technologies  $1.00 million  Fundraising. James T Van Law  Submitted Dec 9  Form D 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?






















AMERRA AGRI OFFSHORE FUND, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      AMERRA AGRI OFFSHORE FUND, L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Amerra Agri Offshore Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2011-03-10. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from AMERRA AGRI OFFSHORE FUND, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




amerra agri offshore fund, l.p.


AMERRA CAPITAL GP, LLC

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10036


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-730-2000







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 03/10/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2011-03-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
89,412,842
INDEFINITE


2009-10-29
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




CRAIG   TASHJIAN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   AMERRA CAPITAL GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



NANCY   OBLER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Lp raised $100,000,000 on December 9th, 2013































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/219588-amerra-agri-advantage-fund-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=219588  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Lp raised $100,000,000 on December 9th, 2013.Get alertedif Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Lp gets funded!Amount:$100,000,000Company:Amerra Agri Advantage Fund LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:Pat Morabito (Executive Officer) Nancy Obler (Executive Officer) Craig Tashjian (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - AMERRA Agri Advantage Fund, L.P. (0001593679) (Filer)Description:Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Lp has closed its 100M financing round in 2013, December 9th. Amerra Agri Advantage Fund Lp is a Finance company.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










 




Amerra Agri Fund, Lp: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 25, 2017 2:23 PM ET

Company Overview of Amerra Agri Fund, Lp



Snapshot People




Company Overview



,  United States










Key Executives for Amerra Agri Fund, Lp


Amerra Agri Fund, Lp does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Amerra Agri Fund, Lp, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























AMERRA Agri Offshore Fund, L.P.


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







AMERRA Agri Offshore Fund, L.P.
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

AMERRA Agri Offshore Fund, L.P.





















AMERRA Agri Offshore Fund, L.P.
is  a Cayman Islands Hedge Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was founded on Tuesday, June 01, 2010.






Amerra Capital Gp, Llc
New York,
New York, 
10036 
United States
Phone: (212) 730-2000




Inception Date2010-06-01
CIK0001474983
JurisdictionCayman Islands
Updated2017-06-20 13:23:58.282733
NameAMERRA Agri Offshore Fund, L.P.
Latest Filing2011-03-10
As of Date2011-03-10
Inception2010-06-01
Form D File Number021-135694
Legal Entity TypeOther











Statements



Commitments and Contributions


Private Investors












03-11
10-09




Commitments/Contributions
89.41M
None











03-11
10-09




Investors
19.00
None

































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














amerra agri fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related toamerra agri fund



amerra capital management


amerra capital management llc


amerra agri fund ii lp


amerra agri fund iii



agricultural investors


agrifund llc


daniel hitchcock amerra


agri funds




Web Results

Amerra Agri Fund, Lp: Private Company Information - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Amerra Agri Fund, Lp company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


AMERRA Capital Management - Agri Investor

https://www.agriinvestor.com/sponsor/amerra-capital-management


AMERRA Capital Management is a ... AMERRA provides a full ... talk to Agri Investor about their vision behind the impact investment firm and the $50m agri fund ...


Amerra Agri Opportunity Fund, Lp: CEO and Executives ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?...


Get to know Amerra Agri Opportunity Fund, Lp CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO ...


AMERRA AGRI FUND II, LP Top Holdings - WhaleWisdom

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/amerra-agri-fund-ii-lp


Detailed Profile of AMERRA AGRI FUND II, LP portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Capital Management, LLC Customized Agricultural Finance

sdcera.granicus.com/MetaViewer.php?view_id=2&clip_id=336&meta_id=38018


Capital Management, LLC Customized Agricultural Finance ... AMERRA Agri Fund and AMERRA Agri Offshore Fund are closed to new ... AgriFund and AMERRA Offshore Fund.


Amerra Agri Advantage Fund, L.P. Form D filed December 9 ...

form-d.findthecompany.com/l/178887/Amerra-Agri-Advantage-Fund-L-P


Research private fundraising by Amerra Agri Advantage Fund, L.P.. Find the details of their December 09, 2014 Form D filing and compare it to their past filings.


Agri Investor - Global agri-investment intelligence

https://www.agriinvestor.com


Global agri-investment intelligence ... The global investment and advisory firm is helping select a sales manager for assets that remain within the listed timber fund ...


AMERRA Agri Fund III | AltAssets Private Equity News

https://www.altassets.net/tag/amerra-agri-fund-iii


Rubicon Technology Partners has raised the stakes with its second fund by pulling in almost double the capital of its 2014 maiden fundraise. Global buyout giant ...


Amerra Agri Fund LP Form D filed July 21, 2011

form-d.findthecompany.com/l/108613/Amerra-Agri-Fund-LP


Research private fundraising by Amerra Agri Fund LP. Find the details of their July 21, 2011 Form D filing and compare it to their past filings.


Federated Project & Trade Fin. Core Fund v Amerra Agri ...

www.courts.state.ny.us/Reporter/pdfs/2014/2014_30890.pdf


Federated Project & Trade Fin. Core Fund v Amerra Agri Fund, LP 2014 NY Slip Op 30890(U) April 4, 2014 Sup Ct, New York County Docket Number: 651986/12



Searches related toamerra agri fund



amerra capital management


amerra capital management llc


amerra agri fund ii lp


amerra agri fund iii



agricultural investors


agrifund llc


daniel hitchcock amerra


agri funds




12345Next






Answers







Agri-Energy Roundtable



counterpart Agri-Energy Roundtable/Nigeria. Competition for public funding Shortly after retiring his Senate seat, Jennings Randolph assumed the...

more






European Agricultural Fund for Rural...



The European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) is a European agricultural fund which was set up for the financing of Rural Development...

more






International Service for the...



The International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications (ISAAA) is a non-profit international organization that shares agricultural...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








