



Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") - PDF





























 Log in
Registration







Search for

















Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")





























                                                        SHARE 




                                                        HTML 




                                                        DOWNLOAD 




































                                                            Size: px
                                                        

                                                            Start display at page:
                                                        










Download "Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")"




                                                                Error: 




 Download Document









  Hillary Long
 1 years ago                                                                                            
 Views:  











Transcription





1 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated May 1, Subaccount underlying portfolios available as variable investment options for your Policy are: FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) Calvert Variable Products, Inc.* Calvert VP S&P MidCap 400 Index Portfolio, Class I ** Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio, Class I *** Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity VIP Contrafund Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Index: S&P MidCap 400 Index. Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Income and capital growth. Fidelity Management & Research Company Long-term capital appreciation. Fidelity VIP Equity-Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Index: S&P 500 Index. ** Fidelity VIP Growth Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Fidelity VIP High Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Fidelity VIP Investment Grade Bond Portfolio, Service Class 2 2,3 Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial Class 2,3 Capital Appreciation. Income and growth. Bond. Current income. Fidelity VIP Overseas Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term growth. Subadvisers: (1) FMR Co., Inc.; (2) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.; and (3) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Third Avenue Variable Series Trust Third Avenue Value Portfolio Third Avenue Management LLC Long-term capital appreciation. * These funds are part of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company ("Ameritas"), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. The funds investment adviser and Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. are indirect subsidiaries of Ameritas. Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., the underwriter for these funds, is also an indirect subsidiary of Ameritas. ** "Standard & Poor's," "S&P," "S&P 500," "Standard & Poor's 500," and "500" are trademarks of The McGraw- Hill Companies, Inc. and have been licensed for use by us. The Product is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Standard & Poor's and Standard & Poor's makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Product. The Statement of Additional Information sets forth certain additional disclaimers and limitations of liabilities on behalf of S&P as set forth in the Licensing Agreement between us and S&P. *** Sustainable and Responsible Investment ("SRI") 2. Please see the fund prospectuses for more information about subaccount underlying portfolios, including portfolio operating expenses for the year ended December 31, The disclosure about the Ameritas company's businesses is updated and revised to read as follows: The Ameritas companies are a diversified family of financial services businesses offering life insurance and annuities, group dental, vision and hearing care insurance, retirement plans and 401(k) plans as well as mutual funds and other investments, financial planning, and public financing. FA2 4. The Legal Proceedings section in your prospectus is deleted and replaced with the following: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We and our subsidiaries, like other life insurance companies, are subject to regulatory and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. Certain of the proceedings we are involved in assert claims for substantial amounts. While it is not possible to predict with certainty the ultimate outcome of any pending or future case, legal proceeding or regulatory action, we do not expect the ultimate result of any of these actions to result in a material adverse effect on the Separate Account, our ability to meet our obligations under the Policies, or AIC's ability to perform its obligations. Nonetheless, given the large or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters, and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on any or all of the above. 5. As indicated in prior disclosures and communications, any allocations made to closed investment options will be allocated according to the allocation instructions we have for your policy, after omitting allocation instructions relating to the closed investment option(s). All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA3 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated October 4, 2013 The Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Board of Directors approved, effective as of September 11, 2013, (1) the removal of New Amsterdam Partners LLC ("New Amsterdam") as an investment subadvisor for Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio (the "Portfolio") and (2) the assumption of responsibility by the current investment advisor, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., for the day to day management of the equity assets previously managed by New Amsterdam. Therefore, in the Separate Account Variable Investment Options section of your prospectus, the reference to New Amsterdam as subadvisor to the Portfolio is removed. Please see the Portfolio prospectus, as supplemented, for more information. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA4 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL and Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated August 16, 2013 This supplement describes changes to the variable investment options available under your Policy. You should read this information carefully and retain this supplement for future reference together with the Prospectus for your Policy. [All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meaning as those included in the Prospectus.] New Variable Investment Option 1. The list of variable investment options on page 1 of Annuity III-Plus, Overture Accent!, and Overture Acclaim! is revised to include the following: * FIDELITY VIP Initial Class Money Market * Short cites are used in this list. The Separate Account Variable Investment Options section of the prospectus uses complete fund and portfolio names. 2. The table of Separate Account Variable Investment Options is revised to include the following: FUND NAME INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity Management & Research Company Money Market 1,2 Current income. Subadvisers: (1) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. and (2) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Portfolio Substitution 3. We have filed an application with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") seeking an order approving the substitution of shares of the Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial Class for shares of the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio. The effect of the substitution would permit us to replace the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio ("Existing Fund") with the Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio ("Replacement Fund") as an investment option under the Policies. The Existing Fund and Replacement Fund are described in their respective summary prospectuses, which are available at no charge by contacting Customer Service at , or by logging into your account on the internet service center at AmeritasNY.com. Until the date of the substitution, Policy value currently allocated to the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio may remain invested in the corresponding Subaccount, and transfers of Policy value into and out of that Subaccount will be allowed. Any allocation to the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio pursuant to an asset allocation model will continue according to the model until the date of any substitution unless we receive different allocation instructions from you. We anticipate the substitution will occur on or around November 15, From the date of this supplement to the date of the substitution, if you have allocations to the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio Subaccount, you may transfer such allocations to any other available Subaccount without any charge or limitation (except potentially harmful transfers (see FA725 7/135 Disruptive Trading Procedures in the Prospectus)) and without the transfer counting toward the number of free transfers that otherwise may be made in a given Policy Year. If carried out, the proposed substitution would result in any Policy value you have allocated to the Subaccount funded by the Existing Fund being, in effect, transferred at relative net asset value to a Subaccount investing in the Replacement Fund. We will pay all expenses incurred in connection with the substitution. There would be no tax consequences resulting from this exchange. After the substitution, the Subaccount funded by the Existing Fund will no longer be available for investment under the Policy. Once the substitution occurs, unless you instruct us otherwise, any existing or future instruction that designates the Subaccount funded by the Existing Fund will be deemed to be an instruction for the Subaccount funded by the Replacement Fund. This includes, but is not limited to, instructions for purchase payments, partial withdrawals, and transfer instructions (including instructions under any automatic or systematic transfer option). All references in your prospectus to the Existing Fund will be replaced with a reference to the Replacement Fund. From the date of the substitution, until at least thirty (30) days after the substitution, you are permitted to transfer Policy value out of the Subaccount investing in the Replacement Fund to one or more other Subaccounts or the fixed account (if available) within the Policy without any charge or limitation (except potentially harmful transfers (see Disruptive Trading Procedures in the Prospectus)) and without the transfer being treated as one of a limited number of free transfers allowed under your Policy. If you would like to make a transfer of Policy value, please contact Customer Service at , or log into your account on the internet service center at AmeritasNY.com. Information about the Replacement Fund, its investment policy, risks, fees and expenses and other aspects of its operations, can be found in its prospectus, which you should read carefully. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT ANY NEW FUND WILL ACHIEVE ITS STATED OBJECTIVE. If you have any questions about this proposed substitution, please contact a Customer Service representative at All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this supplement with the current prospectus for your variable policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of New York at FA725 7/136 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL and Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated May 1, Subaccount underlying portfolios available as variable investment options for your Policy are: FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Variable Products, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP S&P MidCap 400 Index Portfolio, Class I ** Ameritas Index: S&P MidCap 400 Index. Investment Partners, Inc. Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio No Subadviser Money market: current income. Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio Equity Portion: New Income and capital growth. Amsterdam Partners LLC; Fixed Income Portion: No Subadviser Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity Management & Research Company Fidelity VIP Contrafund Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term capital appreciation. Fidelity VIP Equity-Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Index: S&P 500 Index. ** Fidelity VIP Growth Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Capital Appreciation. Fidelity VIP High Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Income and growth. Fidelity VIP Investment Grade Bond Portfolio, Service Class 2 2,3 Bond. Fidelity VIP Overseas Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term growth. Subadvisers: (1) FMR Co., Inc.; (2) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.; and (3) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Third Avenue Variable Series Trust Third Avenue Management LLC Third Avenue Value Portfolio Long-term capital appreciation. * These funds are part of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company ("Ameritas"), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. The funds investment adviser and Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. (named Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. prior to May 1, 2013) are indirect subsidiaries of Ameritas. Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., the underwriter for these funds, is also an indirect subsidiary of Ameritas. ** "Standard & Poor's," "S&P," "S&P 500," "Standard & Poor's 500," and "500" are trademarks of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and have been licensed for use by us. The Product is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Standard & Poor's and Standard & Poor's makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Product. The Statement of Additional Information sets forth certain additional disclaimers and limitations of liabilities on behalf of S&P as set forth in the Licensing Agreement between us and S&P. 2. Please see the fund prospectuses for more information about subaccount underlying portfolios, including portfolio operating expenses for the year ended December 31, Effective April 30, 2013, the Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio ("SRI Strategic Portfolio") merged into the Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio ("S&P 500 Index Portfolio"). Your prospectus is amended by removing all references to the SRI Strategic Portfolio. Future allocations directed to the subaccount investing in the SRI Strategic Portfolio will be placed in the S&P 500 Index Portfolio. The subaccount investing in the S&P 500 Index Portfolio remains closed to new money. 4. Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. was named Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. prior to May 1, All references to Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. in your prospectus are changed to Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. to reflect the name change. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA719 5/137 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated January 18, 2013 The Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Board of Directors (the "Board") approved (i) the removal of the investment subadviser for Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio (the "Portfolio") and (ii) the assumption of the day-to-day management of the Portfolio by the current investment adviser, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., effective as of December 13, The portfolio manager change does not affect the Portfolio's investment objective. The Board also approved the reorganization of the Portfolio into the Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio and recommended approval of the reorganization by Portfolio shareholders. If the Portfolio's shareholders approve the reorganization, the Portfolio will be merged into the Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio on or about April 30, If your variable annuity or variable life insurance policy remains invested in Portfolio shares at the time the reorganization is consummated, your Portfolio shares will be replaced by shares of Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio and thereafter the value of your Account will depend on the performance of Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio, rather than that of the Portfolio. The portion of the Separate Account Variable Options chart relating to this Portfolio is revised to read as follows: FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio No Subadviser INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Long-term capital appreciation; current income is secondary. * This fund is part of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company ("Ameritas "), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. The fund's investment adviser and Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., the underwriter for this fund, are indirect subsidiaries of Ameritas. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus. Please retain this supplement with the current prospectus for your variable policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at IN /138 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses and Statements of Additional Information Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated May 2, 2012 On May 2, 2012, the members of UNIFI Mutual Holding Company ("UNIFI ") approved an amendment to change the company's name to "Ameritas Mutual Holding Company." Therefore, all references to UNIFI Mutual Holding Company in your prospectus and Statement of Additional Information are changed to Ameritas Mutual Holding Company. The short cite for the new company name is "Ameritas;" therefore, all references to UNIFI are changed to Ameritas. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy, prospectus, and Statement of Additional Information. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA692 5/129 PROSPECTUS: May 1, 2012 OVERTURE ACCLAIM! Flexible Premium Deferred Variable Annuity Policy Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA This prospectus describes the Policy, especially its Separate Account. The Policy is designed to help you, the Policy Owner, invest on a tax-deferred basis and meet long-term financial goals. As an annuity, it also provides you with several ways to receive regular income from your investment. An initial minimum payment is required. Further investment is optional. You may allocate all or part of your investment among variable investment options (where you have the investment risk, including possible loss of principal) with allocated indirect interests in these non-publicly traded portfolios*: CALVERT VARIABLE PRODUCTS ** FIDELITY VIP Service Class 2 THIRD AVENUE VP S&P MidCap 400 Index, Class I Contrafund Value Equity-Income CALVERT VARIABLE SERIES ** Growth VP Money Market High Income VP SRI Balanced Investment Grade Bond VP SRI Strategic Overseas * Short cites are used in this list. "Investment Options" uses complete Fund and Portfolio names. ** Affiliates. See note in "Investment Options" section. or you may allocate all or part of your investment to a Fixed Account fixed interest rate option (where we have the investment risk and guarantee a certain return on your investment). Please Read this Prospectus Carefully and Keep It for Future Reference. It provides information you should consider before investing in a Policy. Prospectuses for the portfolios underlying the Subaccount variable investment options are available without charge from your sales representative or from our Service Center. A Statement of Additional Information, dated May 1, 2012, and other information about us and the Policy, is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and is incorporated into this prospectus by reference. For a free copy, access it on the SEC's website (www.sec.gov, select "Search for Company Filings," select "Search for Company Filings," select "file number," then type " "),, or write or call us. The Table of Contents for the Statement of Additional Information is on the last page of this prospectus. The SEC does not pass upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus, and has not approved or disapproved the Policy. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. NOT FDIC INSURED MAY LOSE VALUE NO BANK GUARANTEE Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York (we, us, our, Ameritas Life of NY) 1350 Broadway, Suite 2201, New York, NY 10018, Service Center, P.O. Box 82550, Lincoln, Nebraska AmeritasNY.com10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York 1350 Broadway, Suite 2201 New York, NY Telephone: Contacting Us. To answer your questions or to send additional premium, contact your sales representative or write or call us at: Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York Service Center P.O. Box Lincoln, Nebraska or 5900 "O" Street Lincoln, Nebraska Telephone: Fax: Interfund Transfer Request Fax: AmeritasNY.com Express mail packages should be sent to our street address, not our P.O. Box address. Remember the Correct form of Written Notice in "good order" is important for us to accurately process your Policy elections and changes. Many forms can be found on the on-line services section of our website. Or call us at our toll-free number and we will send you the form you need and tell you the information we require. Facsimile Written Notice. To provide you with timely service, we accept some Written Notices by facsimiles. However, by not requiring your original signature, there is a greater risk unauthorized persons can manipulate your signature and make changes on your Policy (including withdrawals) without your knowledge. We are entitled to act upon facsimile signatures that reasonably appear to us to be genuine. Begin on Page DEFINED TERMS...4 POLICY OVERVIEW...5 CHARGES...7 FINANCIAL INFORMATION...12 CHARGES EXPLAINED...12 Withdrawal Charge Mortality and Expense Risk Charge Administrative Charges Administrative Expense Fee, Annual Policy Fee Transfer Fee Tax Charges Fees Charged by the Portfolios Optional Features' Charges INVESTMENT OPTIONS...14 Separate Account Variable Investment Options Fixed Account Investment Option Transfers Disruptive Trading Procedures Systematic Transfer Programs: Dollar Cost Averaging, Portfolio Rebalancing, Earning Sweep IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS...20 Policy Application and Issuance Your Policy Value Telephone Transactions Delay of Payments Beneficiary Minor Owner or Beneficiary Policy Changes Policy Termination Optional Features POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS...25 Withdrawals Death Benefits Annuity Income Benefits FEDERAL INCOME TAX MATTERS...29 MISCELLANEOUS...33 About Our Company Distribution of the Policies Voting Rights Legal Proceedings APPENDIX A: Accumulation Unit Values...A:1 APPENDIX B: Tax Qualified Plan Disclosures... B:1 Thank You. If You Have Questions,... Last Page Statement of Additional Information Table of Contents.. Last Page Make checks payable to: " Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York." - 2 -11 DEFINED TERMS Accumulation Units are an accounting unit of measure used to calculate the Policy value allocated to Subaccounts of the Separate Account. It is similar to a share of a mutual fund. The Policy describes how Accumulation Units are calculated. Annuitant is the person on whose life annuity payments involving life contingencies are based and who receives Policy annuity payments. Annuity Date is the date annuity income payouts are scheduled to begin. This date is identified on the Policy Schedule page of your Policy. You may change this date, as permitted by the Policy and described in this prospectus. Beneficiary(ies) Owner's Beneficiary(ies) is the person(s) or legal entity who becomes the Policy Owner upon the Owner's death and who receives the death benefit payable upon the Owner's death prior to the Annuity Date. If none is named, those benefits are paid to the Owner's estate. Annuitant's Beneficiary(ies) is the person(s) or legal entity who receives the death benefit payable upon the Annuitant's death. If either an Owner or Annuitant's Beneficiary is named in the application, but not both, we presume you intend that person(s) or entity to serve both roles. Business Day is each day that the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. Cash Surrender Value is the Policy value less Policy fee, outstanding loans, and any premium tax charge not previously deducted. Owner, you, your is you -- the person(s) or legal entity who may exercise all rights and privileges under the Policy. If there are joint Owners, the signatures of both Owners are needed to exercise rights under the Policy. Policy Year/Month/Anniversary are measured from respective anniversary dates of the date of issue of this Policy. Subaccount is a division within the Separate Account for which Accumulation Units are separately maintained. Each Subaccount corresponds to a single underlying non-publicly traded portfolio issued through a series fund. We, Us, Our, Ameritas Life of NY, - Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. Written Notice or Request -- Written notice, signed by you, on a form approved by or acceptable to us, that gives us the information we require and is received at Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York, Service Center, P.O. Box 82550, Lincoln, NE (or 5900 "O" Street, Lincoln, NE 68510), fax Call us if you have questions about what form or information is required. This prospectus may only be used to offer the Policy where the Policy may lawfully be sold. The Policy is only available in the State of New York. If your Policy is issued as part of a qualified plan under the Internal Revenue Code, refer to any plan documents and disclosures for information about how some of the benefits and rights of the Policy may be affected12 POLICY OVERVIEW The following is intended as a summary. Please read each section of this prospectus for additional detail. The Overture Acclaim! Policy is a variable annuity savings vehicle offering a variety of investment options to help meet long-term financial goals. It is available from us in New York only. Associated charges are discussed in this prospectus' CHARGES and CHARGES EXPLAINED sections. You can allocate your premiums among a wide spectrum of Separate Account variable investment options and to a Fixed Account fixed interest rate option. In the Separate Account variable investment options you may gain or lose money on your investment. In the Fixed Account option, we guarantee you will earn a fixed rate of interest. The investment options are described on this prospectus' cover and the INVESTMENT OPTIONS section. The Policy is a deferred annuity: it has an accumulation (or deferral) phase and an annuity income phase. Accumulation Phase. During the accumulation phase, any earnings that you leave in the Policy are not taxed. During this phase you can invest additional money into the Policy, transfer amounts among the investment options, and withdraw some or all of the value of your Policy. Some restrictions may apply to transfers (especially to transfers into and out of the Fixed Account). Withdrawals may be subject to income tax and a penalty tax. Annuity Income Phase. The accumulation phase ends and the annuity income phase begins on a date you select or the later of the fifth Policy Anniversary or Anniversary nearest the Annuitant's 85 th birthday (but in no case later than the Annuitant's 90 th birthday). During the annuity income phase, we will make periodic payments to the Annuitant, unless you specify otherwise. You can select payments that are guaranteed to last for the Annuitant's entire life or for some other period. Some or all of each payment will be taxable. POLICY OPERATION AND FEATURES Premiums. Minimum initial premium: $25,000. Minimum additional premium: $1,000, or $50 per month if through electronic funds transfer. No additional premiums will be accepted after the earlier of the Annuity Date or the Annuitant's 85 th birthday without our approval. Investment Options. Variable investment option allocations are invested in Subaccounts of the Separate Account, which in turn invest in corresponding underlying portfolios. Fixed Account allocations are invested in our general account and we guarantee a fixed rate of interest. You may transfer among investments, subject to limits. Dollar cost averaging, portfolio rebalancing and earnings sweep systematic investment programs are available. Deductions from Assets. (See CHARGES on next pages.) Withdrawals. There are no Policy withdrawal charges applied to withdrawals. Each withdrawal must be at least $250. Annuity Income. Several fixed annuity income options are available. Death Benefit. A standard death benefit is paid upon the death of the Annuitant unless the guaranteed minimum death benefit is payable. Optional Features. Optional features available are listed in this prospectus' IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS section. Most can only be elected at Policy issue and only if you and the Annuitant are then not older than age 70. TAX-QUALIFIED PLANS The Policy can be used to fund a tax-qualified plan such as an IRA or Roth IRA (including for rollovers from tax-sheltered annuities), SEP IRA, or SIMPLE IRA, etc. This prospectus generally addresses the terms that affect a non-tax-qualified annuity. If your Policy funds a tax-qualified plan, read the Qualified Plan Disclosures in this prospectus' Appendix B to see how they might change your Policy rights and requirements. Contact us if you have questions about the use of the Policy in these or other tax-qualified plans13 CHARGES ( = Base Policy Fee; = Optional Feature Fee) The following tables describe the fees and expenses that you will pay when buying, owning, and surrendering the Policy. The first table describes the fees and expenses that you will pay at the time that you buy the Policy, surrender the Policy, or transfer Policy value between investment options. State premium taxes may also be deducted. = Base Policy Fees. = Optional Feature Fees. TRANSACTION FEES WITHDRAWAL CHARGE - NONE (as a % of each premium withdrawn) TRANSFER FEE (per transfer) first 15 transfers per year over 15 transfers in one Policy Year, we may charge... Guaranteed Maximum Fee Current Fee - - $0 $10 $0 $10 ANNUAL POLICY FEE (waived if Policy value is at least $50,000.) ANNUAL POLICY FEE (*but no more than $30 from the Fixed Account) $40* $36* SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES (deducted daily from assets allocated to the Separate Account to equal the annual % shown ) MORTALITY & EXPENSE RISK CHARGE 1.25% 1.25% ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE FEE 0.15% 0.15% TOTAL SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES 1.40% 1.40% OPTIONAL FEATURE FEE (deducted monthly from assets allocated to the Separate Account to equal the annual % shown ) One Year "PERIODIC STEP-UP" GUARANTEED MINIMUM DEATH BENEFIT 0.55% 0.25% PORTFOLIO COMPANY OPERATING EXPENSES (as of December 31, 2011) The next table shows the minimum and maximum total operating expenses charged by the portfolio companies, before any waivers or reductions, you may pay periodically during the time that you own the contract. TOTAL ANNUAL PORTFOLIO COMPANY OPERATING EXPENSES Expenses that are deducted from portfolio company assets, including Minimum Maximum management fees, distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees, and other expenses Before any Waivers and Reductions 0.41% (1) 1.38% (2) After any Waivers and Reductions (explained in the footnotes to this table) 0.40% (1) 1.30% (3) (1) Calvert Variable Series VP Money Market. The Investment Advisor, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., has contractually agreed to limit direct net annual portfolio operating expenses through April 30, 2013, as shown above. Under the terms of the contractual expense limitation, operating expenses do not include interest expense, brokerage commissions, taxes and extraordinary expenses. Only the Board of Directors of the portfolios may terminate a portfolio s expense cap before the contractual period expires. (2) Calvert Variable Series VP SRI Equity. This Subaccount was closed to new money in The Investment Advisor, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., has contractually agreed to limit direct net annual portfolio operating expenses through April 30, 2013, as shown above. Under the terms of the contractual expense limitation, operating expenses do not include interest expense, brokerage commissions, taxes and extraordinary expenses. Only the Board of Directors of the portfolios may terminate a portfolio s expense cap before the contractual period expires. (3) Third Avenue Value. The Fund's advisor has contractually agreed, for a period of one year from April 30, 2012, to waive receipt of advisory fees and/or reimburse Fund expenses in order to limit total annual expenses (exclusive of taxes, interest, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses, and extraordinary items) to 1.30% of average daily net assets, subject to later reimbursement in certain circumstances. The Investment Options section of this prospectus lists current Subaccount portfolios. Information about fees and expenses for each current and closed portfolio is contained in the prospectus for that portfolio14 EXAMPLES OF EXPENSES The Examples below are intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Policy with the cost of investing in other variable annuity policies. These costs include Policy owner transaction expenses, contract charges, separate account annual expenses, and Subaccount underlying portfolio fees and expenses. The Examples assume that you invest $10,000 in the Policy for the time periods indicated. The Examples also assume that your investment has a 5% return each year and assume the underlying portfolio and Policy fees and expenses indicated. The example amounts are illustrative only, and should not be considered a representation of past or future expenses. Your actual expenses may be higher or lower than those shown in the chart. Please note that although the examples assume $10,000 premium to aid comparisons, our minimum premium for this policy is $25,000. Surrender Policy at the end of the time period. ($) Annuitize Policy at the end of the time period. ($) Policy is neither surrendered nor annuitized. ($) EXAMPLE 1 Yr 3 Yr 5 Yr 10 Yr 1 Yr 3 Yr 5 Yr 10 Yr 1 Yr 3 Yr 5 Yr 10 Yr Maximum (1) Policy Expenses $375 $1,138 $1,919 $3,952 $375 $1,138 $1,919 $3,952 $375 1,138 $1,919 $3,952 Minimum (2) Policy Expenses $219 $671 $1,146 $2,440 $219 $671 $1,146 $2,440 $219 $671 $1,146 $2,440 (1) Maximum Policy Expense Charges. This example assumes maximum charges of 1.40% for Separate Account annual expenses, a $40 guaranteed maximum Policy fee (although our current base Policy fee is $36), 0.55% of other Policy value annual expenses for the periodic step-up guaranteed minimum death benefit option, plus the maximum fees and expenses before any waivers or reductions of any of the portfolio companies (1.38%). (2) Minimum Policy Expense Charges. This example assumes current charges of 1.40% for Separate Account annual expenses, a $36 current Policy fee, plus the minimum fees and expenses after any waivers or reductions of any of the portfolio companies (0.40%). FINANCIAL INFORMATION Accumulation Unit Values We provide Accumulation Unit value history for each of the Separate Account variable investment options in Appendix A. Financial Statements Financial statements of the Subaccounts of the Separate Account and our company are included in the Statement of Additional Information. To learn how to get a copy, see the front or back page of this prospectus. CHARGES EXPLAINED ( = Base Policy Fee; = Optional Rider Fee) The following adds to information provided in the CHARGES section. Please review both prospectus sections for information on charges. WITHDRAWAL CHARGE NONE MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGE We impose a daily fee to compensate us for the mortality and expense risks we have under the Policy. This fee is equal to an annual rate of 1.25% of the value of the net assets in the Separate Account. This fee is reflected in the Accumulation Unit values for each Subaccount. Our mortality risk arises from our obligation to make annuity payments and to pay death benefits prior to the Annuity Date. The mortality risk we assume is that annuitants will live longer than we project, so our cost in making annuity payments will be higher than projected. However, an Annuitant's own longevity, or improvement in general life expectancy, will not affect the periodic annuity payments we pay under your Policy. Another mortality risk we assume is that at your death the death benefit we pay will be greater than the Policy value. Our expense risk is that our costs to administer your Policy will exceed the amount we collect through administrative charges. If the mortality and expense risk charge does not cover our costs, we bear the loss, not you. If the charge exceeds our costs, the excess is our profit. If the withdrawal charge does not cover our Policy distribution costs, the deficiency is met from our general account assets, which may include amounts, if any, derived from this mortality and expense risk charge15 ADMINISTRATIVE CHARGES Administrative fees help us cover our cost to administer your Policy. Administrative Expense Fee This fee is equal to an annual rate of 0.15% of the value of the net assets in the Separate Account. This fee is reflected in the Accumulation Unit values for each Subaccount. Annual Policy Fee Currently $36. We reserve the right to charge an annual Policy fee not to exceed $40. Any Policy Fee is deducted from your Policy value on the last Business Day of each Policy Year and upon a complete surrender. This fee is levied by canceling Accumulation Units and making a deduction from the Fixed Account. It is deducted from each Subaccount and the Fixed Account in the same proportion that the value in each Subaccount and the Fixed Account bears to the total Policy value. However, the Fixed Account share of this fee will never exceed $30 per year. We currently waive any Policy Fee if the Policy value is at least $50,000. TRANSFER FEE The first 15 transfers per Policy Year from Subaccounts or the Fixed Account are free. A transfer fee of $10 may be imposed for any transfer in excess of 15 per Policy Year. The transfer fee is deducted pro rata from each Subaccount (and, if applicable, the Fixed Account) in which the Owner is invested. TAX CHARGES New York currently does not level any premium tax on annuity policies. No charges are currently made for taxes other than premium taxes. We reserve the right to levy charges in the future for taxes or other costs resulting from taxes that we determine are properly attributable to the Separate Account. FEES CHARGED BY THE PORTFOLIOS Each Subaccount's underlying portfolio has investment advisory fees and expenses. They are described in more detail in each fund's prospectus. A portfolio's fees and expenses are not deducted from your Policy value. Instead, they are reflected in the daily value of portfolio shares which, in turn, will affect the daily Accumulation Unit value of the Subaccounts. These fees and expenses help to pay the portfolio's investment advisory and operating expenses. OPTIONAL FEATURES' CHARGES The optional feature is principally described in the prospectus section noted below: Optional Feature Optional Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit features Prospectus Section Where It Is Covered POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS: Death Benefits Charges for the optional feature are shown in this prospectus' CHARGES section. WAIVER OF CERTAIN CHARGES When the Policy is sold in a manner that results in savings of sales or administrative expenses, we reserve the right to waive all or part of any fee we charge under the Policy (excluding fees charged by the portfolios). Factors we consider include one or more of the following: size and type of group to whom the Policy is issued; amount of expected premiums; relationship with us (employee of us or an affiliated company, receiving distributions or making transfers from other policies we or one of our affiliates issue or transferring amounts held under qualified retirement plans we or one of our affiliates sponsor); type and frequency of administrative and sales services provided; or level of annual maintenance fee and withdrawal charges. In an exchange of another policy we or an affiliated company issued and where the withdrawal charge has been waived, the withdrawal charge for this Policy may be determined based on the dates premiums were received in the prior policy. Any fee waiver will not be discriminatory and will be done according to our rules in effect at the time the Policy is issued. We reserve the right to change these rules. The right to waive any fees may be subject to state approval16 INVESTMENT OPTIONS We recognize you have very personal goals and investment strategies. The Policy allows you to choose from a wide array of investment options - each chosen for its potential to meet specific investment objectives. You may allocate all or a part of your premiums among the Separate Account variable investment options or the Fixed Account fixed interest rate option. Allocations must be in whole percentages and total 100%. The variable investment options, which invest in underlying portfolios, are listed and described this section of the prospectus. SEPARATE ACCOUNT VARIABLE INVESTMENT OPTIONS The Separate Account provides you with variable investment options in the form of underlying portfolio investments. Each underlying portfolio is an open-end investment management company. When you allocate investments to an underlying portfolio, those investments are placed in a Subaccount of the Separate Account corresponding to that portfolio, and the Subaccount in turn invests in the portfolio. The Policy value of your Policy depends directly on the investment performance of the portfolios that you select. The Separate Account is registered with the SEC as a unit investment trust. The value of your Policy will increase or decrease based on the investment performance of the variable investment options you choose. The investment results of each variable investment option are likely to differ significantly, and vary over time. They do not earn a fixed interest rate. Please consider carefully, and on a continuing basis, which investment options best suit your long-term investment objectives and risk tolerance. The underlying portfolios in the Separate Account are NOT publicly traded mutual funds, and are NOT the same as other publicly traded mutual funds with very similar names. They are only available as separate account investment options in life insurance or variable annuity policies issued by insurance companies, or through participation in certain qualified pension or retirement plans. Even if the investment options and policies of some underlying portfolios available under the Policy may be very similar to the investment objectives and policies of publicly traded mutual funds that may be managed by the same investment adviser, the investment performance and results of the portfolios available under the Policy may vary significantly from the investment results of such other publicly traded mutual funds. You should read the prospectuses for the underlying portfolios together with this prospectus for more information. However, the SEC does not supervise the management or the investment practices or policies of the Separate Account or Ameritas Life of NY. The Separate Account was established as a separate investment account of First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York under New York law on March 21, Effective October 1, 2011 First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York changed its name to Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. The name of the Separate Account was changed from "First Ameritas Variable Annuity Separate Account" to "Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA" by action of the Board of Directors of Ameritas Life of NY on March 1, Under New York law, we own the Separate Account assets, but they are held separately from our other assets and are not charged with any liability or credited with any gain of business unrelated to the Separate Account. Any and all distributions made by the underlying portfolios, with respect to the shares held by the Separate Account, will be reinvested in additional shares at net asset value. We are responsible to you for meeting the obligations of the Policy, but we do not guarantee the investment performance of any of the variable investment options' underlying portfolios. We do not make any representations about their future performance. You bear the risk that the variable investment options you select may fail to meet their objectives, that they could go down in value, and that you could lose principal. Each Subaccount's underlying portfolio operates as a separate variable investment option, and the income or loss of one generally has no effect on the investment performance of any other. Complete descriptions of each portfolio's investment objectives and restrictions and other material information related to an investment in the variable investment option are contained in the prospectuses for each of the underlying portfolios which accompany this prospectus17 This information is just a summary for each underlying portfolio. You should read the prospectus for an underlying portfolio for more information about that portfolio, including detailed information about the portfolio s fees and expenses, investment strategy and investment objectives, restrictions, and potential risks. To get a copy of any portfolio prospectus, contact your representative or us as shown on the Table of Contents page or the last page of this prospectus. The Subaccount underlying portfolios listed below are designed primarily as investments for variable annuity and variable life insurance policies issued by insurance companies. They are not publicly traded mutual funds available for direct purchase by you. There is no assurance the investment objectives will be met. FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Variable Products, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP S&P MidCap 400 Index Portfolio, Class I Summit Index: S&P MidCap 400 Index. Investment Advisors, Inc. Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio No Subadviser Money market: current income. Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio Equity Portion: New Income and capital growth. Amsterdam Partners LLC; Fixed Income Portion: No Subadviser Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio Thornburg Investment Management, Inc. Long-term capital appreciation; current income is secondary. Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity Management & Research Company Fidelity VIP Contrafund Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term capital appreciation. Fidelity VIP Equity-Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Index: S&P 500 Index. Fidelity VIP Growth Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Capital Appreciation. Fidelity VIP High Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Income and growth. Fidelity VIP Investment Grade Bond Portfolio, Service Class 2 2,3 Bond. Fidelity VIP Overseas Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term growth. Subadvisers: (1) FMR Co., Inc.; (2) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.; and (3) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Third Avenue Variable Series Trust Third Avenue Management LLC Third Avenue Value Portfolio Long-term capital appreciation. * These funds are part of, and their investment adviser and Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. are indirect subsidiaries of the UNIFI Mutual Holding Company (UNIFI ), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. Also, Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., an indirect subsidiary of UNIFI, is the underwriter for these funds. Appendix A: Accumulation Unit Values provides current and historical fund and portfolio names. Adding, Deleting, or Substituting Variable Investment Options We do not control the Subaccounts' underlying portfolios, so we cannot guarantee that any of the portfolios will always be available. We retain the right to change the investments of the Separate Account, and to eliminate the shares of any Subaccount's underlying portfolio and substitute shares of another series fund portfolio, if the shares of an underlying portfolio are no longer available for investment or if, in our judgment, investment in the portfolio would be inappropriate in view of the purposes of the Separate Account. We may add new Separate Account underlying portfolios, or eliminate existing underlying portfolios, when, in our sole discretion, conditions warrant a change. In all of these situations, we will receive any necessary SEC and state approval before making any such change. Our Separate Account may be (i) operated as an investment management company or any other form permitted by law, (ii) deregistered with the SEC if registration is no longer required, or (iii) combined with one or more other separate accounts. To the extent permitted by law, we also may transfer assets of the Separate Account to other accounts. Where permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to remove, combine or add Subaccounts. Subaccounts may be closed to new or subsequent premium payments, transfers or premium allocations. We will receive any necessary SEC and state approval before making any of these changes. We will notify you of any changes to the variable investment options18 Resolving Material Conflicts Underlying Investment Interests In addition to serving as underlying portfolios to the Subaccounts, the portfolios are available to registered separate accounts of other insurance companies offering variable annuity and variable life insurance contracts. We do not currently foresee any disadvantages to you resulting from the fund companies selling portfolio shares to fund other products. However, there is a possibility that a material conflict of interest may arise between Policy Owners and the owners of variable contracts issued by other companies whose values are allocated to one of the portfolios. Shares of some of the portfolios may also be sold to certain qualified pension and retirement plans qualifying under section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result, there is a possibility that a material conflict may arise between the interests of Owners or owners of other contracts (including contracts issued by other companies), and such retirement plans or participants in such retirement plans. In the event of a material conflict, we will take any necessary steps to resolve the matter, including removing that portfolio as an underlying investment option of the Separate Account. The Board of Directors of each fund company will monitor events in order to identify any material conflicts that may arise and determine what action, if any, should be taken in response to those events or conflicts. See the accompanying prospectuses of the portfolios for more information. (Also see the Transfers section, Omnibus Orders.) FIXED ACCOUNT INVESTMENT OPTION There is one fixed interest rate option ("Fixed Account"), where we bear the investment risk. We guarantee that you will earn a minimum interest rate that will yield at least 3% per year, compounded annually. We may declare a higher current interest rate. However, you bear the risk that we will not credit more interest than will yield the minimum guaranteed rate per year for the life of the Policy. We have sole discretion over how assets allocated to the Fixed Account are invested, and we bear the risk that those assets will perform better or worse than the amount of interest we have declared. Net Premiums allocated to and transfers to the Fixed Account under the Policy become part of our general account assets, which support annuity and insurance obligations. Interest in the general account has not been registered with the SEC and is not subject to SEC regulation, nor is the general account registered as an investment company with the SEC. The general account includes all of our assets, except those assets segregated in separate accounts. We have sole discretion to invest the assets of the general account, subject to applicable law. Assets in the Fixed Account are subject to claims by creditors of the company. The focus of this prospectus is to disclose the Separate Account aspects of the Policy. Therefore, SEC staff have not reviewed the Fixed Account disclosures in this prospectus. TRANSFERS The Policy is designed for long-term investment, not for use with professional "market timing" services or use with programmed, large or frequent transfers. Excessive transfers could harm other Policy Owners by having a detrimental effect on investment portfolio management. In addition to the right of the portfolios to impose redemption fees on short-term trading, we reserve the right to reject any specific premium allocation or transfer request, if in the judgment of a Subaccount portfolio fund advisor, a Subaccount portfolio would be unable to invest effectively in accordance with its investment objectives and policies, or if Policy owners would otherwise potentially be adversely affected. Transferring money out of a Subaccount within 60 days of a purchase may be considered market timing. However, any portfolio fund adviser may establish its own standards, and each transaction may be evaluated on its own. Ultimately the portfolio fund adviser has the authority to make this determination. Prior to the Annuity Date, you may transfer Policy value from one Subaccount to another, from the Separate Account to the Fixed Account, or from the Fixed Account to any Subaccount, subject to these rules: Transfer Rules: A transfer is considered any single request to move assets from one or more Subaccounts or the Fixed Account to one or more of the other Subaccounts or the Fixed Account. We must receive notice of the transfer - either by Written Notice, an authorized telephone transaction, or by Internet when available. Transfer requests by facsimile, telephone or Internet must be sent to us by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time for same-day processing. Requests received later are processed on the next trading day. Fax requests must be sent to us at If requests are faxed elsewhere, we will process them as of the day they are received by our trading unit19 The transferred amount must be at least $250, or the entire Subaccount or Fixed Account value if it is less. (If the value remaining after a transfer will be less than $250 in a Subaccount or $100 in the Fixed Account, we will include that amount as part of the transfer.) - If the Dollar Cost Averaging systematic transfer program is used, then the minimum transfer amount out of a Subaccount or the Fixed Account is the lesser of $250 or the balance in the Subaccount or Fixed Account. Under this program, the maximum amount that may be transferred from the Fixed Account each month is 1/36 th of the value of the Fixed Account at the time the Dollar Cost Averaging program is established. While a Dollar Cost Averaging program is in effect, elective transfers out of the Fixed Account are prohibited. - The Portfolio Rebalancing and Earnings Sweep systematic transfer programs have no minimum transfer limits. The first 15 transfers each Policy Year are free. Thereafter, transfers may result in a $10 charge for each transfer. This fee is deducted on a pro-rata basis from balances in all Subaccounts and the Fixed Account; it is not subtracted from the amount of the transfer. Transfers under any systematic transfer program do count toward the 15 free transfer limit. A transfer from the Fixed Account (except made pursuant to a systematic transfer program): - may be made only once each Policy Year; - may be delayed up to six months; - is limited during any Policy Year to the greatest of: - 25% of the Fixed account value on the date of the initial transfer during that year; - the greatest amount of any similar transfer out of the Fixed Account during the previous 13 months; or - $1,000. We reserve the right to limit transfers, or to modify transfer privileges, and we reserve the right to change the transfer rules at any time. If the Policy value in any Subaccount falls below $250, we may transfer the remaining balance, without charge, proportionately to the remaining investment options you selected in your latest allocation instructions. We will notify you when such a transfer occurs. You may, within 60 days of the date of our notice, reallocate the amount transferred, without charge, to another investment option. In the event you authorize telephone or Internet transfers, we are not liable for telephone or Internet instructions that we in good faith believe you authorized. We will employ reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions are genuine. Omnibus Orders Purchase and redemption orders received by the portfolios generally are "omnibus" orders from intermediaries such as retirement plans and separate accounts funding variable insurance products. The omnibus orders reflect the aggregation and netting of multiple orders from individual retirement plan participants and individual owners of variable insurance products. The omnibus nature of these orders may limit the ability of the portfolios to apply their respective disruptive trading policies and procedures. We cannot guarantee that the portfolios will not be harmed by transfer activity relating to the retirement plans or other insurance companies that may invest in the portfolios. These other insurance companies are responsible for their own policies and procedures regarding frequent transfer activity. If their policies and procedures fail to successfully discourage harmful transfer activity, it will affect other owners of portfolio shares, as well as the owners of all variable life insurance or variable annuity contracts, including ours, whose variable investment options correspond to the affected portfolios. In addition, if a portfolio believes that an omnibus order that we submit may reflect one or more transfer requests from Owners engaged in disruptive trading, the portfolio may reject the entire omnibus order and thereby delay or prevent us from implementing your request. Disruptive Trading Procedures The Policy is not designed to serve as a vehicle for frequent trading in response to short-term fluctuations in the market. Such frequent trading, programmed transfers, or transfers that are large in relation to the total assets of a Subaccount's underlying portfolio can disrupt management of a Subaccount's underlying portfolio and raise expenses. This in turn can hurt performance of an affected Subaccount and therefore hurt your Policy's performance. Organizations or individuals that use market timing investment strategies and make frequent or other disruptive transfers should not purchase the Policy. Policy Owners should be aware that we are contractually obligated to provide Policy Owner transaction data relating to trading activities to the underlying funds on Written Request and, on receipt of written instructions from a fund, to restrict or prohibit further purchases or transfers by Policy Owners identified by an underlying fund as having engaged in transactions that violate the trading policies of the fund20 We reserve the right to reject or restrict, in our sole discretion, transfers initiated by a market timing organization or individual or other party authorized to give transfer instructions. We further reserve the right to impose restrictions on transfers that we determine, in our sole discretion, will disadvantage or potentially hurt the rights or interests of other Policy Owners. Restrictions may include changing, suspending or terminating telephone, on-line and facsimile transfer privileges. We will enforce any Subaccount underlying portfolio manager's restrictions imposed upon transfers considered by the manager to be disruptive. Our disruptive trading procedures may vary from Subaccount to Subaccount, and may also vary due to differences in operational systems and contract provisions. Any Subaccount restrictions will be uniformly applied. There is no assurance that the measures we take will be effective in preventing market timing or other excessive transfer activity. Our ability to detect and deter disruptive trading and to consistently apply our disruptive trading procedures may be limited by operational systems and technological limitations. The discretionary nature of our disruptive trading procedures may result in some Policy Owners being able to market time while other Policy Owners bear the harm associated with timing. Also, because other insurance companies and retirement plans may invest in Subaccount underlying portfolios, we cannot guarantee that Subaccount underlying portfolios will not suffer harm from disruptive trading within contracts issued by them. Excessive Transfers We reserve the right to restrict transfers if we determine you are engaging in a pattern of transfers that may disadvantage Policy Owners. In making this determination, we will consider, among other things: the total dollar amount being transferred; the number of transfers you make over a period of time; whether your transfers follow a pattern designed to take advantage of short term market fluctuations, particularly within certain Subaccount underlying portfolios; whether your transfers are part of a group of transfers made by a third party on behalf of individual Policy Owners in the group; and the investment objectives and/or size of the Subaccount underlying portfolio. Third Party Traders We reserve the right to restrict transfers by any firm or any other third party authorized to initiate transfers on behalf of multiple Policy Owners if we determine such third party trader is engaging in a pattern of transfers that may disadvantage Policy Owners. In making this determination, we may, among other things: reject the transfer instructions of any agent acting under a power of attorney on behalf of more than one Policy Owner, or reject the transfer or exchange instructions of individual Policy Owners who have executed transfer forms which are submitted by market timing firms or other third parties on behalf of more than one Policy Owner. We will notify affected Policy Owners before we limit transfers, modify transfer procedures or refuse to complete a transfer. Transfers made pursuant to participation in a dollar cost averaging, portfolio rebalancing, or earnings sweep program are not subject to these disruptive trading procedures. See the section of this prospectus describing those programs for the rules of each program. SYSTEMATIC TRANSFER PROGRAMS We offer several systematic transfer programs. We reserve the right to alter or terminate these programs upon thirty days written notice. Dollar Cost Averaging The Dollar Cost Averaging program allows you to automatically transfer, on a periodic basis, a set dollar amount or percentage from the Money Market Subaccount or the Fixed Account to any other Subaccount(s) or the Fixed Account. Requested percentages are converted to a dollar amount. You can begin Dollar Cost Averaging when you purchase the Policy or later. You can increase or decrease the amount or percentage of transfers or discontinue the program at any time. Dollar Cost Averaging programs are intended to limit loss and result in the purchase of more Accumulation Units when a portfolio's value is low, and fewer units when its value is high. However, there is no guarantee that such a program will result in a higher Policy value, protect against a loss, or otherwise achieve your investment goals  View more














Similar documents





Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore!    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore!    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Executive Select, Regent 2000, and Allocator    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Executive Select, Regent 2000, and Allocator    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account V ("Separate Account")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account V ("Separate Account") Supplement to: Overture Viva! Prospectus Dated May 1, 2007 and Statement of Additional Information    

        More information 




Variable Deferred Annuity



        May 1, 2015 State Farm Life Insurance Company P R O S P E C T U S Variable Deferred Annuity profile Profile Dated May 1, 2015 STATE FARM VARIABLE DEFERRED ANNUITY POLICY STATE FARM LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    

        More information 




CENTURY II VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE PROSPECTUS INDIVIDUAL FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT



        CENTURY II VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE PROSPECTUS INDIVIDUAL FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT KANSAS CITY LIFE VARIABLE LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT OF KANSAS CITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Street Address:    

        More information 




Excel Performance Variable Universal Life Prospectus May 1, 2016



        Excel Performance Variable Universal Life Prospectus May 1, 2016 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. LI 1253 5-16 PROSPECTUS: May 1, 2016 Excel Performance VUL Individual Flexible Premium Variable Universal    

        More information 




KANSAS CITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. Kansas City Life Variable Life Separate Account



        KANSAS CITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Kansas City Life Variable Life Separate Account Supplement dated May 1, 2015 to the Prospectus dated May 1, 2015 for the Century II Variable Universal Life Insurance    

        More information 




The rates below apply for applications signed between December 15, 2015 and January 14, 2016. Income Growth Rate: 6.00% Income Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL DEFINED INCOME ( PDI ) VARIABLE ANNUITY PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY PRUCO LIFE of NEW JERSEY    

        More information 




AFAdvantage Variable Annuity



        AFAdvantage Variable Annuity from May 1, 2013 AFAdvantage Variable Annuity issued by American Fidelity Separate Account B and American Fidelity Assurance Company PROSPECTUS May 1, 2013 American Fidelity    

        More information 




No-Load Variable Annuity



        May 1, 2008 P ROSPECTUS T. ROWE PRICE No-Load Variable Annuity ISSUED BY SECURITY BENEFIT LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  VARIABLE ANNUITY PROSPECTUS T. Rowe Price No-Load Variable Annuity An Individual Flexible    

        More information 




Guaranteed Income for Life (GIFL) Rollover Variable Annuity IRA



        GIFL_Prospectus Cvr_Prdt 0414:Layout 1 4/29/14 10:36 AM Page 2 Guaranteed Income for Life (GIFL) Rollover Variable Annuity IRA PROSPECTUS Exclusively available for 401(k) plan participants with the John    

        More information 




Allstate ChoiceRate Annuity



        Allstate ChoiceRate Annuity Allstate Life Insurance Company P.O. Box 80469 Lincoln, NE 68501-0469 Telephone Number: 1-800-203-0068 Fax Number: 1-866-628-1006 Prospectus dated May 1, 2008 Allstate Life    

        More information 




Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy



        May 1, 2015 State Farm Life Insurance Company P R O S P E C T U S Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy prospectus PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 1, 2015 INDIVIDUAL FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE INSURANCE    

        More information 




TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE GENERAL INFORMATION B-3 CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES B-3 PUBLISHED RATINGS B-7 ADMINISTRATION B-7



        STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INDIVIDUAL VARIABLE ANNUITY ISSUED BY JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE: P.O. BOX 36840,    

        More information 




hij abc MultiOption Annuities Prospectus May 1, 2015



        Prospectus May 1, 2015 Prospectus for MultiOption Annuities (Flexible, Single) May 1, 2015 Securian MultiOption Annuities Combination fixed and variable annuity contracts for personal retirement plans.    

        More information 




American Legacy Fusion variable annuity



        American Legacy Fusion variable annuity May 1, 2015 Product Prospectus This document and many others can be read online by signing up for edelivery! Make a positive environmental impact by signing up today!    

        More information 




Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Prospectus May 2015



        Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Prospectus May 2015 Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Prospectus VAE0515 Annuities issued in all states except New York by Transamerica Premier Life Insurance Company, Cedar    

        More information 




Hy7hn MONUMENT ADVISOR JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G. May 1, 2015 PROSPECTUS



        Hy7hn MONUMENT ADVISOR JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G May 1, 2015 PROSPECTUS Monument Advisor Individual Variable Annuity Issued by: JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G AND JEFFERSON NATIONAL    

        More information 




The Hartford Saver Solution SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT



        The Hartford Saver Solution SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  THE HARTFORD SAVER SOLUTION SM FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT This Disclosure Statement provides important information    

        More information 




The Hartford Saver Solution Choice SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT



        The Hartford Saver Solution Choice SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  THE HARTFORD SAVER SOLUTION CHOICE SM FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT This Disclosure Statement provides important    

        More information 




ATHENE ANNUITY AND LIFE COMPANY ALAC Separate Account 1. Visionary Variable Annuity Visionary Choice Variable Annuity



        ATHENE ANNUITY AND LIFE COMPANY ALAC Separate Account 1 Supplement Dated April 22, 2016 to the Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information Dated October 1, 2008 for Visionary Variable Annuity Visionary    

        More information 




SUPPLEMENT TO CALVERT VP NATURAL RESOURCES PORTFOLIO. Calvert Variable Products Portfolios Prospectus (Calvert VP Index Portfolios) dated May 1, 2016



        SUPPLEMENT TO CALVERT VP NATURAL RESOURCES PORTFOLIO Calvert Variable Products Portfolios Prospectus (Calvert VP Index Portfolios) dated May 1, 2016 Calvert VP Natural Resources Portfolio Summary Prospectus    

        More information 




"This notice is not part of the accompanying prospectus"



        We no longer offer certain of our variable annuity products and are not required to update the annuity prospectuses for such products. We maintain on this site, for your reference, the most recent annuity    

        More information 




Voya SmartDesign Multi-Rate Index Annuity



        Voya Insurance and Annuity Company Deferred Modified Guaranteed Annuity Prospectus Voya SmartDesign Multi-Rate Index Annuity May 1, 2015 This prospectus describes Voya SmartDesign Multi-Rate Index Annuity,    

        More information 




MML Series Investment Fund II MML Blend Fund MML Equity Fund MML Managed Bond Fund MML Money Market Fund



        Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Massachusetts Mutual Variable Annuity Separate Account 1 (For Tax-Qualified Arrangements) Massachusetts Mutual Variable Annuity Separate Account 2 (For Non-Tax    

        More information 




Lincoln ChoicePlus SM Design variable annuity



        FOR INCOME Prospectus Lincoln ChoicePlus SM Design variable annuity May 1, 2012 This document and many others can be read online by signing up for edelivery! Make a positive environmental impact by signing    

        More information 




Variable Annuity. Transamerica Retirement Income Plus SM. Prospectus May 2015



        Transamerica Retirement Income Plus SM Prospectus May 2015 Variable Annuity edelivery from Transamerica Less paper conserves natural resources No waiting for the mail Receive documents electronically Store    

        More information 




19801NY 12/01/12 Exp. 01/15/13 '2012 Genworth Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. Page 1 of 13



        as of November 30, 2012 For contracts issued on or after May 1, 2003 RetireReady SM Choice NY 19801NY 12/01/12 Exp. 01/15/13 '2012 Genworth Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. Page 1 of 13 IMPORTANT INFORMATION    

        More information 




FLEXIBLE PAYMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY



        THE NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY May 1, 2016 GO PAPERLESS! See back cover for details. FLEXIBLE PAYMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY Account B Individual flexible payment variable annuity contracts for:    

        More information 




RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



        RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY and its SELECT*LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT RELIASTAR SELECT VARIABLE ACCOUNT Supplement Dated June 14, 2010 This supplement updates and amends certain information contained in    

        More information 




MEMBERS Variable Annuity Series



        MEMBERS Variable Annuity Series Prospectus May 2015 edelivery from Transamerica Less paper conserves natural resources No waiting for the mail Receive documents electronically Store documents securely    

        More information 




Transamerica Variable Annuity Series Prospectus May 2015



        Transamerica Variable Annuity Series Prospectus May 2015 edelivery from Transamerica Less paper conserves natural resources No waiting for the mail Receive documents electronically Store documents securely    

        More information 




Variable Annuity Prospectus



        Allianz Index Advantage New York Variable Annuity Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York www.allianzlife.com/newyork/ Allianz Index Advantage New York Variable Annuity Prospectus Individual flexible-payment    

        More information 




RetireReady SM Selections NY a variable annuity issued by Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York



        as of November 30, 2012 RetireReady SM Selections NY 19807NY 12/01/12 Exp. 01/15/13 '2012 Genworth Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. Page 1 of 14 IMPORTANT INFORMATION The following information is designed    

        More information 




Voya Insurance and Annuity Company and its Separate Account B. Voya Focus Variable Annuity



        Voya Insurance and Annuity Company and its Separate Account B Voya Focus Variable Annuity Supplement dated June 9, 2015 to the Contract Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information, each dated April    

        More information 




Valued Client Owner Age: 60 State of Issue: Michigan. Death Benefit: Maximum Daily Value II



        ForeRetirement TM III B-Share Prepared for: Valued Client Owner Age: 60 State of Issue: Michigan Prepared on: April 30, 2015 Prepared by: Guest User Firm Name: Guest Input Summary: Initial Investment:    

        More information 




Sentinel Benefit Provider A Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy Intended Primarily for the Corporate Market P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2009



        Sentinel Benefit Provider A Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy Intended Primarily for the Corporate Market P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2009 National Life Insurance Company Home Office: National    

        More information 




ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT C ING EXPRESS VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT PROSPECTUS MAY 1, 2009



        ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT C ING EXPRESS VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT PROSPECTUS MAY 1, 2009 The Contracts. The contracts described in this prospectus are flexible premium,    

        More information 




Structured Capital Strategies SM Variable Annuity prospectus



        Structured Capital Strategies SM Variable Annuity prospectus September 27, 2010 Variable Annuities: Are Not a Deposit of Any Bank Are Not FDIC Insured Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency Are    

        More information 




"This notice is not part of the accompanying prospectus"



        We no longer offer certain of our variable annuity products and are not required to update the annuity prospectuses for such products. We maintain on this site, for your reference, the most recent annuity    

        More information 




Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide



        Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide Advisor s Edge Product Guide Annuities issued by: Monumental Life Insurance Company Cedar Rapids, IA Underwritten and distributed by Transamerica Capital,    

        More information 




JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT H JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT I



        JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT H JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT I Rule 497 (e) 333-90737, 333-53836 SUPPLEMENT DATED DECEMBER 16, 2008 TO PROSPECTUS    

        More information 




Action: Notice of application for an order approving the substitution of certain securities



        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Investment Company Act Release No. 30564; File No. 812-14109 American Family Life Insurance Company, et al. June 20, 2013 Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission (    

        More information 




BUYING A VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT THROUGH CETERA FINANCIAL SPECIALISTS LLC



        Cetera Financial Specialists LLC 200 N. Martingale Road Schaumburg, IL 60173-2096 BUYING A VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT THROUGH CETERA FINANCIAL SPECIALISTS LLC General Considerations Before you buy any insurance    

        More information 




Guide to buying annuities



        Guide to buying annuities Summary of the key points contained in this disclosure document Before you purchase your annuity contract, make sure that you read and understand this guide. While reading this    

        More information 




NEA Valuebuilder Select SM Prospectus dated May 1, 2013



        NEA Valuebuilder Select SM Prospectus dated May 1, 2013 A Modified Single Premium Deferred Variable Annuity Contract Issued by Nationwide Life Insurance Company Through its Nationwide Variable Account    

        More information 




Allianz MasterDex 10 Plus Annuity



        Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America Allianz MasterDex 10 SM Plus Annuity Start building today the life you want tomorrow CB51288-03 Page 1 of 16 Discover the MasterDex 10 Plus SM Annuity from    

        More information 




Principal Investment Plus Variable Annuity SM. Prospectus (FOR APPLICATIONS SIGNED ON OR AFTER AUGUST 1, 2013) Prospectus.



        Principal Investment Plus Variable Annuity SM Prospectus Prospectus (FOR APPLICATIONS SIGNED ON OR AFTER AUGUST 1, 2013) May 1, 2013 2012 November August 1, 2, 2013 2015 Sign up for edelivery! principal.com,    

        More information 




Discretionary Investment Management Agreement. Premier SEP IRA. Ameritas Investment Corp. 5900 "O" Street Lincoln, NE 68510-2234



        Discretionary Investment Management Agreement Premier SEP IRA Ameritas Investment Corp. 5900 "O" Street Lincoln, NE 68510-2234 DISCRETIONARY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT Ameritas Investment Corp. By    

        More information 




Columbia Funds Series Trust Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund II Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund III. Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund



        Columbia Funds Series Trust Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund II Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund III Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund V Columbia International Value Fund Columbia International Opportunities    

        More information 




Guide to buying annuities



        Guide to buying annuities Summary of the key points contained in this disclosure document Before you purchase your annuity contract, make sure that you read and understand this guide. While reading this    

        More information 




The Basics of Annuities: Income Beyond the Paycheck



        The Basics of Annuities: PLANNING FOR INCOME NEEDS TABLE OF CONTENTS Income Beyond the Paycheck...1 The Facts of Retirement...2 What Is an Annuity?...2 What Type of Annuity Is Right for Me?...2 Payment    

        More information 




Allianz Vision SM Prospectus



        Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York www.allianzlife.com/newyork/ Allianz Vision New York Variable Annuity Allianz Vision SM Prospectus New York Variable Annuity Individual flexible-payment deferred    

        More information 




The Basics of Annuities: Planning for Income Needs



        March 2013 The Basics of Annuities: Planning for Income Needs summary the facts of retirement Earning income once your paychecks stop that is, after your retirement requires preparing for what s to come    

        More information 




The Best of America America s VISION Annuity



        The Best of America America s VISION Annuity Prospectus dated May 1, 2016 A Deferred Variable Annuity Contract Issued by Nationwide Life Insurance Company Through its Nationwide Variable Account II Make    

        More information 




Roll-up Rate: 5% Withdrawal Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITIES PRUDENTIAL PREMIER ADVISOR VARIABLE ANNUITIES (Offering Highest Daily Lifetime Income v3.0) PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE    

        More information 




SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 19, 2015 FIRST INVESTORS INCOME AND EQUITY FUNDS PROSPECTUS DATED JANUARY 31, 2015



        SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 19, 2015 FIRST INVESTORS INCOME AND EQUITY FUNDS PROSPECTUS DATED JANUARY 31, 2015 FIRST INVESTORS LIFE SERIES FUNDS PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 1, 2015 1. In The Funds Summary Section for    

        More information 




Roll-up Rate: 5% Withdrawal Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITIES PRUDENTIAL PREMIER ADVISOR VARIABLE ANNUITIES (Offering Highest Daily Lifetime Income v3.0) PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE    

        More information 




Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide Effective July 1, 2015



        Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide Effective July 1, 2015 Advisor s Edge Product Guide Annuities issued by Transamerica Premier Life Insurance Company Cedar Rapids, IA. Annuities are underwritten    

        More information 




Sentinel Advantage Variable Annuity P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2011



        Sentinel Advantage Variable Annuity P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2011 National Life Insurance Company Home Office: National Life Drive, Montpelier, Vermont 05604 1-800-732-8939 The Contracts described    

        More information 




See Privacy Notice on Next Page.



        May 1, 2005 Farmers Variable Annuity I Prospectus. Includes prospectuses for: Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust Janus Aspen Series PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust Scudder Variable Series    

        More information 




Delaware VIP International Value Equity Series Goldman Sachs Capital Growth Fund Goldman Sachs Core Fixed Income Fund



        ALLMERICA FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY Worcester, Massachusetts This Prospectus provides important information about the Allmerica Advantage variable annuity contracts issued by Allmerica    

        More information 




Supplement Dated December 17, 2015 to your Prospectus Dated May 1, 2015



        Supplement Dated December 17, 2015 to your Prospectus Dated May 1, 2015 Name Change effective April 29, 2016: In Appendix I, the Invesco V.I. Money Market Fund is renamed Invesco V.I. Government Money    

        More information 




MINNESOTA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



        MINNESOTA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Minnesota Life Individual Variable Universal Life Account Supplement Dated August 22, 2015 to the Prospectus for Accumulator Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy (dated    

        More information 




ANNUITIES: WHAT ARE THEY AND HOW ARE THEY USED



        ANNUITIES: WHAT ARE THEY AND HOW ARE THEY USED (FORC Journal: Vol. 18 Edition 1 - Spring 2007) 1 An annuity is a contract under which the owner of the contract pays money or transfers assets to the obligor    

        More information 




Pacific Portfolios variable annuity for Chase



        Receive This Document Electronically (See Inside) This brochure contains: Prospectus dated May 1, 2015 for Pacific Portfolios variable annuity for Chase and the Privacy Notice (Inside back cover) Pacific    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. TCW High Yield Bond Fund FEBRUARY 29 I SHARE: TGHYX N SHARE: TGHNX



        TCW High Yield Bond Fund I SHARE: TGHYX N SHARE: TGHNX 20 6 FEBRUARY 29 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus which contain more information about the Fund    

        More information 




RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



        RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY and its SELECT*LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT RELIASTAR SELECT VARIABLE ACCOUNT Supplement Dated June 14, 2010 This supplement updates and amends certain information contained in    

        More information 




Guardian Investor II SM Variable Annuity Fact Card



        THE GUARDIAN INSURANCE & ANNUITY COMPANY, INC. (GIAC) Guardian Investor II SM Variable Annuity Fact Card A Variable Annuity is a long-term financial product for retirement purposes that allows you to accumulate    

        More information 




Pruco Life Insurance Company Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey



        Pruco Life Insurance Company Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY X SERIES SM ( X SERIES ) PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY B SERIES SM    

        More information 




SUMMARY REVIEW COLORADO COUNTY OFFICIALS AND EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION 457 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR THE



        SUMMARY REVIEW FOR THE COLORADO COUNTY OFFICIALS AND EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION 457 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION... i HIGHLIGHTS... 2 PARTICIPATION... 2 Eligibility to    

        More information 




Investment Advisory Agreement. Advantage Portfolio Management Program



        Investment Advisory Agreement Advantage Portfolio Management Program Dear Sirs/Madams: This Investment Advisory Agreement confirms our agreement as to the following: CLIENT NAME(s): ( Client ) ACCOUNT    

        More information 




Pinnacle MYGA SM. A Multi-Year Guaranteed Annuity



        Pinnacle MYGA SM A Multi-Year Guaranteed Annuity Delaware Life SM A Leading Provider of Annuities and Life Insurance At Delaware Life  M we are committed to providing compelling products paired with exceptional    

        More information 




Ameriprise Certificates



        PROSPECTUS Ameriprise Certificates Prospectus April 29, 2015 Cash strategies to manage your financial future Ameriprise Cash Reserve Certificate Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificate Ameriprise Step-Up    

        More information 




Flexible Premium Deferred Variable Annuity. Go paperless. Prospectuses April 30, 2016 Thrivent Variable Annuity Account A Thrivent Series Fund, Inc.



        Flexible Premium Deferred Variable Annuity Issued by Aid Association for Lutherans between 6/15/1995 and 4/30/2003. Prospectuses April 30, 2016 Thrivent Variable Annuity Account A Thrivent Series Fund,    

        More information 




BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund. Shareholders should retain this Supplement for future reference.



        BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund Supplement dated April 22, 2016 to the Prospectus, Summary Prospectuses and Statement of Additional Information of the Funds, dated January 4, 2016    

        More information 




Important Information about your Annuity



        Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Important Information about your Annuity Annuities are long-term investments that may help you meet or supplement your retirement and other long-term goals. Annuities    

        More information 




Strategic Group Variable Universal Life



        Strategic Group Variable Universal Life Issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Massachusetts Mutual Variable Life Separate Account I This prospectus describes a variable rider issued in    

        More information 




Your rights will expire on October 30, 2015 unless extended.



        DIVIDEND AND INCOME FUND 11 Hanover Square New York, NY 10005 September 28, 2015 Re: Rights Offering. Prompt action is requested. Dear Fellow Shareholder: Your rights will expire on October 30, 2015 unless    

        More information 




Understanding mutual fund share classes, fees and certain risk considerations



        Disclosure Understanding mutual fund share classes, fees and certain risk considerations Highlights Mutual funds may offer different share classes most commonly in retail brokerage accounts, Class A, B    

        More information 




A Powerful Combination for Retirement



        Power Select Plus Income Index Annuity A Powerful Combination for Retirement Principal Protection. Growth Potential. Lifetime Income. Plus, the Opportunity to Guarantee Rising Income for Up to 10 Contract    

        More information 




Statement of Additional Information. May 1, 2013. New York Life Legacy Creator Single Premium Variable Universal Life Insurance



        Statement of Additional Information dated May 1, 2013 for New York Life Legacy Creator Single Premium Variable Universal Life Insurance from NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION ( NYLIAC ) This    

        More information 




Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company



        UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event    

        More information 




Income Plus Variable Annuity



        Just the facts about New York Life... Income Plus Variable Annuity What is the New York Life Income Plus Variable Annuity? 1 Why should I consider Income Plus with the Guaranteed Future Income Benefit    

        More information 




Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America www.allianzlife.com. A flexible-payment deferred variable annuity: Allianz Life Variable Account B



        Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America www.allianzlife.com Allianz Vision Variable Annuity Allianz Vision SM Prospectus Variable Annuity A flexible-payment deferred variable annuity: Allianz Life    

        More information 




Understanding Indexed Universal Life Insurance



        Understanding Indexed Universal Life Insurance Consumer Guide  Table of Contents Overview [ 2 ] Indexed Universal Life Insurance [ 2 ] What is Indexed Universal Life Insurance? [ 2 ] How North American    

        More information 




Investment Horizon Annuity TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company. PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT NUMBER 1 dated August 16, 2011 to the



        Investment Horizon Annuity TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT NUMBER 1 dated August 16, 2011 to the Investment Horizon Annuity Prospectus dated May 1, 2011 This supplement amends certain    

        More information 




Variable Annuity and Variable Universal Life Contract Notice:



        IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ADVISORS! Variable Annuity and Variable Universal Life Contract Notice: Please be advised that prior to submitting a Variable Annuity or Variable Universal Life Contract for management    

        More information 




Allianz Index Advantage Variable Annuity Prospectus



        Allianz Index Advantage Variable Annuity Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America www.allianzlife.com Allianz Index Advantage Variable Annuity Prospectus A flexible-payment deferred variable and    

        More information 




PHOENIX EXECUTIVE VUL. Variable Universal Life



        PHOENIX EXECUTIVE VUL Variable Universal Life PHLVIC VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE ACCOUNT December 1, 2008 PROSPECTUS PHLVIC Variable Universal Life Account Phoenix Benefit Choice VUL Phoenix Joint Edge VUL    

        More information 




Variable annuities. A tax-advantaged way to save for retirement



        Variable annuities A tax-advantaged way to save for retirement Common terms Annuitant The person (may be the same as the contract owner) whose life expectancy is used to calculate the income payment amount    

        More information 




Understanding Annuities



        Annuities, 06 5/4/05 12:43 PM Page 1 Important Information about Variable Annuities Variable annuities are offered by prospectus, which you can obtain from your financial professional or the insurance    

        More information 




ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY and its Variable Annuity Account C. State University of New York Defined Contribution Retirement Plans



        ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY and its Variable Annuity Account C State University of New York Defined Contribution Retirement Plans Supplement dated October 3, 2007 to your current Contract Prospectus    

        More information 




Index Growth Annuity 5 And 7



        Index Growth Annuity 5 And 7 The Broker s Sales Guide To An Individual Fixed Annuity From The Standard With an Index Growth Annuity you ll find a rewarding combination of safety, tax deferral and choice.    

        More information 




Roll-up Rate: 5% Withdrawal Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY (Offering Highest Daily Lifetime Income v3.0) PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    

        More information 




Portfolio Director Fixed and Variable Annuity



        Portfolio Director Fixed and Variable Annuity Prospectus, May 1, 2015 SAVING : INVESTING : PLANNING Enroll in PersonalDeliver- Start today and Go Paperless. Together we can make a difference. Visit VALIC.com    

        More information 




There s a New York Life Variable Annuity for Everyone



        Annuities There s a Variable Annuity for Everyone Product Comparison Premier Plus Variable Annuity Premier Variable Annuity Complete Access Variable Annuity Flexible Premium Variable Annuity II The Company    

        More information 




Series. Eagle Select. Fixed Indexed Annuity (ICC13 E-IDXA)* Issued by:



        Fixed Indexed Annuity Eagle Select Series (ICC13 E-IDXA)* Issued by: * Form number and availability may vary by state. Annuity contracts are products of the insurance industry and are not guaranteed by    

        More information 


















                2017  DocPlayer.net Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Feedback



















      Federal Register
       :: 
      Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., et al; Notice of Application
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Promise Neighborhoods Program


                by the Education Department
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Dave Garvin






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          256
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          490
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          657
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      22
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      5
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Protection of the Stratospheric Ozone


                by the Environmental Protection Agency
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Crimollo






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          911
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1514
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          308
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          932
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      26
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      21
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Defense Trade Advisory Group


                by the State Department
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                DonkeyHotey






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          252
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          828
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      17
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      1
                    

                      Document
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Renewable Fuel Standard Program


                by the Environmental Protection Agency
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Kelly Hays






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          166
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1342
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          343
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          349
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      27
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      32
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Walnuts Grown in California


                by the Agricultural Marketing Service
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Dave Morris






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          47
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          32
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          91
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      33
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      29
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Medicare Program


                by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                DonkeyHotey






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          192
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          884
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      23
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      19
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

22


16



Commerce Department

51


14



Defense Department

17


4



Education Department

15


4



Energy Department

47


5



Environmental Protection Agency

41


43



Health and Human Services Department

61


29



Homeland Security Department

51


9



Interior Department

27


13



Justice Department

15


6



Labor Department

5


11



State Department

6


5



Transportation Department

81


47



Treasury Department

10


11



Veterans Affairs Department

5


9








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Air pollution control

17


15



Air transportation

22


13



Airspace

12


5



Aviation safety

25


18



Environmental protection

19


16



Intergovernmental relations

15


12



Navigation (air)

12


5



Ozone

13


5



Particulate matter

11


10



Volatile organic compounds

13


6












            Current Issue

              
                132 Pages
              




83 documents
    from 31 agencies

  



77 Notices


1 Proposed Rule


5 Rules









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


 PrevJuneNext SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


 PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 01:00 PM, on Friday, July 21, 2017
        


            2 documents
            from 1 agency
          


                2 Notices
              








Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 21, 2017
        


            83 documents
            from 31 agencies
          


                77 Notices
              

                1 Proposed Rule
              

                5 Rules
              













Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


 PrevJuneNext SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


 PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761


EO 13803:
Reviving the National Space Council


EO 13802:
Amending Executive Order 13597




                  2017:
                  40







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., et al; Notice of Application


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 10/31/2013











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

10/31/2013

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          78 FR 65393
        
Page:

          65393-65396
          (4 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Release No. 30764
File No. 812-14189
Document Number:
2013-25831

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY:
ACTION:
Applicants:
Summary of Application:
DATES:
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' Representations
Legal Analysis and Conditions
Conclusion

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2013-25831
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2013-25831






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Public Inspection



              This PDF is
              the current document as it appeared on Public Inspection on
              10/30/2013 at 08:45 am.
            

              If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you
    should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official
    edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the
    Federal Register provide legal notice to the public and judicial notice
    to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507.
    Learn more here.
            

Public Inspection 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        October 25, 2013.
        
          AGENCY:
The Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission).
ACTION:
Notice of application for an order approving the substitution of certain securities pursuant to Section 26(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act).
Applicants:
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York, The Union Central Life Insurance Company (each, a Life Insurance Company and, collectively, the Life Insurance Companies), and their respective separate accounts: Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA-2, Ameritas Variable Separate Account V, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL (the Ameritas Life Accounts); Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL (the Ameritas Life of NY Accounts); and the Carillon Life Account (each an Account and together with the Life Insurance Companies, the Applicants).
Summary of Application:
The Applicants seek an order under Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act approving the substitution of shares of the VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial Class (the Replacement Portfolio) of the Variable Insurance Products Fund V (VIPFV) for shares of the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio (the Current Portfolio) of the Calvert Variable Series, Inc. (CVSI) held by the Accounts to support certain variable annuity contracts or variable life insurance contracts (collectively, the Contracts) issued by the Life Insurance Companies (the Substitution).
DATES:

Filing Date: The application was filed on July 31, 2013, and an amended and restated application was filed on October 25, 2013.
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
An order granting the application will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Commission's Secretary and serving Applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on November 14, 2013, and should be accompanied by proof of service on the Applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Hearing requests should state the nature of the requester's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons may request notification of a hearing by writing to the Secretary of the Commission.
ADDRESSES:
Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090. Applicants: Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA-2, Ameritas Variable Separate Account V, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA, and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL, 5900 O Street, Lincoln, Nebraska 68510; Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL, 1350 Broadway, Suite 2201, New York, New York 10018; and The Union Central Life Insurance Company and Carillon Life Account, 5900 O Street, Lincoln, Nebraska 68510.
Start Further Info
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Michelle Roberts, Senior Counsel, or Joyce M. Pickholz, Branch Chief, Insured Investments Office, Division of Investment Management at (202) 551-6795.
End Further Info
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The following is a summary of the application. The complete application may be obtained via the Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or an applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/search/search.htm or by calling (202) 551-8090.Start Printed Page 65394

Applicants' Representations
1. The Life Insurance Companies, on their own behalf and on behalf of their respective separate accounts, propose to substitute shares of the Replacement Portfolio for shares of the Current Portfolio held by the Accounts to fund the Contracts.
2. Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. is the depositor and sponsor of the Ameritas Life Accounts. Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York is the depositor and sponsor of the Ameritas Life of NY Accounts. The Union Central Life Insurance Company is the depositor and sponsor of the Carillon Life Account.
3. Each Account is a separate account as defined by Rule 0-1(e) under the 1940 Act, and is registered with the Commission as a unit investment trust. Security interests under the Contracts have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act). The application sets forth the registration statement file numbers for the Contracts and the Separate Accounts.
4. Each Account is divided into subaccounts, each of which invests exclusively in shares of a corresponding investment portfolio (a Portfolio) of a series-type management investment company, including CVSI.
5. Pursuant to the Contracts, the Life Insurance Companies reserve the right to substitute shares of one Portfolio for shares of another. The prospectuses for the Contracts also disclose that the Life Insurance Companies reserve this right.
6. CVSI is an open-end management investment company (File No. 811-03591) that currently consists of six investment portfolios, including the Current Portfolio, and issues a separate series of shares in connection with each. CVSI has registered such shares under the 1933 Act (File No. 002-80154).
7. Calvert Investment Management, Inc. (CIM) serves as the investment adviser to each CVSI Portfolio. CIM is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AMHC.
8. The VIPFV is an open-end management investment company (File No. 811-05361) that currently consists of 32 investment portfolios, one of which, the Replacement Portfolio, is the subject of the proposed Substitution. VIPFV issues a separate series of shares in connection with each Portfolio and has registered such shares under the 1933 Act (File No. 033-17704).
9. Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) serves as the manager of each Portfolio of VIPFV. FMR receives an investment management fee from each Portfolio. Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (FIMM) and other affiliates of FMR serve as sub-advisers for the Replacement Portfolio. FIMM has the day-to-day responsibility of choosing investments for the Replacement Portfolio. In addition, other affiliates of FMR serve as sub-advisers for the Replacement Portfolio and may provide investment research and advice for the Replacement Portfolio. None of VIPFV, FMR, FIMM, or other affiliates of FMR are affiliated persons (or affiliated persons of affiliated person) of any of the Applicants. Likewise, none of the Applicants are affiliated persons (or affiliated persons of affiliated persons) of VIPFV, FMR, FIMM or other affiliates of FMR.
10. The Applicants state that Replacement Portfolio's and Current Portfolio's respective investment objectives, strategies and risks are substantially the same. A comparison of the investment objectives, strategies and risks of the Replacement Portfolio and the Current Portfolio is included in the application.
11. The following table compares the fees and expenses of the Current Portfolio and the Replacement Portfolio as of the year ended December 31, 2012:
Current portfolioReplacement portfolioCalvert Variable Series, Inc., Calvert VP Money Market PortfolioVariable Insurance Products Fund V, VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial ClassManagement Fee0.25%0.17%.Distribution and Service (12b-1) FeeNoneNone.Other Expenses0.14%0.09%.Total Operating Expenses0.39%0.26%.Fee Waivers and Expense ReimbursementsNone1None.Net Operating Expenses0.39%20.26%.1The Investment Advisor, CIM, has contractually agreed to limit direct net annual portfolio operating expenses through April 30, 2014 to 0.40%. Under the terms of the contractual expense limitation, operating expenses do not include interest expense, brokerage commissions, taxes and extraordinary expenses. Only the Board of Directors of CVSI may terminate a Portfolio's expense cap before the contractual period expires.2The Advisor further voluntarily reimbursed expenses of $88,900 or 0.11%, for Net Operating Expenses of 0.28% to maintain a positive yield during the year ended December 31, 2012.
12. The Applicants state that the proposed Substitution is in response to a decision by the Board of Directors for CVSI, at a meeting held on June 5, 2013, to approve the dissolution of the Current Portfolio on or about November 15, 2013 (the Liquidation Date). The board's decision to liquidate the Current Portfolio requires the Life Insurance Companies to transfer accumulated Contract value invested in the Current Portfolio to an alternative investment option available under the Contracts on or before the Liquidation Date. Currently, the only money market portfolio investment option offered under the Contracts is the Current Portfolio. Accordingly, the proposed Substitution is necessary in order to provide the Contract owners with continued access to a money market portfolio investment option. Consequently, the Life Insurance Companies have determined to replace the Current Portfolio with the Replacement Portfolio via the Substitution.
13. The Life Insurance Companies submit that the Replacement Portfolio is an appropriate alternative for Contract owners for several reasons. First, its investment objectives, strategies and risks are substantially the same as those of the Current Portfolio. Second, it is substantially larger than the Current Portfolio, has had lower overall expense levels than the Portfolio in recent years, and has had higher yields in recent years than the Current Portfolio. Third, the Contracts and other variable annuity and variable life insurance contracts issued by the Life Insurance Companies currently offer one or more VIPFV portfolios (other than the Replacement Portfolio).
14. The Applicants believe that Contract owners would benefit from the significantly larger size of the Replacement Portfolio and the somewhat higher yields of the Replacement Portfolio, as contrasted Start Printed Page 65395with the size and recent yields of the Current Portfolio. The yield for the Current Portfolio for the seven days ending December 31, 2012 was 0.01%. The net asset value of the Current Portfolio was $85,913,000 as of December 31, 2012. The yield for the Replacement Portfolio Initial Class shares for the seven days ending December 31, 2012 was 0.08%. The net asset value of the Replacement Portfolio supporting Initial Class shares was $889,797,000 as of December 31, 2012.
15. The Applicants believe that Contract owners will benefit from the reduction in overall expenses of the Replacement Portfolio as compared to the Current Portfolio. Specifically, the management fee, other expenses, and total operating expenses are less than those of the Current Portfolio. Both Portfolios have no charge for Rule 12b-1 distribution and services fees. The total annual operating expense of the Replacement Portfolio is less than that of the Current Portfolio. Given this decrease, the Applicants believe that the Substitution would benefit Contract owners by reducing the overall level of Portfolio expenses.
Legal Analysis and Conditions
1. The Applicants request that the Commission issue an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act approving the proposed Substitution. Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act requires the depositor of a registered unit investment trust holding securities of a single issuer to obtain Commission approval before substituting the securities held by the trust.
2. Applicants submit that the proposed Substitution is not the type of substitution that Section 26(c) was designed to prevent. Section 26(c) was intended to provide for Commission scrutiny of a proposed Substitution which could, in effect, force shareholders dissatisfied with the substitute security to redeem their shares, thereby possibly incurring a loss of the sales load deducted from initial premium, an additional sales load upon reinvestment of the proceeds of redemption, or both, as well as possibly suffering adverse tax consequences upon redemption. Consequently, the section was designed to forestall the ability of a depositor to present holders of interest in a unit investment trust with situations in which a holder's only choice would be to continue an investment in an unsuitable underlying security, or to elect a costly and, in effect, forced redemption.
3. Applicants submit that the proposed substitution will provide Contract owners with substantially the same investment vehicle and would not raise any of the aforementioned concerns that Congress intended to address when the 1940 Act was amended to include Section 26(c).
4. Applicants represent that redemptions and purchases will occur simultaneously so that contract values will remain fully invested at all times. All redemptions of shares of the Current Portfolio and purchases of shares of the Replacement Portfolio will be effected in accordance with Section 22(c) of the Act and Rule 22c-1 thereunder. The Substitution will take place at relative net asset value as of the effective date of the Substitution (Effective Date) with no change in the amount of any Contract owner's contract value or death benefit or in the dollar value of his or her investments in the money market subaccount of the applicable Account.
5. Contract values attributable to investments in the Current Portfolio will be transferred to the Replacement Portfolio without charge (including sales charges or surrender charges) and without counting toward the number of transfers that may be permitted without charge. Contract owners will not incur any additional fees or charges as a result of the Substitution, nor will their rights or the Life Insurance Companies' respective obligations under the Contracts be altered in any way and the Substitution will not change Contract owners' insurance benefits under the Contracts. All expenses incurred in connection with the Substitution, including legal, accounting, transactional, and other fees and expenses, including brokerage commissions, will be paid by the Life Insurance Companies. In addition, the Substitution will not impose any tax liability on Contract owners.
6. The Applicants also represent that the Substitution will not cause the Contract fees and charges currently paid by existing Contract owners to be greater after the Substitution than before the Substitution. The Life Insurance Companies will not exercise any right they may have under the Contracts to impose restrictions on transfers under the Contracts for the period beginning on the date of the Pre-Substitution Notice (defined below) through at least thirty (30) days following the Effective Date.
7. Existing Contract owners will be notified of the proposed Substitution by means of a prospectus or prospectus supplement for each of the Contracts (Pre-Substitution Notice) at least thirty (30) days before the Effective Date. New purchasers of the Contracts will be provided the Pre-Substitution Notice, the Contract prospectus, and the prospectus for the Replacement Portfolio in accordance with all applicable legal requirements.
8. The Pre-Substitution Notice will: (i) State that the Applicants filed the application seeking approval of the Substitution; (ii) set forth the anticipated Effective Date; (iii) explain that the Contract values attributable to investments in the Current Portfolio would be attributable to the Replacement Portfolio as of the Effective Date; (iv) state that, from the date of the Pre-Substitution Notice until the Effective Date, Contract Owners are permitted to transfer Contract value out of any Current Portfolio sub-account to any other sub-account(s) offered under the Contract without the transfer being treated as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and fees that would otherwise be applicable under the terms of the Contract; (v) advise Contract owners that any contract value remaining in the Current Portfolio sub-account on the Effective Date will be transferred to a sub-account investing in the Replacement Portfolio, and that the Substitution will take place at relative net asset value; (vi) inform Contract owners that for at least thirty (30) days following the Effective Date, the applicable Life Insurance Company will permit Contract owners to make transfers of contract value out of the sub-account investing in the Replacement Portfolio to any other available sub-accounts offered under their Contracts without the transfer being counted as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and fees, if any, that would otherwise be applicable under the terms of the Contracts; and (vii) inform Contract owners that, except as described in the market timing limitations section of the relevant prospectus, the applicable Life Insurance Company will not exercise any rights reserved by it under the Contracts to impose additional restrictions on transfers out of the sub-account investing in the Replacement Portfolio for at least thirty (30) days after the Effective Date.
9. All Contract owners will have received a copy of the most recent prospectus for the Replacement Portfolio prior to the Substitution. In addition, within five (5) days following the Substitution, Contract owners affected by the Substitution will be notified in writing that the Substitution was carried out. This notice will restate the relevant information set forth in the Pre-Substitution Notice, and will also explain that the contract values attributable to investments in the Current Portfolio were transferred to the Replacement Portfolio without charge Start Printed Page 65396(including sales charges or surrender charges) and without counting toward the number of transfers that may be permitted without charge.
10. The Applicants represent that the Life Insurance Companies will not receive, for three (3) years after the Effective Date, any direct or indirect benefits from the Replacement Portfolio, its advisor or underwriter (or their affiliates), in connection with assets attributable to the Contracts affected by the Substitution, at a higher rate than the Life Insurance Companies had received from the Current Portfolio, its advisor or underwriter (or their affiliates), including without limitation 12b-1 fees, revenue sharing or other arrangements. The Applicants further represent that the Substitution and the selection of the Replacement Portfolio were not motivated by any financial consideration paid or to be paid to a Life Insurance Company or its affiliates by the Replacement Portfolio, its advisor or underwriter, or their affiliates.
11. Applicants submit that the replacement of the Current Portfolio with the Replacement Portfolio is consistent with the protection of Contract owners and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the 1940 Act and, thus, meets the standards necessary to support an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act. In addition, the Applicants submit that the proposed Substitution meets the standards that the Commission and its staff have applied to Substitutions that have been approved in the past.
Conclusion
For the reasons and upon the facts set forth above in the application, the Applicants believe that the requested order meets the standards set forth in Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act and should therefore be granted.
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, pursuant to delegated authority.
Kevin M. O'Neill,
Deputy Secretary.
End Signature
End Supplemental Information

[FR Doc. 2013-25831 Filed 10-30-13; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8011-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  

















SEC Info - Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account Va - N-4/A on 10/12/00










SEC Info uses JavaScript! To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


SEC InfoHomeSearchMy InterestsHelpSign InPlease Sign In




Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account Va  N-4/Aon10/12/00On: Thursday, 10/12/00, at 1:51pm ET    Accession #: 1116493-0-11    File #: 333-39240
Previous N-4: N-4/A on 10/12/00    Latest N-4: This Filing



in
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
Show
Docs searched
and
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help...Wildcards: ? (any letter), * (many). Logic: for Docs: &(and), |(or); for Text: |(anywhere), "(&)"(near).  Bottom

T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    ForOnAs Docs:Size

10/12/00  Ameritas Life of NY Sep Acct Va   N-4/A                  3:289KF-->Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement for a Separate Account (Unit Investment Trust)    Form N-4Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-4/A       Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement     83    429K 
                          for a Separate Account (Unit Investment                
                          Trust)                                                 
 3: EX-99.(10)(A)  Independent Auditors' Consent                       1      5K 
 2: EX-99.(9)   Opinion and Consent of Counsel                         1      6K 

D-->N-4/A    Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement for a Separate Account (Unit Investment Trust)Document Table of Contents
Page(sequential)|(alphabetic)TopA-->
Alternative Formats (Word, etal.)
Directors and Officers of the Depositor
Financial Statements and Exhibits
First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York
Indemnification
Location of Separate Account and Records
Management Services
Non-Admitted Assets
Number of Contractowners
Overture Acclaim !
Principal Underwriters
Qualified Plans
Table of Contents
Tax-Sheltered Annuities
Tax Treatment of Withdrawals
Undertakings
Withholding Tax on Distributions
S-->
11st Page  -  Filing Submission
"First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York
2Overture Acclaim !
35Table of Contents
55Withholding Tax on Distributions
57Qualified Plans
"Tax Treatment of Withdrawals
59Tax-Sheltered Annuities
72Non-Admitted Assets
77Item 24. Financial Statements and Exhibits
78Item 25. Directors and Officers of the Depositor
79Item 27. Number of Contractowners
"Item 28. Indemnification
80Item 29. Principal Underwriters
81Item 30. Location of Separate Account and Records
"Item 31. Management Services
"Item 32. Undertakings
P-->N-4/A1stPageof83TOCTopPreviousNextBottomJust1st
 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2000.

                                                      Registration No. 333-39240
811-09977
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FORM N-4
      REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933            [ ]

                        Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2                    [X]

                        Post Effective Amendment No.                     [ ]

REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT ACT OF 1940 

                               Amendment No. 7                           [X]

------------------------

FIRST AMERITAS VARIABLE ANNUITY SEPARATE ACCOUNT
(REGISTRANT)

FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. of NEW YORK
 (DEPOSITOR)
400 Rella Blvd., Suite 304
Suffern, New York 10901-4253
1-800-215-1096
------------------------

 DONALD R. STADING
 Secretary and General Counsel
 First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York
 5900 "O" Street
 Lincoln, Nebraska 68510
(402) 467-7465

Approximate  Date of Proposed  Public  Offering:  As soon as  practicable  after
effective date.                                                                 

 TITLE OF SECURITIES BEING REGISTERED: SECURITIES OF UNIT INVESTMENT TRUST .
The Registrant hereby amends this  Registration  Statement on such date or dates
as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant  shall file
a further  amendment  which  specifically  states that this  Registration  shall
thereafter  become  effective in accordance  with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933 or until the  Registration  Statement shall become effective on such
date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a) may determine.     

P-->N-4/A2ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust2nd
 OVERTURE ACCLAIM!
 CROSS REFERENCE TO ITEMS REQUIRED BY FORM N-4

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


PART A                                                                                            
FORM N-4  ITEM                             HEADING IN PROSPECTUS                                  
                                                                                                  
Item 1.   Cover Page                       Cover Page                                             
Item 2.   Definitions                      DEFINED TERMS                                          
Item 3.   Synopsis or Highlights           POLICY OVERVIEW; FEE TABLES; Advertising               
Item 4.   Condensed Financial Information  Financial Information                                  
Item 5.   General Description of Registrant,                                                      
          Depositor and Portfolio Companies                                                       
          a) Depositor                     MISCELLANEOUS - About Our Company                      
          b) Registrant                    INVESTMENT OPTIONS - Separate Account Variable         
                                           Investment Options                                     
          c) Portfolio Company             INVESTMENT OPTIONS - Separate Account Variable         
                                           Investment Options                                     
          d) Prospectus                    Cover Page; INVESTMENT OPTIONS                         
          e) Voting                        MISCELLANEOUS - Voting Rights                          
          f) Administrator                 N/A                                                    
Item 6.   Deductions and Expenses                                                                 
          a) Deductions                    FEE TABLES; FEES                                       
          b) Sales Load                    FEE TABLES; FEES - Withdrawal Charge                   
          c) Special purchase plans        FEES - Waiver of Certain Fees                          
          d) Commissions                   FEES -  Distribution  Expenses                         
          e) Portfolio company deductions                                                         
             and  expenses                 FEE  TABLES                                            
          f) Registrant's expenses         N/A                                                    
Item 7.   General Description of Variable                                                         
          Annuity Contracts                                                                       
          a) Rights                        IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS;                           
                                           MISCELLANEOUS - Voting Rights                          
          b) Allocations, Transfers        INVESTMENT OPTIONS - Transfers                         
          c) Changes in contracts or                                                              
          operations                       INVESTMENT OPTIONS - Separate Account Variable         
                                           Investment Options -  Adding, Deleting, or Substituting
                                           Variable Investment Options                            
          d) Contract owner inquiries      Cover Page; Table of Contents Page; Last Page          
Item 8.   Annuity Period                                                                          
          a) Level of benefits             POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Annuity Income Phase            
          b) Annuity commencement date     POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Annuity Income Phase            
          c) Annuity payments              POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Annuity Income Phase            
          d) Assumed investment return     N/A                                                    
          e) Minimums                      POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Annuity Income Phase            
          f) Rights to change options or                                                          
          transfer investment base         POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Annuity Income Phase            
Item 9.   Death Benefit                                                                           
          a) Death benefit calculation     POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Death Benefits                  
          b) Forms of benefits             POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Annuity Income Phase            
Item 10.  Purchases and Contract Values                                                           
          a) Procedures for purchases      Cover Page;  IMPORTANT POLICY                          
                                           PROVISIONS - Policy                                    
                                           Application   and   Issuance;                          
                                           IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS -                          
                                           Your Policy Value                                      
          b) Accumulation unit value       IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS - Your Policy Value        

P-->N-4/A3rdPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust3rd
          c) Calculation of accumulation unit                                                     
          value                            IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS - Your Policy Value        
          d) Principal underwriter         MISCELLANEOUS - Distributor of the Policies            
Item 11.  Redemptions                                                                             
          a) Redemption procedures         POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS - Withdrawals                     
          b) Texas Optional Retirement                                                            
          Program                          N/A                                                    
          c) Delay                         IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS - Delay of Payments        
          d) Lapse                         N/A                                                    
          e) Revocation of rights          IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS - Policy Application       
             and Issuance                                                                         
Item 12.  Taxes                                                                                   
          a) Tax consequences              FEDERAL TAX MATTERS                                    
          b) Qualified plans               FEDERAL TAX MATTERS                                    
          c) Impact of taxes               FEDERAL TAX MATTERS                                    
Item 13.  Legal Proceedings                MISCELLANEOUS - Legal Proceedings                      
Item 14.  Table of Contents for Statement of                                                      
          Additional Information           Statement of Additional Information Table of Contents
PART B                                                                                            
FORM N-4  ITEM                             HEADING IN STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION         

Item 15.  Cover Page.......................Cover Page                                             
Item 16.  Table of Contents................Table of Contents                                      
Item 17.  General Information and History                                                         
          a) Name change/Suspended Sales...N/A                                                    
          b) Attribution of Assets.........N/A                                                    
          c) Control of Depositor..........General Information and History                        
Item 18.  Services                                                                                
          a) Fees, expenses and costs......N/A                                                    
          b) Management-related services...N/A                                                    
          c) Custodian and independent public                                                     
          accountant.......................Services                                               
          d) Other custodianship...........N/A                                                    
          e) Administrative servicing agentN/A                                                    
          f) Depositor as principal                                                               
          underwriter......................N/A                                                    
Item 19.  Purchase of Securities Being Offered                                                    
          a) Manner of Offering............N/A                                                    
          b) Sales load....................N/A                                                    
Item 20.  Underwriters                                                                            
          a) Depositor or affiliate as principal                                                  
          underwriter......................Underwriters                                           
          b)continuous offering............Underwriters                                           
          c) Underwriting commissions......Underwriters                                           
          d) Payments of underwriter.......N/A                                                    
Item 21.  Calculation of Performance Data..Calculation of Performance                             
Item 22.  Annuity Payments.................N/A                                                    
Item 23.  Financial Statements                                                                    
          a) Registrant....................Financial Statements                                   
          b) Depositor.....................Financial Statements                                   


P-->N-4/A4thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust4th
                            FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK LOGO
 First Ameritas Variable Annuity Separate Account
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROSPECTUS: __________, 2000                                                    

OVERTURE  ACCLAIM !(sm)                                                         
Flexible Premium                                                                
Deferred Variable Annuity Policy                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    This prospectus  describes the Policy,  especially its Separate Account. The
Policy is designed to help you, the Policy Owner, invest on a tax-deferred basis
and meet long-term  financial  goals.  As an annuity,  it also provides you with
several ways to receive regular income from your investment.  An initial minimum
payment is required. Further investment is optional.                            

    You may allocate all or part of your  investment  among variable  investment
options  (where  you  have  the  investment  risk,  including  possible  loss of
principal) with allocated indirect  interests in non-publicly  traded portfolios
from these series funds:                                                        

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                    Series Fund issuing the Subaccount                                               
                        variable investment option                                                   
 Referred to as:          underlying portfolios:         Portfolio Fund Advisor - Subadvisors        

                                                                                                     
ALGER               The Alger American Fund              Fred Alger Management, Inc.                 
------------------- ------------------------------------ --------------------------------------      
AMERITAS            Calvert Variable Series, Inc.        Ameritas Investment Corp.                   
PORTFOLIOS          Ameritas Portfolios                  -Fred Alger Management, Inc. (Fred Alger)   
                                                         -Calvert Asset Management Company,          
                                                         Inc.(Calvert)                               
                                                         -Massachusetts Financial Services           
                                                         Company (MFS Co.)                           
                                                         -State Street Global Advisors (State Street)
------------------- ------------------------------------ --------------------------------------      
CALVERT SOCIAL      Calvert Variable Series, Inc.        Calvert Asset Managment Company, Inc.       
                    Calvert Social Portfolios                                                        
------------------- ------------------------------------ --------------------------------------      
FIDELITY            Variable Insurance Products:         Fidelity Management & Research              
                    Service Class 2                      Company                                     
------------------- ------------------------------------ --------------------------------------      
MFS                 MFS Variable Insurance Trust         Massachusetts Financial Services            
                                                         Company                                     
------------------- ------------------------------------ --------------------------------------      
MORGAN STANLEY      Universal Institutional Funds, Inc.  Morgan Stanley Asset Management             
------------------- ------------------------------------ --------------------------------------      

or you may  allocate all or part of your  investment  to a Fixed  Account  fixed
interest rate option (where we have the investment  risk and guarantee a certain
return on your investment).                                                     

PLEASE  READ THIS  PROSPECTUS  CAREFULLY  AND KEEP IT FOR FUTURE  REFERENCE.  It
provides   information  you  should  consider  before  investing  in  a  Policy.
Prospectuses for the portfolios  underlying the Subaccount  variable  investment
option are available  without charge from your sales  representative or from our
Service Center.                                                                 

A Statement of Additional  Information  and other  information  about us and the
Policy,  with the same date as this  prospectus,  is on file with the Securities
and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") and is  incorporated  into this  prospectus by
reference.   For   a   free   copy,   access   it  on   the   SEC's   Web   site
(WWW.SEC.GOV/EDAUX/PROSPECT.HTM, and type in "First Ameritas"), or write or call
us. The Table of Contents for the Statement of Additional  Information is on the
last page of this prospectus.                                                   

 THE SEC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS, AND HAS
NOT APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE POLICY. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

 NOT FDIC INSURED        o   MAY LOSE VALUE        o NO BANK GUARANTEE

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK (WE, US, OUR)
DIRECT APPLICATION & RELATED QUESTIONS TO US AT: 400 RELLA BLVD, #304,
SUFFERN, NY 10901. 1-877-380-1586 DIRECT ALL ELSE TO US AT: SERVICE CENTER, 
P.O. BOX 82550, LINCOLN, NEBRASKA 68501. 1-800-745-1112.
www.newyork.ameritas.com
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P-->N-4/A5thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust5th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

TABLE OF CONTENTS                                                                BEGIN ON PAGE                 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                 
                                                                                                               

CONTACTING US.     To answer your                 DEFINED TERMS                                           3    
questions or to send additional                   POLICY OVERVIEW                                         4    
premium, contact your sales                       FEE TABLES                                              6    
representative or write or call us at:            FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                   9    
                                                  IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS                             9    
                                                        POLICY APPLICATION AND ISSUANCE                        
First Ameritas Life                                     YOUR POLICY VALUE                                      
Insurance Corp. of New York                             TELEPHONE TRANSACTIONS                                 
      Service Center                                    DELAY OF PAYMENTS                                      
      P.O. Box 82550                                    BENEFICIARY                                            
      Lincoln, Nebraska 68501                           MINOR OWNER OR BENEFICIARY                             
           or                                           POLICY CHANGES                                         
      5900 "O" Street                                   Optional Features                                      
      Lincoln, Nebraska 68510                      INVESTMENT OPTIONS                                    14    
      Telephone: 1-800-745-1112                      Separate Account Variable Investment Options              
      Fax: 1-800-745-6153                            Fixed Account Fixed Interest Rate Option                  
      www.first.ameritas.com                         Transfers                                                 
                                                     Third-Party Services                                      
Express mail  packages  should be                    Systematic Transfer Programs: Dollar Cost Averaging,      
sent to our street  address,  not                      Portfolio Rebalancing, Earnings Sweep                   
our P.O. Boxaddress.                              FEES                                                   18    
                                                     WITHDRAWAL CHARGE - NONE                                  
INITIAL APPLICATION and questions                    MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGE                         
regarding it should be directed to us at:            ADMINISTRATIVE FEES                                       
                                                       ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE FEE, ANNUAL POLICY FEE           
      400 Rella Blvd, # 304                          TRANSFER FEE                                              
      Suffern, NY 10901                              TAX CHARGES                                               
      Telephone:  1-877-380-1586                  FEES CHARGED BY THE PORTFOLIOS                               
      Fax:                                           OPTIONAL FEATURES' FEES                                   
                                                  POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS                                   20    
SENDING FORMS, WRITTEN NOTICE                        WITHDRAWALS                                               
AND WRITTEN REQUESTS IN "GOOD                        DEATH BENEFITS                                            
ORDER."  If you are writing to change                ANNUITY INCOME PHASE                                      
your beneficiary,  request a withdrawal           FEDERAL TAX MATTERS                                    24    
or for any other purpose,  contact us or             TAXATION OF NONQUALIFIED POLICIES                         
your sales  representative to learn what             TAXATION OF QUALIFIED POLICIES                            
information is required for the request              POSSIBLE TAX LAW CHANGES                                  
to be in "good  order." We can only act           MISCELLANEOUS                                          27    
upon  requests that are received in good             ABOUT OUR COMPANY                                         
order.                                               DISTRIBUTION OF THE POLICIES                              
                                                     VOTING RIGHTS                                             
REMEMBER, THE CORRECT FORM is important              DISTRIBUTION OF MATERIALS                                 
for us to accurately process your Policy             ADVERTISING                                               
elections and changes. Many can be found             LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                         
on our website "on-line services" site.           APPENDIX A: VARIABLE INVESTMENT OPTION PORTFOLIOS      A:1   
Or, call us at our toll-free number and           APPENDIX B: TAX-QUALIFIED PLAN DISCLOSURES             B:1   
we'll send you the form you need.                 THANK YOU.  IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, ...              Last Page
                                                  STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TABLE OF CONTENTS 

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
             - 2 -

P-->N-4/A6thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust6th
DEFINED TERMS                                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ACCUMULATION  UNITS are an  accounting  unit of measure  used to  calculate  the
Policy value allocated to Subaccounts of the Separate Account.  It is similar to
a share of a mutual  fund.  The  Policy  describes  how  Accumulation  Units are
calculated.                                                                     

ANNUITANT  is  the  person  on  whose  life  annuity  payments   involving  life
contingencies are based and who receives Policy annuity payments.               

ANNUITY DATE is the date annuity  income  payouts are  scheduled to begin.  This
date is  identified on the Policy  Schedule page of your Policy.  You may change
this date, as permitted by the Policy and described in this prospectus.         

BENEFICIARY(IES)                                                                
   OWNER'S  BENEFICIARY(IES)  is the  person(s)  or legal entity who becomes the
Policy Owner upon the Owner's death and who receives the death  benefit  payable
upon the  Owner's  death  prior to the  Annuity  Date.  If none is named,  those
benefits are paid to the Owner's estate.                                        
   ANNUITANT'S  BENEFICIARY(IES)  is the  person(s) or legal entity who receives
the death benefit payable upon the Annuitant's death.                           
   If either an Owner or Annuitant's  Beneficiary  is named in the  application,
but not both,  we presume  you  intend  that  person(s)  or entity to serve both
roles.                                                                          

BUSINESS  DAY is each day that the New York Stock  Exchange is open for trading.
CASH SURRENDER VALUE is the Policy value less applicable Policy fee, outstanding
loans, and any premium tax charge not previously deducted.                      

OWNER,  YOU,  YOUR is you -- the  person(s) or legal entity who may exercise all
rights  and  privileges  under  the  Policy.  If there  are  joint  Owners,  the
signatures of both Owners are needed to exercise rights under the Policy.       

POLICY  YEAR/MONTH/ANNIVERSARY are measured from respective anniversary dates of
the date of issue of this Policy.                                               

SUBACCOUNT  is a division  within the  Separate  Account for which  Accumulation
Units  are  separately  maintained.  Each  Subaccount  corresponds  to a  single
underlying non-publicly traded portfolio issued through a series fund.          

WE, US, OUR, FIRST AMERITAS,  FALIC - First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New
York.                                                                           

WRITTEN NOTICE OR REQUEST -- Written  notice,  signed by you, on a form approved
by or acceptable to us, that gives us the information we require and is received
at FALIC, Service Center, P.O. Box 82550, Lincoln, NE 68501 (or 5900 "O" Street,
Lincoln, NE 68510), fax 1-800-745-6153. Call us if you have questions about what
form or information is required.                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 THIS  PROSPECTUS  MAY ONLY BE USED TO OFFER THE  POLICY  WHERE THE  POLICY  MAY
 LAWFULLY  BE  SOLD.  THE  POLICY,   AND  CERTAIN  FEATURES  DESCRIBED  IN  THIS
PROSPECTUS, MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ALL STATES.                               
IF YOUR POLICY IS ISSUED AS PART OF A QUALIFIED PLAN UNDER THE INTERNAL  REVENUE
CODE, REFER TO ANY PLAN DOCUMENTS AND DISCLOSURES FOR INFORMATION ABOUT HOW SOME
OF THE BENEFITS AND RIGHTS OF THE POLICY MAY BE AFFECTED.                       
NO ONE IS AUTHORIZED
 TO GIVE INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE POLICY
 THAT IS NOT IN THIS PROSPECTUS.
 IF ANYONE DOES SO, YOU SHOULD NOT RELY UPON IT AS BEING ACCURATE OR ADEQUATE.

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - 3 -

P-->N-4/A7thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust7th
POLICY OVERVIEW                                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        THE FOLLOWING IS INTENDED AS A SUMMARY. PLEASE READ EACH SECTION OF THIS
PROSPECTUS FOR ADDITIONAL DETAIL.                                               

        The  OVERTURE  ACCLAIM ! POLICY is a variable  annuity  savings  vehicle
offering a variety of investment options to help meet long-term financial goals.
It is available  from us in New York only.  Associated  charges are discussed in
this  prospectus'  FEE TABLES and FEES sections.  You can allocate your premiums
among a wide spectrum of Separate  Account variable  investment  options or to a
Fixed  Account  fixed  interest rate option.  On the Separate  Account  variable
investment  options you may gain or lose money on your investment.  On the Fixed
Account  option,  we  guarantee  you will  earn a fixed  rate of  interest.  The
investment  options are described on this  prospectus'  cover and the INVESTMENT
OPTIONS section.                                                                

|_|     COMPARISON TO OTHER POLICIES AND                                        
INVESTMENTS                                                     

A  significant  advantage  of the  Policy is that it  provides  the  ability  to
accumulate  capital on a tax- deferred basis. The purchase of a Policy to fund a
tax- qualified  retirement  account does not provide any additional tax deferred
treatment  beyond the treatment  provided by the  tax-qualified  retirement plan
itself.  However,  the Policy does  provide  benefits  such as  lifetime  income
payments, family protection through death benefits and guaranteed fees.         

        COMPARED TO FIXED ANNUITIES.  The Policy is like a fixed annuity in most
ways except for its variable investment  features.  The Policy is different from
fixed-  interest  annuities in that, to the extent you select  Separate  Account
variable  investment  options,  your Policy  value will  reflect the  investment
experience of the selected  variable  investment  options,  so you have both the
investment risk (including possible loss of principal) and opportunity, not us. 

        COMPARED  TO  MUTUAL  FUNDS.  Although  the  Separate  Account  variable
investment  options'  underlying  portfolios operate like publicly traded mutual
funds and have the same  investment  risks, in many ways the Policy differs from
publicly  traded mutual fund  investments.  Unlike publicly traded mutual funds,
the Policy has these features:                                                  

o    Accumulates capital on a tax-deferred basis.                               
o    A  guaranteed  minimum  return on your  investment  (if you  choose a Fixed
Account option).                                                      
o    Can provide  annuity  payments  for the rest of your life or for some other
period.                                                               
o    Provides a death benefit that could be higher than the value of the Policy.
o    Federal  income tax liability on any earnings  generally is deferred  until
you receive a distribution from the Policy.                           
o    You can transfer money from one underlying  investment portfolio to another
without tax liability.                                                
o    Dividends and capital gains distributed by the variable investment options'
     underlying portfolios are automatically reinvested and are reflected in the
portfolio's value.                                                    
o    Insurance-related   charges  not   associated   with  direct   mutual  fund
investments are deducted from the value of the Policy.                
o    Withdrawals  before age 59  1/2generally  are  subject to a 10% federal tax
     penalty.  Also, Policy earnings that would be treated as capital gains in a
     mutual  fund are  treated as ordinary  income  when  distributed,  although
     taxation of them is deferred until such earnings are  distributed.  Taxable
     earnings are considered to be paid out first followed by the return of your
premiums.                                                             
o    You have a short  time  period to review  your  Policy  and cancel it for a
     return of premium paid. The terms of this "right to examine" period vary by
state (see the cover of your Policy).                                 
o    We, not you, own the shares of the variable  investment option's underlying
     portfolios.  You have interests in the Separate  Account  Subaccounts  that
invest in the underlying portfolios that you select.                  

|_|     TAX-QUALIFIED PLANS                                                     

        The  Policy can be used to fund a  tax-qualified  plan such as an IRA or
Roth IRA (including for rollovers from tax-sheltered annuities),  SEP, or SIMPLE
IRA, etc. This Prospectus  generally  addresses the terms that affect a non-tax-
qualified annuity. If your Policy funds a tax-qualified plan, read the Qualified
Plan  Disclosures  in this  prospectus'  APPENDIX B to see how they might change
your Policy rights and requirements.  Contact us if you have questions about the
use of the Policy in these or other tax-qualified plans.                        

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - 4 -

P-->N-4/A8thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust8th
|_|     POLICY OPERATION & FEATURES                                             
PREMIUMS.                                                                       
o  Minimum initial premium: $25,000.                                            
o  Minimum additional premium is $1,000, or $50 per month if by monthly         
electronic funds transfer.                                                
o  No additional premiums will be accepted after the earlier of the Annuity Date
or the Annuitant's 85th birthday without our approval.                    

INVESTMENT OPTIONS.                                                             
o  Variable  investment  option  allocations  are invested in Subaccounts of the
   Separate   Account,   which  in  turn  invest  in  corresponding   underlying
   portfolios. Fixed Account allocations are invested in our general account and
we guarantee a fixed rate of interest.                                    
o  You  may  transfer  between  investments,  subject  to  limits.  Dollar  cost
   averaging,  portfolio  rebalancing and earnings sweep  systematic  investment
programs are available.                                                   

DEDUCTIONS FROM ASSETS.                                                         
(SEE FEE TABLES ON NEXT PAGES.)                                                 

Deductions from entire Policy value:                                            
o  Generally, premium taxes, if any.  (Some states levy this tax when premium is
paid.)                                                                    
o  Policy fee, if any.                                                          
o  Charges for selected optional features.                                      

Deductions from Separate Account assets only:                                   
o  Mortality and expense risk charge.                                           
o  Administrative expense charge.                                               
o  Underlying portfolio investment advisory fees and operating expenses.        

WITHDRAWALS.                                                                    
o  There are no Policy withdrawal charges applied to withdrawals.               
o  Each withdrawal must be at least $250.                                       

ANNUITY INCOME.                                                                 
o  Several fixed annuity income options are available.                          

 Premiums to
 Your Policy
  --------------------------

First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York 
 ---------------------------------------------------

Investment Options  
 ---------------------------------------------------
  Fixed          First Ameritas Variable Annuity
Account                Separate Account       

POLICY VALUE        Variable Investment Options   
         RECEIVES A     POLICY VALUE MAY VARY DAILY DEPENDING UPON
           GUARANTEED     THE INVESTMENT PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING
FIXED INTEREST              PORTFOLIOS.           
RATE.                                       
------------                                      
                 The Subaccounts
                 -----------------------------------
                  A           B         Etc.
                 ----------- ----------- -----------

             Underlying  Underlying     Etc.
     Portfolio A Portfolio B
                 ----------- ----------- -----------
               Fees (DEDUCTIONS FROM ASSETS)
 ------------    -----------------------------------

Withdrawals           Death            Annuity
                   Benefit            Income
                                     Options
 --------------     -------------     --------------

DEATH BENEFIT.                                                                  
o  A  standard  death  benefit is paid upon the death of the  Annuitant.  For an
   additional  charge, an optional feature  guaranteed  minimum death benefit is
available.                                                                

OPTIONAL FEATURES.                                                              
o  Optional features  available are listed in this prospectus'  IMPORTANT POLICY
   PROVISIONS section.  Most can only be elected at Policy issue and only if you
and the Annuitant are then not older than age 70.                         

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - 5 -

P-->N-4/A9thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust9th
|_|     POLICY PHASES                                                           

        The Policy is a deferred  annuity:  it has an accumulation (or deferral)
phase and an annuity income phase.                                              

        ACCUMULATION PHASE. During the accumulation phase, any earnings that you
leave in the Policy are not taxed.  During this phase you can invest  additional
money into the  Policy,  transfer  amounts  among the  investment  options,  and
withdraw some or all of the value of your Policy. Some restrictions may apply to
transfers (especially to transfers out of the Fixed Account). Withdrawals may be
subject to income tax and a penalty tax.                                        

        ANNUITY INCOME PHASE. The accumulation phase ends and the annuity income
phase begins on a date you select or the later of the fifth  Policy  Anniversary
or Anniversary nearest the annuitant's 85th birthday.  During the annuity income
phase,  we will make  periodic  payments  to the  Annuitant,  unless you specify
otherwise.  You  can  select  payments  that  are  guaranteed  to  last  for the
Annuitant's  entire life or for some other  period.  Some or all of each payment
will be taxable.                                                                

FEE TABLES                   (> = Base Policy Fee; x = Optional Feature Fee)    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The following  charts show the fees that may affect your Policy value.  The
fees shown do not reflect any premium tax that may apply.                       

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                               
>       = Base Policy Fees.                                                          Fee       
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRANSACTION FEES                                                                               
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>      WITHDRAWAL CHARGE                                                            NONE       
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>       TRANSFER FEE (per     >       first 15 transfers per year                    $0        
   transfer)                  >       over 15 transfers in one Policy Year,          $10       
                                        we may charge ...                                      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNUAL POLICY FEE  (Guaranteed maximum  fee is $40.  Waived if Policy value is at least        
                    $50,000.)                                                                  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>      Current Base Policy Fee                                                      $36        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES                                                               
          (deducted daily from assets allocated to the Separate Account Subaccounts to equal   
           the annual % shown )                                                                
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>       MORTALITY & EXPENSE RISK CHARGE                                             1.25%      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>       ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE FEE                                                  0.15%      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES (deducted daily from assets allocated to the Separate   
                                         Account Subaccounts to equal the annual % shown )     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          TOTAL SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES                                    1.40%      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
x  = Optional Feature Fees.                                                          Fee       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
OPTIONAL FEATURE FEE                                                                           
          (deducted monthly from Policy value to equal the annual % shown )                    
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
x       OPTIONAL "PERIODIC STEP-UP" GUARANTEED MINIMUM DEATH BENEFIT                           
x       Period is one year.                                                         0.25%      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------

SUBACCOUNT UNDERLYING PORTFOLIO ANNUAL EXPENSES                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   The  following  chart  shows the  expenses  charged  in the year 1999 by each
Subaccount  underlying portfolio before each fund provided us with the daily net
asset value.  We then deduct  applicable  Separate  Account charges from the net
asset value in calculating the unit value of the corresponding  Subaccount.  The
management  fees and other  expenses are more fully  described in the prospectus
for each underlying portfolio. Information relating to the underlying portfolios
was provided by the underlying portfolios and was not independently  verified by
us.                                                                             

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - 6 -

P-->N-4/A10thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust10th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                                   Total          
                                                             Total  Waivers and  after waivers and
     Subaccount's underlying     Management   12b-1   Other   Fund    Reductions  reductions,     
     Portfolio Name                Fees        Fees    Fees   Fees                if any          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

ALGER                                                                                             
o  Alger American Balanced           0.75%      -     0.18%    0.93%       -         0.93%        
o  Alger American Leveraged AllCap   0.85%      -     0.08%    0.93%       -         0.93%        
AMERITAS PORTFOLIOS (SUBADVISOR)                                                                  
o  Ameritas Growth (FRED ALGER)      0.80%      -     0.10%    0.90%     0.09%       0.81%        
o  Ameritas Income & Growth                                                                       
   (FRED ALGER)                      0.68%      -     0.12%    0.79%     0.09%       0.70%        
o  Ameritas MidCap Growth                                                                         
   (FRED ALGER)                      0.85%      -     0.12%    0.97%     0.11%       0.86%        
o  Ameritas Small Capitalization                                                                  
   (FRED ALGER)                      0.90%      -     0.10%    1.00%      0.08%       0.92%       
o  Ameritas Money Market (CALVERT)   0.25%      -     0.08%    0.33%      0.05%       0.28%       
o  Ameritas Emerging Growth (MFS CO.)0.80%      -     0.18%    0.98%      0.11%       0.87%       
o  Ameritas Growth With Income                                                                    
   (MFS CO.)                         0.80%      -     0.46%    1.26%     0.36%       0.90%        
o  Ameritas Research (MFS CO.)       0.80%      -     0.62%    1.42%     0.54%       0.88%        
o  Ameritas Index 500 (STATE STREET) 0.29%      -     0.11%    0.40%     0.10%       0.30%        
CALVERT SOCIAL                                                                                    
o  CVS Social Balanced               0.70%      -   0.19%(1)   0.89%       -         0.89%        
o  CVS Social International Equity   1.10%      -   0.50%(1)  1.60%(2)     -         1.60%        
o  CVS Social Mid Cap Growth         0.90%      -   0.21%(1)   1.11%       -         1.11%        
o  CVS Social Small Cap Growth       1.00%      -   0.58%(1)   1.58%       -         1.58%        
FIDELITY (SERVICE CLASS 2)                                                                        
o  VIP Asset Manager                 0.53%    0.25%   0.11%    0.89%       -        0.89%(3)      
o  VIP Asset Manager: Growth         0.58%    0.25%   0.15%    0.98%       -        0.98%(3)      
o  VIP Contrafund                    0.58%    0.25%   0.12%    0.95%       -        0.95%(3)      
o  VIP Equity-Income                 0.48%    0.25%   0.10%    0.83%       -        0.83%(3)      
o  VIP Growth                        0.58%    0.25%   0.10%    0.93%       -        0.93%(3)      
o  VIP High Income                   0.58%    0.25%   0.12%    0.95%       -         0.95%        
o  VIP Investment Grade Bond         0.43%    0.25%   0.14%    0.82%       -         0.82%        
o  VIP Overseas                      0.73%    0.25%   0.18%    1.16%       -        1.16%(3)      
MFS                                                                                               
o  Global Governments                0.75%      -   0.30%(5)   1.05%     0.14%      0.91%(6)      
o  New Discovery                     0.90%      -   1.59%(5)   2.49%     1.42%      1.07%(6)      
o  Utilities                         0.75%      -   0.16%(5)   0.91%       -         0.91%        
MORGAN STANLEY                                                                                    
o  Emerging Markets Equity           1.25%      -     2.62%    2.62%     0.83%      1.79%(7)      
o  Global Equity                     0.80%      -     1.48%    1.48%     0.33%      1.15%(7)      
o  International Magnum              0.80%      -     1.67%    1.67%     0.51%      1.16%(7)      
o  U.S. Real Estate                  0.80%      -     1.90%    1.90%     0.80%      1.10%(7)      

(1)  "Other Fees" reflect an indirect  fee. Net fund  operating  expenses  after
reductions for fees paid indirectly would be as follows:              
CVS Social Balanced                0.86%          
CVS Social International Equity    1.50%          
CVS Social Mid Cap Growth          1.02%          
CVS Social Small Cap Growth        1.15%          

(2)  Total expenses reflect expenses expected to be incurred in 2000,  resulting
     from a change in 1999 to the administrative services agreement, as approved
by the shareholders.                                                  

(3)  A portion of the brokerage  commissions  that certain Funds pay was used to
     reduce  Fund  expenses.   Also,  through  arrangements  with  certain  Fund
     custodians,  credits  realized as a result of uninvested cash balances were
     used  to  reduce  a  portion  of each  applicable  Fund's  expenses.  After
reductions, total operating expenses would have been:                 
VIP Asset Manager: Service Class 2        0.88%   
VIP Asset Manager: Growth: Service Class 20.97%   
VIP Contrafund: Service Class 2           0.92%   
VIP Equity-Income: Service Class 2        0.82%   
VIP Growth: Service Class 2               0.91%   
VIP Overseas: Service Class2              1.13%   

(4)  Fred Alger  Management,  Inc.  agreed to reimburse  the  portfolios  to the
     extent that the aggregate annual expenses (excluding interest,  taxes, fees
     for brokerage  services and extraordinary  expenses) exceed,  respectively:
     Alger American Balanced, 1.25%, and Alger American Leveraged AllCap, 1.50%.
    Included in "Other Fees" of Leveraged AllCap is 0.01% of interest expense.

(5)  Each MFS  portfolio  has an expense  offset  arrangement  which reduces the
     portfolio's  custodian fee based upon the amount of cash  maintained by the
     portfolio with its custodian and dividend  disbursing agent. Each portfolio
     may enter into other such arrangements and directed brokerage  arrangements
     (which  would also have the effect of reducing the  portfolio's  expenses).
     "Other  Fees" do not take into account  these  expense  reductions  and are
     therefore  higher  than the actual  expenses  of the  portfolio.  Had these
     reductions  been taken into  account,  "Total  (reflecting  waivers  and/or
     reimbursements,  if any)" would be lower:  0.90% for MFS  Utilities and MFS
Global Governments funds and 1.05% for MFS New Discovery fund.        

(6)  MFS contractually  agreed,  subject to reimbursement,  to bear expenses for
     the MFS Global  Governments  and MFS New Discovery funds such that the each
     portfolio's  "Other  Fees" (after  taking into  account the expense  offset
     arrangement  described  at (4),  above) do not exceed  0.15% of the average
     daily net assets of the  portfolio  during the  current  fiscal  year.  MFS
     Utilities   portfolio  has  no  such   limitation.   These  contracted  fee
     arrangements  will continue until at least May 1, 2001, unless changed with
the consent of the board of trustees which oversees the portfolio.    

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - 7 -

P-->N-4/A11thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust11th
(7)  The portfolio's  investment  adviser has  voluntarily  agreed to reduce its
     management  fee  and/or  reimburse  each  portfolio  so that  total  annual
operating expenses for each portfolio will not exceed:                
Emerging Markets Equity            1.75%          
Global Equity                      1.15%          
International Magnum fund          1.15%          
U.S. Real Estate fund              1.10%          

    The  investment  adviser  reserves the right to terminate  any waiver and/or
reimbursement at any time and without notice.                           

    In determining  the actual amount of voluntary  management fee waiver and/or
    expense  reimbursement for a portfolio,  if any, certain  investment related
    expenses,  such as foreign  country  tax  expense  and  interest  expense on
    borrowing are excluded from annual  operating  expenses.  If these  expenses
    were incurred,  the  portfolio's  total expenses after voluntary fee waivers
  and/or expense reimbursements could exceed the expense ratios shown above.

    For the year ended  December  31,  1999,  after  giving  effect to the above
    voluntary  management  fee waiver and/or  expense  reimbursement,  the total
    expenses for each portfolio,  including certain investment related expenses,
were as stated in the table.                                            

Expense  reimbursement  agreements  are expected to continue in future years but
may be terminated at any time. As long as the expense limitations continue for a
portfolio,  if a  reimbursement  occurs,  it has  the  effect  of  lowering  the
portfolio's expense ratio and increasing its total return.                      

We may  receive  administrative  fees from the  investment  advisers  of certain
portfolios.  We currently do not assess a separate  charge  against our Separate
Account or Fixed  Account for any income  taxes.  We may,  however,  make such a
charge in the future if income or gains within the  Separate  Account will incur
any income tax liability, or if tax treatment of us changes.                    

    EXAMPLES. The following chart shows the overall expenses you would pay under
an average  Policy with a Policy value of $60,000 under certain  assumptions  if
you  elected  every  optional  feature to the Policy  (the  optional  guaranteed
minimum death  benefit  feature) and we charged our  guaranteed  maximum fee for
each feature (instead of any lower current fees being charged).  In total, these
examples  assume charges of 1.40% Separate  Account  annual  expenses,  0.25% of
other Policy value annual expenses for optional features, a $40 Policy fee, plus
the underlying portfolio 1999 expenses. If you select no optional features, your
expenses  could be less  than  shown.  If our  current  fees  are less  than the
guaranteed  maximum fees,  your expenses could also be less than shown.  If your
Policy  size is less than  $60,000  or the  underlying  portfolio  expenses  are
greater, your expenses could be greater than shown. The examples assume that the
fee waiver and expense reimbursement limits set forth in the chart above will be
received,  but do not reflect any  premium tax charge  since New York  presently
does not levy one on Policy premium.  The example amounts are illustrative only,
and should not be considered a representation  of past or future expenses.  Your
actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown in the chart.           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1. Surrender Policy at end of the time period; 
                                                2. Annuitize Policy at the end of the time     
An Owner  would pay the  following  expenses                  period; or                       
on  a  $1,000  investment,   assuming  a  5%    3. Policy is not surrendered and is not        
annual return on assets if:                                   annuitized. ($)                  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Variable Investment Option             1 Yr         3 Yr        5 Yr        10 Yr     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                   ALGER                                                                       
Alger American Balanced                          $24         $74         $126         $269     
Alger American Leveraged AllCap                  $24         $74         $126         $269     
      AMERITAS PORTFOLIOS (subadvisor)                                                         
Ameritas Growth (Fred Alger)                     $23         $70         $120         $257     
Ameritas Income & Growth (Fred Alger)            $22         $67         $114         $246     
Ameritas MidCap Growth (Fred Alger)              $23         $72         $123         $262     
Ameritas Small Capitalization (Fred Alger)       $24         $73         $126         $268     
Ameritas Money Market (Calvert)                  $17         $54          $93         $202     
Ameritas Emerging Growth (MFS Co.)               $23         $72         $123         $263     
Ameritas Growth With Income (MFS Co.)            $24         $73         $125         $266     
Ameritas Research (MFS Co.)                      $23         $72         $124         $264     
Ameritas Index 500 (State Street)                $18         $55          $94         $204     
               CALVERT SOCIAL                                                                  
CVS Social Balanced                              $24         $73         $124         $265     
CVS Social International Equity                  $31         $94         $159         $334     
CVS Social Mid Cap Growth                        $26         $79         $135         $287     
CVS Social Small Cap Growth                      $30         $93         $158         $332     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                                       
                                      - 8 -                                                    

P-->N-4/A12thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust12th
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1. Surrender Policy at end of the time period; 
                                                2. Annuitize Policy at the end of the time     
An Owner  would pay the  following  expenses                  period; or                       
on  a  $1,000  investment,   assuming  a  5%    3. Policy is not surrendered and is not        
annual return on assets if:                                   annuitized. ($)                  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Variable Investment Option             1 Yr         3 Yr        5 Yr        10 Yr     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         FIDELITY (Service Class 2)                                                            
VIP Asset Manager                                $24         $73         $124         $265     
VIP Asset Manager: Growth                        $24         $75         $129         $274     
VIP Contrafund                                   $24         $74         $127         $271     
VIP Equity-Income                                $23         $71         $121         $259     
VIP Growth                                       $24         $74         $126         $269     
VIP High Income                                  $24         $74         $127         $271     
VIP Investment Grade Bond                        $23         $70         $121         $258     
VIP Overseas                                     $26         $81         $138         $292     
                    MFS                                                                        
Global Governments                               $24         $73         $125         $267     
New Discovery                                    $25         $78         $133         $283     
Utilities                                        $24         $73         $125         $267     
               MORGAN STANLEY                                                                  
Emerging Markets Equity                          $33         $99         $168         $352     
Global Equity                                    $26         $80         $137         $291     
International Magnum                             $26         $81         $138         $292     
U.S. Real Estate                                 $26         $79         $135         $286     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


        THESE EXAMPLES REFLECT  SEPARATE  ACCOUNT AND 1999 UNDERLYING  PORTFOLIO
EXPENSES.  THE $40 GUARANTEED  MAXIMUM ANNUAL POLICY FEE IS REFLECTED AS A DAILY
0.07% CHARGE IN THESE EXAMPLES, BASED ON AN AVERAGE POLICY VALUE OF $60,000.    

  The Fee Tables are  designed  to help you  understand  the  various  costs and
expenses  that a  Policy  Owner  will  bear  directly  or  indirectly.  For more
information,  read this  prospectus'  FEES section and the  prospectus  for each
Subaccount's underlying portfolio.                                              

FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        We provide  Accumulation  Unit value  history  for each of the  Separate
Account  variable  investment  options.  However,  since this Policy's  Separate
Account variable  investment  options just commenced  operation on the effective
date of this  prospectus,  there is no history to report.  Future updated Policy
prospectuses will disclose this information. Financial statements of our company
are included in the Statement of Additional  Information;  to learn how to get a
copy, see the front or back page of this prospectus.                            

IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS                       (X = OPTIONAL FEATURE)        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        The OVERTURE ACCLAIM ! Policy is a flexible  premium  deferred  variable
annuity  policy.  The  Policy  allows you to save and  invest  your  assets on a
tax-deferred basis. A feature of the Policy  distinguishing it from non- annuity
investments is its ability to guarantee  annuity  payments to you for as long as
the  Annuitant  lives or for some other period you select.  In addition,  if the
Annuitant dies before those payments begin,  the Policy will pay a death benefit
to the  Annuitant's  Beneficiary.  Many key rights and benefits under the Policy
are summarized in this prospectus;  however, you must refer to the Policy itself
for the actual terms of the Policy. You may obtain a copy of the Policy from us.
The Policy can be purchased as a  tax-qualified  or  nonqualified  annuity.  The
Policy remains in force until  surrendered for its Cash Surrender  Value, or all
proceeds have been paid under an annuity income option or as a death benefit.   

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - 9 -

P-->N-4/A13thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust13th
|_|     POLICY APPLICATION AND ISSUANCE                                         
REPLACING AN EXISTING ANNUITY                                                   
POLICY IS NOT ALWAYS YOUR BEST                                                  
CHOICE.  EVALUATE ANY                                                           
REPLACEMENT CAREFULLY.                                                          

        To  purchase  a Policy,  you must  submit an  application  and a minimum
initial  premium.  A Policy usually will be issued only if you and the Annuitant
are age 0 through  85,  nearest  birthday.  We  reserve  the right to reject any
application or premium for any reason.                                          

        If your  application is in good order upon receipt,  we will credit your
initial net premium to the Policy value in accordance with the "right to        
examine"  rules in your state  within two  Business  Days after the later of the
date  we  receive  your  application  or your  premium.  If the  application  is
incomplete  or  otherwise  not in good  order,  we will  contact you within five
Business  Days to explain the delay;  at that time we will  refund your  initial
premium  unless you consent to our  retaining it to apply it to your Policy once
all Policy issuance requirements are met.                                       

        The Policy Date is the date two days after we receive  your  application
and initial premium.  It is the date used to determine Policy  Anniversaries and
Policy Years. No Policy will be dated on or after the 29th day of a month.      

        You  can  purchase  a  tax-qualified  Policy  in  connection  with  a in
connection with a number of  arrangements,  including  Section 401(a) pension or
profit-sharing  plans, or an IRA, Roth IRA, SIMPLE IRA, SEP, 403(b) (TSAs),  and
457  deferred  compensation  plans,  subject  to certain  limitations.  See this
prospectus'  FEDERAL TAX MATTERS  section for details.  Call us if to see if the
Policy may be issued as part of other kinds of plans or arrangements.           

o       APPLICATION IN GOOD ORDER                                               
        All application questions must be answered,  but particularly note these
requirements:                                                   
          o    The  Owner's  and the  Annuitant's  full  name,  Social  Security
number, and date of birth must be included.       
          o    Be  certain  you  identify  both an  Owner's  Beneficiary  and an
               Annuitant's Beneficiary,  as they have different rights under the
               Policy, and failure to name an Owner's Beneficiary will cause any
               death  benefit  payable upon the Owner's  death to be paid to the
Owner's estate.                                   
          o    Your  premium   allocations  must  be  completed,   be  in  whole
percentages, and total 100%.                      
o    Initial premium must meet minimum premium requirements.
          o    Your  signature  and  your  agent's  signature  must  be  on  the
application.                                      
          o    Identify  the type of plan,  whether  it is  nonqualified  or, if
qualified, the type of qualified plan.            
       o    City, state and date application was signed must be completed.
          o    If you  have  one,  give us your  e-mail  address  to  facilitate
        receiving updated Policy information by internet delivery.
          o    There may be forms in addition to the application required by law
               or regulation, especially when a qualified plan or replacement is
involved.                                         
         o    Your agent must be both properly licensed and appointed with us.

o       PREMIUM REQUIREMENTS                                                    
        Your  premium  checks  should be made  payable to "First  Ameritas  Life
Insurance  Corp.  of New York." We may  postpone  crediting  any payment made by
check to your  Policy  value  until  the check has been  honored  by your  bank.
Payment by certified check,  banker's draft, or cashier's check will be promptly
applied.  Under our electronic fund transfer  program,  you may select a monthly
payment schedule for us to automatically  deduct premiums from your bank account
or other  sources.  Total  premiums for all annuities  held with us for the same
Annuitant may not exceed $1 million without our consent.                        

INITIAL PREMIUM                                                 
o    The only premium required. All others are optional.    
          o    Must be at least  $25,000.  We have the  right  to  change  these
               premium requirements,  and to accept a smaller initial premium if
               payments are  established  as part of a regularly  billed program
               (electronic funds transfer,  payroll deduction,  etc.) or as part
of a tax-qualified plan.                          

ADDITIONAL PREMIUMS                                             
          o    Must be at least $1,000;  $50 if payments are established as part
               of a regularly billed program (electronic funds transfer, payroll
               deduction,  etc.) or a  tax-qualified  plan. We have the right to
change these premium requirements.                
          o    Will not be accepted, without our approval, on or after the later
               of (i) the Policy  Anniversary  following your or the Annuitant's
85th birthday or (ii) the Annuity Date.           

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 10 -

P-->N-4/A14thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust14th
o       ALLOCATING YOUR PREMIUMS                                                
        You must allocate your premiums among the variable investment options or
the Fixed Account fixed interest rate option. Initial allocations in your Policy
application  will  be  used  for  additional  premiums  until  you  change  your
allocation.  If you do not  specify  any  allocation,  we will not  accept  your
premium.                                                                        

o Allocations must be in whole percentages, and total 100%.       
       o You may change your  allocation by sending us Written Notice or through
         an authorized telephone transaction.  The change will apply to premiums
         received  on or after  the  date we  receive  your  Written  Notice  or
authorized telephone transaction.                             
       o All premiums will be allocated  pursuant to your instructions on record
         with us,  except  your  initial  premium  and any  additional  premiums
         received  during your Policy's "right to examine" period may be subject
to special requirements.                                      

"RIGHT TO EXAMINE" PERIOD ALLOCATIONS                           
        RETURN OF VALUE STATE. Because New York permits us to refund your Policy
value upon your cancellation of the Policy during the "right to examine" period,
we will  allocate  your initial  premium to your  selected  variable  investment
options on the date of issue of the Policy.                                     

|_|     YOUR POLICY VALUE                                                       

        On your  Policy's  date of issue,  the Policy  value  equals the initial
premium  less any charge for  applicable  premium  taxes.  On any  Business  Day
thereafter,  the  Policy  value  equals  the sum of the  values in the  Separate
Account variable  investment options and the Fixed Account.  The Policy value is
expected to change  from day to day,  reflecting  the  expenses  and  investment
experience of the selected variable  investment  options (and interest earned in
the Fixed Account options) as well as the deductions for fees under the Policy. 

o       SEPARATE ACCOUNT VALUE                                                  
        Premiums or transfers  allocated to  Subaccounts  are  accounted  for in
Accumulation Units. The Policy value held in the Separate Account Subaccounts on
any Business Day is determined by  multiplying  each  Subaccount's  Accumulation
Unit value by the number of  Subaccount  units  allocated  to the  Policy.  Each
Subaccount's  Accumulation  Unit value is calculated at the end of each Business
Day as follows:                                                                 

          (a)   the net asset value of the Subaccount's  underlying portfolio as
                of the end of the  current  Business  Day plus any  dividend  or
                capital gain distribution  declared and unpaid by the underlying
                portfolio  during that Business Day,  times the number of shares
                held by the Subaccount, before the purchase or redemption of any
shares on that date; minus                      
(b)   the daily administrative expense fee; minus           
          (c)   the daily mortality and  expense  risk charge;  and  this result
divided by                                      
          (d)   the total number of Accumulation Units held in the Subaccount on
                the  Business  Day  before the  purchase  or  redemption  of any
Accumulation Units on that day.                 

        When  transactions  are made to or from a Subaccount,  the actual dollar
amounts are converted to Accumulation  Units.  The number of Accumulation  Units
for a transaction  is found by dividing the dollar amount of the  transaction by
the Accumulation Unit value on the Business Day the transaction is made.        

o       FIXED ACCOUNT VALUE                                                     
        The  Policy  value  of  the  Fixed  Account  (the  fixed  interest  rate
investment option) on any Business Day equals:                                  
          (a)  the Policy value of the Fixed Account at the end of the preceding
Policy month; plus                                
          (b)  any net premiums  credited  since the end of the previous  Policy
month; plus                                       
          (c)  any transfers from the Subaccounts  credited to the Fixed Account
since the end of the previous Policy month; minus 
          (d)  any  transfers  and  transfer  fee from the Fixed  Account to the
           Subaccounts since the end of the previous Policy month; minus
          (e)  any partial withdrawal taken from the Fixed Account since the end
of the previous Policy month; minus               
          (f)  the Fixed  Account's share of the annual Policy fee on the Policy
Anniversary, plus                                 
(g)  interest credited on the Fixed Account balance.        

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 11 -

P-->N-4/A15thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust15th
|_|     TELEPHONE TRANSACTIONS                                                  
TELEPHONE TRANSACTIONS PERMITTED                                                
o   Transfers.                                                                  
o Establish systematic transfer programs. o Change of premium allocations.      

HOW TO AUTHORIZE TELEPHONE TRANSACTIONS                                         
o  Upon your authorization on the Policy application                            
   or in Written Notice to us, you, your  registered  representative  or a third
   person named by you may do telephone  transactions  on your behalf.  You bear
the risk of the accuracy of any designated person's instructions to us.   

TELEPHONE TRANSACTION RULES:                                                    
o  Must be received by close of the New York Stock Exchange  ("NYSE") (usually 3
   p.m.  Central Time); if later, the transaction will be processed the next day
the NYSE is open.                                                         
o  will be recorded for your protection.                                        
o  For security, you or your authorized designee must provide your Social       
Security number and/or other identification information.                  
o  May be discontinued at any time as to some or all Owners.                    
We are not liable for following telephone transaction  instruction we reasonably
believe to be genuine.                                                          

|_|     DELAY OF PAYMENTS                                                       

        We will usually pay any amounts from the Separate Account requested as a
partial withdrawal or cash surrender within 7 days after we receive your Written
Notice.  We can postpone such payments or any transfers out of a Subaccount  if:
(i) the NYSE is closed for other than  customary  weekend and holiday  closings;
(ii) trading on the NYSE is restricted;  (iii) an emergency exists as determined
by the SEC, as a result of which it is not  reasonably  practical  to dispose of
securities, or not reasonably practical to determine the value of the net assets
of the Separate  Account;  or (iv) the SEC permits  delay for the  protection of
security holders.  The applicable rules of the SEC will govern as to whether the
conditions in (iii) or (iv) exist.                                              

        We may defer  payments of partial  withdrawals  or a cash surrender from
the Fixed  Account  for up to 6 months  from the date we  receive  your  Written
Notice.                                                                         

|_|     BENEFICIARY                                                             

        You  may  change  Policy   beneficiary(ies)   (Owner's  Beneficiary  and
Annuitant's  Beneficiary)  by  sending  Written  Notice to us,  unless the named
beneficiary is irrevocable.  Once we record and  acknowledge  the change,  it is
effective  as of the date you signed the  Written  Notice.  The change  will not
apply to any payments made or other action taken by us before recording.  If the
named  beneficiary is irrevocable you may change the named  beneficiary  only by
Written  Notice signed by both you and the  beneficiary.  If more than one named
beneficiary is  designated,  and you fail to specify their  interest,  they will
share equally.                                                                  

        If there are joint Owners,  the surviving joint Owner will be deemed the
Owner's Beneficiary, and the Owner's Beneficiary named in the Policy application
or subsequently  changed will be deemed the contingent Owner's  Beneficiary.  If
both joint Owners die  simultaneously  and, any death benefit payable because of
an Owner's death will be paid to the contingent Owner's Beneficiary.            

        If the Owner's  Beneficiary  is your  surviving  spouse,  the spouse may
elect either to receive the death benefit payable upon your death, in which case
the Policy will terminate, or to continue the Policy in force with the spouse as
Owner.                                                                          

        If there is no named Owner's Beneficiary or Annuitant's Beneficiary,  an
either  dies before you,  then you or your estate is the  Beneficiary  until you
name a new Beneficiary.  If you have either a named  Annuitant's  Beneficiary or
Owner's  Beneficiary,  but not  both,  we will  presume  you  intend  the  named
person(s) or legal entity to serve both beneficiary roles.                      

        The Owner's Beneficiary assumes ownership of the Policy upon the Owner's
death, and also then receives  distribution of Policy assets pursuant to federal
tax requirements. The Annuitant's Beneficiary receives the death benefit payable
upon the Annuitant's death.                                                     

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 12 -

P-->N-4/A16thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust16th
|_|     MINOR OWNER OR BENEFICIARY                                              

        A minor may not own the  Policy  solely in the  minor's  name and cannot
receive payments directly as a Policy beneficiary. Contrary to common belief, in
most states  parental  status does NOT  automatically  give parents the power to
provide an adequate release to us to make beneficiary payments to the parent for
the minor's  benefit.  A minor can "own" a Policy through the trustee of a trust
established  for the minor's  benefit,  or through  the minor's  named and court
appointed  guardian,  who owns the Policy in his or her  capacity  as trustee or
guardian.  Where a minor is a named beneficiary,  we are able to pay the minor's
beneficiary payments to the minor's trustee or guardian. Some states allow us to
make such payments up to a limited amount  directly to parents.  Parents seeking
to have a minor's  interest  made  payable to them for the  minor's  benefit are
encouraged  to check with  their  local  court to  determine  the  process to be
appointed as the minor's guardian; it is often a very simple process that can be
accomplished  without  the  assistance  of an  attorney.  If  there  is no adult
representative  able to give us an  adequate  release for payment of the minor's
beneficiary  interest,  we will retain the minor's interest on deposit until the
minor attains the age of majority.                                              

|_|     POLICY CHANGES                                                          

        Any change to your Policy is only  effective if on a form  acceptable to
us, and then only once it is received at our Service  Office and recorded on our
records.  Information  on how to contact us to  determine  what  information  is
needed and where you can get various  forms for Policy  changes is shown on this
Prospectus' first two pages and last page.                                      

|_|     POLICY TERMINATION                                                      

        We may treat any partial  withdrawal  that leaves a Policy value of less
than $1,000 as a complete  surrender of the Policy.  See this prospectus' POLICY
DISTRIBUTIONS: WITHDRAWALS section for more information.                        

        If you have paid no premiums  during the previous  36-month  period,  we
have the  right to pay you the  total  value  of your  Policy  in a lump sum and
cancel the Policy if (i) the Policy value is less than $1,000 (does not apply to
IRAs), or (ii) the paid-up  life-time income annuity benefit at maturity,  based
on an accumulation  of the Policy value to maturity,  would be less than $20 per
month. We will not impose a withdrawal charge on involuntary terminations.      

|_|     X OPTIONAL FEATURES                                                     

        This  Policy  allows  you  the  opportunity  to  select,  and pay for an
optional  feature.  This optional  feature is currently only available at Policy
issue,  and is only  available if you and the  Annuitant are then not older than
age 70. The optional feature is principally  described in the prospectus section
noted below:                                                                    

OPTIONAL FEATURE                          PROSPECTUS SECTION WHERE IT IS COVERED
X Optional Guaranteed Minimum                                                   
   Death Benefit features                POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS:  Death Benefits
Charges  for the  optional  feature  are shown in this  prospectus'  FEE  TABLES
section.                                                                        

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 13 -

P-->N-4/A17thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust17th
INVESTMENT OPTIONS                                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE VALUE OF YOUR POLICY WILL GO UP OR DOWN BASED ON THE INVESTMENT  PERFORMANCE
OF THE VARIABLE  INVESTMENT  OPTIONS YOU CHOOSE.  The investment results of each
variable  investment  option are likely to differ  significantly,  and vary over
time. They do not earn a fixed interest rate. Please consider carefully,  and on
a continuing basis, which investment options best suit your long-term investment
objectives and risk tolerance.                                                  

    We recognize you have very personal  goals and  investment  strategies.  The
Policy  allows  you to choose  from a wide  array of  investment  options - each
chosen for its potential to meet specific investment objectives.                

    You may allocate all or a part of your  premiums  among 30 Separate  Account
variable  investment  options or the Fixed Account  fixed  interest rate option.
Allocations must be in whole percentages and total 100%. The variable           
investment  options,  which  invest in  underlying  portfolios,  are  listed and
described in APPENDIX A to this prospectus.                                     

|_| SEPARATE  ACCOUNT  VARIABLE  INVESTMENT  OPTIONS  (ALSO SEE  APPENDIX A)    
     THE UNDERLYING  PORTFOLIOS IN THE SEPARATE  ACCOUNT ARE NOT PUBLICLY TRADED
MUTUAL FUNDS,  AND ARE NOT THE SAME AS OTHER  PUBLICLY  TRADED MUTUAL FUNDS WITH
VERY  SIMILAR OR NEARLY  IDENTICAL  NAMES.  They are only  available as separate
account  subaccount  investment  options in life insurance  policies or variable
annuity  policies  issued by  insurance  companies,  or in some  cases,  through
participation  in certain  qualified  pension or retirement  plans.             
     Even  if  the  investment   objectives  and  policies  of  some  underlying
portfolios  available  under the  Policy may be very  similar to the  investment
objectives  and  policies of  publicly  traded  mutual  funds that are or may be
managed by the same investment  adviser or manager,  the investment  performance
and results of the portfolios  available under the Policy may vary significantly
from the investment results of such other publicly traded mutual funds.         
     You should read the  prospectuses  for the underlying  portfolios  together
with this Policy prospectus for more information.                               

     The Separate Account provides you with variable  investment  options in the
form of  underlying  portfolio  investments.  Each  underlying  portfolio  is an
open-end  investment  management  company.  When you allocate  investments to an
underlying  portfolio,  those  investments  are  placed in a  Subaccount  of the
Separate  Account  corresponding  to that portfolio,  and the Subaccount in turn
invests in the portfolio.  The Policy value of your Policy  depends  directly on
the investment performance of the portfolios that you select.                   

     The Separate Account is registered with the SEC as a unit investment trust.
However,  the SEC does not supervise the management or the investment  practices
or policies of the Separate Account or First Ameritas.  The Separate Account was
established  as a separate  investment  account of First Ameritas under New York
law on March 21, 2000.  Under New York law, we own the Separate  Account assets,
but they are held  separately from our other assets and are not charged with any
liability  or  credited  with any gain of  business  unrelated  to the  Separate
Account.  Any and all  distributions  made by the  underlying  portfolios,  with
respect  to the shares  held by the  Separate  Account,  will be  reinvested  in
additional  shares at net asset value. We are responsible to you for meeting the
obligations of the Policy, but we do not guarantee the investment performance of
any of the variable investment options'  underlying  portfolios.  We do not make
any representations about their future performance.                             

YOU BEAR THE RISK THAT THE VARIABLE INVESTMENT OPTIONS YOU SELECT MAY 
FAIL TO MEET THEIR OBJECTIVES, THAT THEY COULD GO DOWN IN VALUE,
AND THAT YOU COULD LOSE PRINCIPAL.

    Each Subaccount underlying portfolio operates as a separate investment fund,
and the  income  or  losses of one  generally  has no  effect on the  investment
performance  of any other.  Complete  descriptions  of each variable  investment
option's investment  objectives and restrictions and other material  information
related to an investment in the variable  investment option are contained in the
prospectuses for each of the series funds which accompany this prospectus.      

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 14 -

P-->N-4/A18thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust18th
o       ADDING, DELETING, OR SUBSTITUTING VARIABLE INVESTMENT OPTIONS           
        We do not control the Subaccounts'  underlying portfolios,  so we cannot
guarantee  that any of the  portfolios  will always be available.  We retain the
right to change the  investments of the Separate  Account,  and to eliminate the
shares of any Subaccount  underlying  portfolio and substitute shares of another
series fund portfolio.  If the shares of the underlying  portfolio are no longer
available for  investment  or if, in our  judgment,  investment in the portfolio
would be inappropriate in view of the purposes of the Separate Account,  we will
first notify you and receive any necessary SEC and state approval  before making
such a change.                                                                  

        New Separate  Account  underlying  portfolios may be added,  or existing
funds eliminated, when, in our sole discretion,  conditions warrant a change. If
a  portfolio  is  eliminated,  we will ask you to  reallocate  any amount in the
eliminated  portfolio.   If  you  do  not  reallocate  these  amounts,  we  will
automatically reinvest them in the Ameritas Money Market portfolio.             

        If we make a portfolio  substitution or change, we may change the Policy
to reflect the substitution or change.  Our Separate Account may be (i) operated
as an  investment  management  company or any other form  permitted by law, (ii)
deregistered  with  the SEC if  registration  is no  longer  required,  or (iii)
combined with one or more other separate  accounts.  To the extent  permitted by
law, we also may transfer assets of the Separate Account to other accounts.     

|_|     FIXED ACCOUNT FIXED INTEREST RATE OPTION                                
ALL AMOUNTS ALLOCATED TO THE FIXED ACCOUNT BECOME ASSETS OF OUR GENERAL ACCOUNT.
INTEREST IN THE GENERAL ACCOUNT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITHE THE SEC AND IS NOT
SUBJECT  TO  SEC  REGULATION,  NOR  IS  THE  GENERAL  ACCOUNT  REGISTERED  AS AN
INVESTMENT COMPANY WITH THE SEC. THEREFOR, SEC STAFF HAVE NOT REVIEWED THE FIXED
ACCOUNT DISCLOSURES IN THIS PROSPECTUS.                                         

     There is one fixed  interest rate option ("Fixed  Account"),  where we bear
the  investment  risk. We guarantee  that you will earn a minimum  interest rate
that will  yield at least 3% per year,  compounded  annually.  We may  declare a
higher  current  interest  rate.  Whatever  interest  rate  we  declare  will be
guaranteed  for the  Policy  Year.  However,  you bear the risk that we will not
credit more  interest than will yield the minimum  guaranteed  rate per year for
the life of the Policy. We have sole discretion over how assets allocated to the
Fixed Account are invested,  and we bear the risk that those assets will perform
better or worse than the amount of interest we have declared.  The focus of this
prospectus  is to disclose  the  Separate  Account  aspects of the  Policy.  For
additional details regarding the Fixed Account, read the Policy.                

|_|     TRANSFERS                                                               

        The  Policy  is  designed  for  long-term  investment,  not for use with
professional "market timing" services or use with programmed,  large or frequent
transfers.  Excessive  transfers  could  harm  other  Policy  Owners by having a
detrimental effect on investment portfolio  management.  We reserve the right to
reject any specific premium  allocation or transfer request,  if in the judgment
of a Subaccount  portfolio fund advisor, a Subaccount  portfolio would be unable
to invest effectively in accordance with its investment objectives and policies,
or if Policy owners would otherwise potentially be adversely affected.          

         Subject to restrictions  during the "right to examine period" and prior
to the Annuity  Date,  you may  transfer  Policy  value from one  Subaccount  to
another,  from the  Separate  Account  to the Fixed  Account,  or from the Fixed
Account to any Subaccount, subject to these rules:                              

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 15 -

P-->N-4/A19thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust19th
TRANSFER RULES:                                                 
       o A transfer is considered  any single request to move assets from one or
         more  Subaccounts  or the  Fixed  Account  to one or more of the  other
Subaccounts or the Fixed Account.                             
       o We must receive  notice of the  transfer-  either  Written  Notice,  an
  authorized telephone transaction, or by internet when available.
       o The transferred  amount must be at least $250, or the entire Subaccount
         or Fixed Account value if it is less. (If the value  remaining  after a
         transfer  will be less the $250 in a  Subaccount  or $100 in the  Fixed
Account, we will include that amount as part of the transfer.)
          -    If the Dollar Cost Averaging systematic transfer program is used,
               then the minimum transfer amount out of a Subaccount or the Fixed
               Account is the lesser of $100 or the balance in the Subaccount or
               Fixed Account. Under this program, the maximum amount that may be
               transferred  from the Fixed  Account  each month is 1/36th of the
               value of the Fixed Account at the time the Dollar Cost  Averaging
               program is established.  While a Dollar Cost Averaging program is
               in  effect,  elective  transfers  out of the  Fixed  Account  are
prohibited.                                       
          -    The Portfolio  Rebalancing and Earnings Sweep systematic transfer
programs have no minimum transfer limits.         
       o The first 15 transfers each Policy Year from one  investment  option to
         another are free. Thereafter,  transfers may result in a $10 charge for
         each  transfer.  This fee is deducted on a pro-rata basis from balances
         in all Subaccounts and the Fixed Account, so is not subtracted from the
         amount of the transfer. Transfers under any systematic transfer program
DO count toward the 15 free transfer limit.                   
       o A  transfer  from  the  Fixed  Account   (except  made  pursuant  to  a
systematic transfer program):                                 
-    may be made only once each Policy Year;                
-    may be delayed up to six months;                       
-    is limited during any Policy Year to the greater of:   
               -    25% of the Fixed  account  value on the date of the  initial
transfer during that year;              
               -    the greatest amount of any similar transfer out of the Fixed
 Account during the previous 13 months; or
-    $1,000.                                      

       o We  reserve  the  right  to  limit  transfers,  or to  modify  transfer
         privileges,  and we reserve the right to change the  transfer  rules at
any time.                                                     
       o If the  Policy  value  in  any  Subaccount  falls  below  $250,  we may
         transfer the remaining  balance,  without charge, to the Ameritas Money
Market portfolio.                                             

|_|     THIRD-PARTY SERVICES                                                    

        Where   permitted  and  subject  to  our  rules,   we  may  accept  your
authorization  to have a third  party  (such  as your  sales  representative  or
someone else you name)  exercise  transfers or  investment  allocations  on your
behalf.  Third-party  transfers and allocations are subject to the same rules as
all  other  transfers  and  allocations.  You  can  make  this  election  on the
application  or by  sending us Written  Notice.  Please  note that any person or
entity you authorize to make transfers or allocations on your behalf,  including
any investment advisory,  asset allocation,  money management or timing service,
does so independently from any agency relationship they may have with us for the
sale of the Policies.  They are  accountable  to you alone for such transfers or
allocations.  We are not  responsible  for such transfers or allocations on your
behalf, or recommendations to you, by such third-party  services.  You should be
aware that fees  charged by such  third-party  services  for their  service  are
separate from and in addition to fees paid under the Policy.                    

|_|     SYSTEMATIC TRANSFER PROGRAMS                                            

Systematic  Transfer  Programs  are  intended to result in the  purchase of more
Accumulation  Units when a  portfolio's  value is low,  and fewer units when its
value is high. However, there is no guarantee that such a program will result in
a higher Policy value, protect against a loss, or otherwise be successful.      

O       DOLLAR COST AVERAGING PROGRAM                                           
     Dollar Cost Averaging allows you to automatically  transfer,  on a periodic
basis,  a set  dollar  amount  or  percentage  from the  Ameritas  Money  Market
Subaccount or the Fixed Account to any other Subaccount(s) or the Fixed Account.
Requested  percentages  are converted to a dollar  amount.  You can begin Dollar
Cost  Averaging  when you  purchase  the Policy or later.  You can  increase  or
decrease the amount or percentage of transfers or discontinue the program at any
time.                                                                           

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 16 -

P-->N-4/A20thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust20th
DOLLAR COST AVERAGING RULES:                                    
    o There is no additional charge for the Dollar Cost Averaging program.
       o We must receive  notice of your election and any changed  instruction -
         either Written  Notice,  by telephone  transaction  instruction,  or by
internet when available..                                     
o Automatic transfers can only occur monthly.                     
       o The minimum  transfer amount out of the Ameritas Money Market portfolio
         or the  Fixed  Account  is the  lesser  of $250 or the  balance  in the
         Subaccount or Fixed  Account.  Under this program,  the maximum  amount
         that may be transferred  from the Fixed Account each month is 1/36th of
         the  Fixed  Account  value  at  the  time  Dollar  Cost   Averaging  is
         established.  While a  Dollar  Cost  Averaging  program  is in  effect,
         elective transfers out of the Fixed Account are prohibited. There is no
         maximum   transfer   amount   limitation   applicable  to  any  of  the
Subaccounts.                                                  
      o Dollar Cost Averaging program transfers cannot begin before the end of
a Policy's "right to examine"  period.                        
      o You may specify that transfers be made on the 1st through the 28th day
      of the month.  Transfers will be made on the date you specify (or if
        that is not a Business  Day, then on the next Business Day). If you do
    not select a date, the program will begin on the next Policy month
         anniversary  following  the date the Policy's "right to examine" period
ends.                                                         
       o You can limit the  number of  transfers  to be made,  in which case the
         program will end when that number has been made. Otherwise, the program
         will terminate  when the amount  remaining in the Ameritas Money Market
portfolio or the Fixed Account is less than $100.             

         The Dollar Cost Averaging  program does not protect  against a loss and
may not achieve your investment goal.                                           

O       PORTFOLIO REBALANCING PROGRAM                                           
        The Portfolio  Rebalancing  program  allows you to rebalance your Policy
value among  designated  Subaccounts  only as you instruct.  You may change your
rebalancing  allocation  instructions  at any time. Any change will be effective
when the next rebalancing occurs.                                               

PORTFOLIO REBALANCING PROGRAM RULES:                            
   o  There is no additional charge for the Portfolio Rebalancing program.
o  The Fixed Account is excluded from this program.                 
      o  You must  request the  rebalancing  program,  give us your  rebalancing
         instructions,  or request to end this program either by Written Notice,
      by telephone transaction instruction, or by internet when available.
   o  You may have rebalancing occur quarterly, semi-annually or annually.

        The Portfolio  Rebalancing  program does not protect  against a loss and
may not achieve your investment goal.                                           

O       EARNINGS SWEEP PROGRAM                                                  
        The Earnings  Sweep program  allows you to rebalance  earnings from your
Subaccounts  among  designated  investment  options  (Subaccounts  or the  Fixed
Account),  either  based on your  original  Policy  allocation  of  premiums  or
pursuant to new  allocation  instructions.  You may change your  Earnings  Sweep
program  rebalancing  allocation  instructions  at any time.  Any change will be
effective when the next rebalancing occurs.                                     

EARNINGS SWEEP PROGRAM RULES:                                   
 o There is no additional  charge for the Earnings Sweep  program.
o The Fixed Account is included in this program.                
        o You must request the Earnings Sweep program,  give us your rebalancing
          instructions, or request to end this program either by Written Notice,
        by telephone transaction instruction, or by internet when available.
        o You may have your  earnings  rebalanced  quarterly,  semi-annually  or
annually.                                                   

        The Earnings  Sweep program does not protect  against a loss and may not
achieve your investment goal.                                                   

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 17 -

P-->N-4/A21stPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust21st
FEES                           (> = BASE POLICY FEE;  X = OPTIONAL FEATURE FEE) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        The following repeats and adds to information provided in the FEE TABLES
section. Please review both prospectus sections for information on fees.        

|_|     WITHDRAWAL CHARGE - NONE                                                
|_|     MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGE                                       

         > We impose a daily fee to  compensate us for the mortality and expense
risks we have under the Policy.  This fee is equal to an annual rate of 1.25% of
the value of the net assets in the  Separate  Account.  This fee is reflected in
the Accumulation Unit values for each Subaccount.                               

        Our MORTALITY RISK arises from our  obligation to make annuity  payments
and to pay death  benefits  prior to the Annuity  Date.  The  mortality  risk we
assume is that  annuitants  will live  longer  than we  project,  so our cost in
making annuity payments will be higher than projected.  However,  an Annuitant's
own longevity,  or improvement in general life  expectancy,  will not affect the
periodic  annuity payments we pay under your Policy.  Another  mortality risk we
assume is that at your  death the death  benefit  we pay will  greater  than the
Policy value.                                                                   

        Our EXPENSE RISK is that our costs to administer your Policy will exceed
the amount we collect through administrative charges.                           

        If the  mortality  and expense risk charge does not cover our costs,  we
bear the loss,  not you.  If the charge  exceeds  our  costs,  the excess is our
profit. If the withdrawal charge does not cover our Policy  distribution  costs,
the  deficiency  is met from our  general  account  assets,  which  may  include
amounts, if any, derived from this mortality and expense risk charge.           

|_|     ADMINISTRATIVE FEES                                                     

     Administrative fees help us cover our cost to administer your Policy.

ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE FEE                                      
         > This fee is equal to an annual  rate of 0.15% of the value of the net
assets in the Separate  Account.  This fee is reflected in the Accumulation Unit
values for each Subaccount.                                                     

ANNUAL POLICY FEE                                               
         >  Currently  $36. We reserve the right to charge an annual  Policy fee
not to exceed $40.                                                              

        Any Policy Fee is deducted  from your Policy value on the last  Business
Day of each  Policy  Year and upon a complete  surrender.  This fee is levied by
canceling  Accumulation  Units.  It is deducted from each Subaccount in the same
proportion that the value in each Subaccount  bears to the total Policy value in
the Separate  Account.  We currently waive any Policy Fee if the Policy value is
at least $50,000.                                                               

|_|     TRANSFER FEE                                                            

         > The first 15 transfers per Policy Year from  Subaccounts or the Fixed
Account  are free.  A transfer  fee of $10 may be imposed  for any  transfer  in
excess of 15 per Policy  Year.  The  transfer fee is deducted pro rata from each
Subaccount  (and,  if  applicable,  the  Fixed  Account)  in which  the Owner is
invested.                                                                       

|_|     TAX CHARGES                                                             

        New York currently  does not level any premium tax on annuity  policies.
No charges are currently made for taxes other than premium taxes. We reserve the
right to levy  charges  in the future for taxes or other  costs  resulting  from
taxes that we determine are properly attributable to the Separate Account.      

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 18 -

P-->N-4/A22ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust22nd
|_|     FEES CHARGED BY THE PORTFOLIOS                                          

         > Each Subaccount's  underlying  portfolio has investment advisory fees
and  expenses.  They are set forth in this  prospectus'  FEE TABLE  section  and
described  in more  detail in each fund's  prospectus.  A  portfolio's  fees and
expenses are not deducted from your Policy value. Instead, they are reflected in
the daily  value of  portfolio  shares  which,  in turn,  will  affect the daily
Accumulation Unit value of the Subaccounts.  These fees and expenses help to pay
the portfolio's investment adviser and operating expenses.                      

|_|     OPTIONAL FEATURE'S FEES                                                 

        X The  optional  feature  is  principally  described  in the  prospectus
section noted below:                                                            

OPTIONAL FEATURE                          PROSPECTUS SECTION WHERE IT IS COVERED
X Optional Guaranteed Minimum                                                   
    Death Benefit features POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS:  Death Benefits Charges for the
optional feature are shown in this prospectus' FEE TABLES section.              

------------------------                                                        
WAIVER OF CERTAIN FEES                                                          
        When the Policy is sold in a manner that  results in savings of sales or
administrative expenses, we reserve the right to waive all or part of any fee we
charge (excluding fees charged by the portfolios)  under the Policy.  Factors we
consider  include one or more of the  following:  size and type of group to whom
the  Policy  is  issued;  amount  of  expected  premiums;  relationship  with us
(employee of us or an  affiliated  company,  receiving  distributions  or making
transfers from other policies we or one of our affiliates  issue or transferring
amounts  held  under  qualified  retirement  plans  we or one of our  affiliates
sponsor);  type and frequency of administrative and sales services provided;  or
level of annual maintenance fee.                                                
        Any fee waiver will not be discriminatory  and will be done according to
our rules in effect at the time the  Policy is issued.  We reserve  the right to
change  these  rules.  The  right to waive  any  fees  may be  subject  to state
approval.                                                                       

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 19 -

P-->N-4/A23rdPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust23rd
POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS                               ( X = OPTIONAL FEATURE)      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        There are  several  ways to take all or part of your  investment  out of
your  Policy,  both  before  and after  the  Annuity  Date.  Tax  penalties  and
withdrawal  charges  may apply to amounts  taken out of your  Policy  before the
Annuity  Date.  Your Policy also  provides a death  benefit  (including,  for an
additional  charge, an optional feature  guaranteed  minimum death benefit) that
may be paid upon your death  prior to the Annuity  Date.  All or part of a death
benefit may be taxable.                                                         

|_|     WITHDRAWALS                                                             
Withdrawals may be subject to:                                                  
-   Income Tax                                                          
-   Penalty Tax                                                         

    You may  withdraw,  by Written  Notice,  all or part of your  Policy's  Cash
Surrender  Value prior to the Annuity  Date.  Following a full  surrender of the
Policy,  or at any time the Policy value is zero,  all your rights in the Policy
end. Total surrender requires you to return your Policy to us.                  

Earnings are deemed to be withdrawn before any premium.                 

WITHDRAWAL RULES                                                
       o Withdrawals  must be by  Written  Notice.  A request  for a  systematic
         withdrawal  plan  must be on our form and must  specify  a date for the
         first  payment,  which must be at least 30 days  after we  receive  the
form.                                                         
o Minimum withdrawal is $250 from any investment option.          
       o We may treat any partial  withdrawal that leaves a Policy value of less
than $1,000 as a complete surrender of the Policy.            
       o Withdrawal  results in  cancellation  of  Accumulation  Units from each
         applicable  Subaccount  and  deduction  of Policy  value from any Fixed
         Account  option  in the ratio  that the  value of each such  investment
         option bears to the Policy value (i.e.,  pro rata from each  applicable
         investment option). If you do not specify which investment option(s) to
         take the withdrawal from, it will be taken from each investment  option
         in the proportion that the Policy value in each investment option bears
to the total Policy value.                                    
       o The  total  amount  paid to you  upon  total  surrender  of the  Policy
         (taking any prior  partial  withdrawals  into account) may be less than
         the total premiums made,  because you bear the investment  risk for all
amounts you allocate to the Separate Account.                 
       o Unless  you  give  us  Written  Notice  not to  withhold  taxes  from a
         withdrawal,  we must withhold 10% of the taxable amount withdrawn to be
         paid as a federal tax, as well as any amounts required by state laws to
be withheld for state income taxes.                           

o       SYSTEMATIC WITHDRAWAL PLAN                                              
        The  systematic  withdrawal  plan allows you to  automatically  withdraw
payments of a  pre-determined  dollar amount or fixed percentage of Policy value
from  a  specified  investment  option  monthly,  quarterly,   semi-annually  or
annually.  We can support and encourage your use of electronic  fund transfer of
systematic  withdrawal  plan payments to an account of yours that you specify to
us. The fixed dollar  amount of  systematic  withdrawals  may be  calculated  in
support of Internal Revenue Service minimum  distribution  requirements over the
lifetime of the Annuitant. No systematic withdrawal may be established after the
28th  of  each  month.   Although  this  plan  mimics  annuity  payments,   each
distribution is a withdrawal that may be taxable;  you may wish to consult a tax
advisor before requesting this plan.                                            

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 20 -

P-->N-4/A24thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust24th
|_| DEATH BENEFITS                                                              

An Annuitant's death benefit is payable upon:                                   
- your Policy being in force;                                               
- receipt of Due Proof of Death of the                                      
Annuitant's death;                                                      
- election of an annuity income option; and                                 
- proof that the Annuitant died before any                                  
annuity payments begin.                                                 

"DUE PROOF OF DEATH" is a  certified  copy of a death  certificate,  a certified
copy of a decree  of a court of  competent  jurisdiction  as to the  finding  of
death,  a written  statement  by the  attending  physician,  or any other  proof
satisfactory to us.                                                             

o ANNUITANT'S DEATH BENEFIT                                                     
  We will pay the Annuitant's  death benefit after we receive Due Proof of Death
of the  last  Annuitant's  death  or as soon  thereafter  as we have  sufficient
information  about  the  Annuitant's  Beneficiary  to make  the  payment.  Death
benefits may be paid pursuant to an annuity  income option to the extent allowed
by applicable law and any settlement  agreement in effect at your death.  If the
Annuitant's  Beneficiary  does not make an annuity income option election within
60 days of our receipt of Due Proof of Death,  we will issue a lump-sum  payment
to the Annuitant's Beneficiary.                                                 

  We will deduct any  applicable  premium tax not  previously  deducted from the
death benefit payable.                                                          

STANDARD ANNUITANT'S DEATH BENEFIT                                          
  Upon the last surviving  Annuitant's death before the Annuity Date, the Policy
will end, and we will pay a death benefit to the named Annuitant's  Beneficiary.
The death benefit equals the largest of:                                        
        -  your  Policy  value on the later of the date we receive  Due Proof of
           Death or an  annuity  payout  option  election  less any  charge  for
applicable premium taxes; or                              
-  the sum of net premiums, less partial withdrawals.           

        If you, a joint Owner, or the last surviving  Annuitant dies on or after
the Annuity Date and before all  proceeds  have been paid,  no death  benefit is
payable,  but any  remaining  proceeds  will be paid to the  designated  annuity
benefit payee based on the annuity income option in effect at the time of death.

X OPTIONAL GUARANTEED MINIMUM DEATH BENEFIT FEATURE             
        You may elect an optional Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit feature,  for
a charge  deducted  monthly from Policy value equal to an annual charge of 0.25%
of Policy value. Your election must be made when the Policy is issued,  and only
if you and the Annuitant are then not older than age 70. Your election cannot be
changed or revoked.  This feature ends at the  Annuitant's age 85. This optional
feature  provides  the  opportunity  to enhance the  Policy's  death  benefit if
Subaccount  underlying  portfolios  should sharply  decrease in value.  See this
prospectus'  FEES and FEE TABLES sections for more information on the charge for
this optional feature.                                                          

X  OPTIONAL "PERIODIC STEP-UP" GUARANTEED MINIMUM DEATH BENEFIT 
        At Policy issue,  the  guaranteed  minimum  death benefit  amount is the
amount of the initial premium.  Thereafter, the guaranteed minimum death benefit
amount for a given Policy Year is equal to the greater of:                      
          (a)  the  Policy  value at the time  Due  Proof of Death  for the last
surviving Annuitant is received,                  
(b)  the sum of premiums paid less withdrawals, or          
          (c)  the Annuitant's death benefit on the Policy  Anniversary when the
most recent death benefit "step-up" occurred.     
The  "step-up"  interval  is  stated  in your  Policy's  schedule  page for this
feature.  For the Annuitant's  attained ages 80-85, the guaranteed minimum death
benefit amount is the guaranteed  minimum death benefit on the Annuitant's  80th
birthday adjusted by adding subsequent premiums paid and subtracting withdrawals
made. After the Annuitant's 85th birthday,  the guaranteed minimum death benefit
is $0, so that the Annuitant's  death benefit is just the standard death benefit
available  under the Policy.  A monthly  charge  from  Policy  value equal to an
annual charge of 0.25% is deducted for this feature.                            

X       IRS REQUIRED DISTRIBUTION UPON DEATH OF OWNER                           
        Upon the Owner's death, the Owner's  Beneficiary  becomes the new Policy
Owner  and  can  determine  how  to  distribute  Policy  value  pursuant  to IRS
requirements.  Until a distribution  election is made,  the Owner's  Beneficiary
controls Policy value (right to make transfers, etc.). Federal law requires that
if your Policy is tax  non-qualified  and you, the Owner, die before the Annuity
Date, then the entire value of your Policy must be distributed within 5 years of
your death. The 5-year rule does not apply to that portion of the proceeds which
(a) is for the benefit of an  individual  Owner's  Beneficiary;  and (b) will be
paid over the lifetime or the life  expectancy  of that Owner's  Beneficiary  as
long as  payments  begin not later than one year  after the date of your  death.
Special rules may apply to your  surviving  spouse.  The Statement of Additional
Information  has a more  detailed  description  of these rules.  Other  required
distribution  rules apply to  tax-qualified  Policies and are  described in this
prospectus' APPENDIX B.                                                         

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 21 -

P-->N-4/A25thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust25th
        If  an  Owner  of  the   Policy  is  a   corporation,   trust  or  other
non-individual,  we treat the primary  Annuitant as an Owner for purposes of the
IRS required distribution. The "primary Annuitant" is that individual whose life
affects the timing or the amount of any death  benefit paid under the Policy.  A
change in the primary Annuitant will be treated as the death an Owner.          

        Any IRS  required  distributions  made  upon  the  Owner's  death  while
withdrawal  charges apply will incur a withdrawal  charge. The withdrawal charge
will be deducted from the amount of each payment made.                          

|_|     ANNUITY INCOME PHASE                                                    
Annuity payments:                                                               
- require investments to be allocated to our                            
general account, so are not variable.                               
- may be taxable and, if premature, subject                             
to a tax penalty                                                    

    A primary function of an annuity  contract,  like this Policy, is to provide
annuity  payments to the Annuitant.  The level of annuity payments is determined
by your Policy value,  the Annuitant's sex (except where  prohibited by law) and
age, and the annuity  income  option  selected.  All or part of your Policy Cash
Surrender Value may be placed under one or more annuity income option.          

    Annuity payments must be made to individuals receiving payments on their own
behalf,  unless  otherwise  agreed to by us. Any annuity  income  option is only
effective  once we acknowledge  it. We may require  initial and ongoing proof of
the Owner's or Annuitant's age or survival.  Unless you specify  otherwise,  the
payee is the Annuitant.                                                         

    Payments under the annuity  income options are FIXED ANNUITY  PAYMENTS based
on a fixed rate of interest at or higher than the minimum  effective annual rate
which is  guaranteed  to yield 3% on an annual  basis.  We have sole  discretion
whether or not to pay a higher interest rate for annuity income options 1, 2, or
3 (see below).  Current  immediate annuity rates for options 4 or 5 for the same
class of annuities are used if higher than the  guaranteed  amounts  (guaranteed
amounts  are based upon the tables  contained  in the  Policy).  The  guaranteed
amounts are based on the 1983 Table "a"  Individual  Annuity Table  projected 17
years,  and an interest rate which is guaranteed to yield 3% on an annual basis.
Current  interest rates, and further  information,  may be obtained from us. The
amount of each fixed annuity  payment is set and begins on the Annuity Date, and
does not change.                                                                

o   WHEN ANNUITY INCOME PAYMENTS BEGIN                                          
    You select the Annuity  Date by  completing  an  election  form that you can
request  from us at any time.  This date may not be any  earlier  than the fifth
Policy  anniversary.  If you do not specify a date, the Annuity Date will be the
later of the Policy  Anniversary  nearest the  Annuitant's  85th birthday or the
fifth Policy Anniversary.  Tax-qualified Policies may require an earlier Annuity
Date.  You may change  this date by sending  Written  Notice for our  receipt at
least 30 days before the then current Annuity Date.                             

The longer the guaranteed or projected  annuity income option period,  the lower
the amount of each annuity payment.                                             

o   SELECTING AN ANNUITY INCOME OPTION                                          
    You choose the annuity income option by completing an election form that you
can request from us at any time. You may change your selection  during your life
by  sending  Written  Notice for our  receipt  at least 30 days  before the date
annuity  payments are  scheduled to begin.  If no selection is made by then,  we
will  apply the Policy  Cash  Surrender  Value to make  annuity  payments  under
annuity income option 4 providing lifetime income payments.                     
    If you die  before  the  Annuity  Date (and the  Policy is in  force),  your
beneficiary  may elect to receive  the death  benefit  under one of the  annuity
income  options  (unless  applicable  law  or  a  settlement  agreement  dictate
otherwise).                                                                     

o   ANNUITY INCOME OPTIONS                                                      
     Once fixed annuity  payments under  an  annuity  income option begin,  they
cannot be changed.  (We may allow the  beneficiary to transfer  amounts  applied
under options 1, 2, or 3 to option 4, 5 or 6 after the Annuity Date. However, we
reserve the right to  discontinue  this  practice.)  When the Annuitant or Owner
dies,  we will pay any unpaid  guaranteed  payments to the payee's  beneficiary.
Upon the last payee's death, we will pay any unpaid guaranteed  payments to that
payee's estate.                                                                 
    NOTE:  UNLESS YOU ELECT AN ANNUITY INCOME OPTION WITH A GUARANTEED PERIOD OR
OPTION 1, IT IS POSSIBLE  THAT ONLY ONE ANNUITY  PAYMENT WOULD BE MADE UNDER THE
ANNUITY  PAYOUT OPTION IF THE  ANNUITANT  DIES BEFORE THE DUE DATE OF THE SECOND
ANNUITY  PAYMENT,  ONLY TWO ANNUITY PAYMENTS WOULD BE MADE IF THE ANNUITANT DIED
BEFORE THE DUE DATE OF THE THIRD                                                

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 22 -

P-->N-4/A26thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust26th
ANNUITY PAYMENT, ETC.                                                           
    Part or all of any annuity payment may be taxable as ordinary income. If, at
the time annuity  payments  begin,  you have not given us Written  Notice to not
withhold  federal  income  taxes,  we must by law  withhold  such taxes from the
taxable  portion of each annuity  payment and remit it to the  Internal  Revenue
Service. (Withholding is mandatory for certain tax-qualified Policies.)         
    We may pay your  Policy  proceeds  to you in one sum if they  are less  than
$1,000,  or when the  annuity  income  option  chosen  would  result in periodic
payments of less than $20. If any annuity  payment would be or becomes less than
$20, we also have the right to change the  frequency  of payments to an interval
that will result in payments of at least $20. In no event will we make  payments
under an annuity option less frequently than annually.                          

The annuity income options are:                                         

(1)  INTEREST  PAYMENT.  While proceeds  remain on deposit,  we annually  credit
     interest to the proceeds. The interest may be paid to the payee or added to
the amount on deposit.                                                

(2)  DESIGNATED AMOUNT ANNUITY.  Proceeds are paid in monthly  installments of a
     specified  amount  over at  least a  5-year  period  until  proceeds,  with
interest, have been fully paid.                                       

(3)  DESIGNATED  PERIOD ANNUITY.  Proceeds are paid in monthly  installments for
     the specified  period chosen.  Monthly incomes for each $1,000 of proceeds,
which include interest, are illustrated by a table in the Policy.     

(4)  LIFETIME  INCOME  ANNUITY.  Proceeds are paid as monthly  income during the
     Annuitant's life.  Variations provide for guaranteed  payments for a period
of time.                                                              

(5)  JOINT AND LAST  SURVIVOR  LIFETIME  INCOME  ANNUITY.  Proceeds  are paid as
     monthly  income  during the joint  Annuitants'  lives and until the last of
them dies.                                                            

(6)  LUMP SUM. Proceeds are paid in one sum.                                    

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 23 -

P-->N-4/A27thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust27th
FEDERAL TAX MATTERS                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        The following discussion is general in nature and is not intended as tax
advice. Each person concerned should consult a competent tax advisor. No attempt
is made to consider any  applicable  state tax or other tax laws,  or to address
any  federal  estate,  or state  and  local  estate,  inheritance  and other tax
consequences  of  ownership  or receipt of  distributions  under a Policy.  This
discussion of federal income tax  consideration  relating to the Policy is based
upon our  understanding of laws as they now exist and are currently  interpreted
by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS").                                        

        When you invest in an annuity contract,  you usually do not pay taxes on
your  investment  gains until you withdraw the money - generally for  retirement
purposes.  If you invest money  (generally on a pre-tax  basis) in an annuity as
part of a pension or  retirement  plan that is subject to  requirements  and may
have additional  benefits under the Internal Revenue Code beyond those generally
applicable to annuities  (e.g.,  "qualified  plan" such as IRAs,  TSAs,  and the
like), your contract is called a "Qualified  Policy." Other annuities,  in which
already  taxed money is invested  (other than as part of a qualified  plan which
can accept after-tax deposits),  are referred to as a "Nonqualified Policy." The
tax  rules  applicable  to  Qualified  Policies  vary  according  to the type of
retirement plan and the terms and conditions of the plan.                       

|_|     TAXATION OF NONQUALIFIED POLICIES                                       

        If a  non-natural  person  (e.g.,  a  corporation  or a  trust)  owns  a
Nonqualified  Policy, the taxpayer generally must include in income any increase
in the excess of the Policy value over the investment in the Policy  (generally,
the  premiums  paid for the  Policy)  during the  taxable  year.  There are some
exceptions  to this rule and a  prospective  owner that is not a natural  person
should discuss these with a tax adviser.                                        

        THE FOLLOWING  DISCUSSION GENERALLY APPLIES TO POLICIES OWNED BY NATURAL
PERSONS.                                                                        

O WITHDRAWALS.  When a withdrawal from a Nonqualified  Policy occurs, the amount
  received  will be treated as  ordinary  income  subject to tax up to an amount
  equal to the  excess  (if any) of the  Policy  value  immediately  before  the
  distribution  over  the  Owner's  investment  in the  Policy  (generally,  the
  premiums  paid for the Policy,  reduced by any amount  previously  distributed
  from the Policy  that was not  subject to tax) at that time.  In the case of a
  surrender under a Nonqualified  Policy,  the amount received generally will be
taxable only to the extent it exceeds the Owner's investment in the Policy. 

o PENALTY  TAX ON  CERTAIN  WITHDRAWALS.  In the case of a  distribution  from a
  Nonqualified  Policy,  there may be imposed a federal tax penalty equal to 10%
  of the amount treated as income. In general,  however,  there is no penalty on
distributions:                                                              
- made on or after the taxpayer  reaches age 59 1/2;                        
- made on or after an Owner's death;                                        
- attributable to the taxpayer's becoming disabled;                         
or                                                                      
  - made as part of a series of  substantially  equal periodic  payments for the
life (or life expectancy) of the taxpayer.                              

  Other  exceptions may be applicable  under certain  circumstances  and special
  rules may be applicable in connection  with the exceptions  enumerated  above.
  You should  consult a tax adviser with regard to  exceptions  from the penalty
tax.                                                                        

o ANNUITY  PAYMENTS.  Although tax consequences may vary depending on the payout
  option elected under an annuity contract, a portion of each annuity payment is
  generally  not  taxed  and the  remainder  is taxed as  ordinary  income.  The
  non-taxable portion of an annuity payment is generally  determined in a manner
  that is designed to allow you to recover your investment in the Policy ratably
  on a  tax-free  basis  over  the  expected  stream  of  annuity  payments,  as
  determined when annuity payments start. Once your investment in the Policy has
  been fully  recovered,  however,  the full amount of each  annuity  payment is
subject to tax as ordinary income.                                          

o TAXATION OF DEATH BENEFIT PROCEEDS. Amounts may be distributed from the Policy
  because of your death or the death of the Annuitant.  Generally,  such amounts
  are  includible in the income of the recipient as follows:  (i) if distributed
  in a lump sum, they are taxed in the same manner as a surrender of the Policy,
  or (ii) if distributed  under an annuity income option,  they are taxed in the
same way as annuity payments.                                               

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 24 -

P-->N-4/A28thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust28th
o TRANSFERS,  ASSIGNMENT  OR EXCHANGES OF A POLICY.  A transfer or assignment of
  ownership of the Policy,  the  designation  of an Annuitant,  the selection of
  certain dates for annuity payments to begin, or the exchange of the Policy may
  result in certain tax  consequences  to you that are not  discussed  here.  An
  Owner contemplating any such transfer, assignment, or exchange, should consult
a tax advisor as to the tax consequences.                                   

o WITHHOLDING.  Annuity  distributions  are generally subject to withholding for
  the recipient's federal income tax liability.  Recipients can generally elect,
however, not to have tax withheld from distributions.                       

o WITHHOLDING FOR NONRESIDENT ALIEN OWNERS. Generally, the amount of any payment
  of interest to a  non-resident  alien of the United States shall be subject to
  withholding  of a tax equal to 30% of such amount or, if  applicable,  a lower
  treaty rate. A payment may not be subject to  withholding  where the recipient
  sufficiently  establishes  that such payment is  effectively  connected to the
  recipient's  conduct  of a trade or  business  in the  United  States and such
payment is included in the recipient's gross income.                        

o MULTIPLE  POLICIES.  All  Non-Qualified  deferred  annuity  contracts that are
  issued by us (or our  affiliates)  to the same Owner during any calendar  year
  are treated as one annuity  contract for purposes of determining the amount of
gain includable in such Owner's income when a taxable distribution occurs.  

o FURTHER  INFORMATION.  We  believe  that the  Policy  qualifies  as an annuity
  contract for Federal income tax purposes and the above  discussion is based on
  that  assumption.  Further details can be found in the Statement of Additional
Information under the heading "Tax Status of the Policy."
|_|     TAXATION OF QUALIFIED POLICIES                                          

        The tax rules  applicable to Qualified  Policies  vary  according to the
type of retirement  plan and the terms and  conditions of the plan.  Your rights
under a  Qualified  Policy may be subject  to the terms of the  retirement  plan
itself,  regardless  of the terms of the Policy.  Adverse tax  consequences  may
result  if  you  do not  ensure  that  contributions,  distributions  and  other
transactions  with respect to the Policy comply with the law. Also, you may wish
to consult a tax and/or financial adviser regarding the use of the Policy within
a qualified or other  retirement  plan, since the purchase of a Policy to fund a
tax-qualified  retirement  account does not provide any  additional tax deferred
treatment  of  earning  beyond  the  treatment  provided  by  the  tax-qualified
retirement  plan  itself.  However,  the Policy does  provide  benefits  such as
lifetime income payments,  family protection through death benefits,  guaranteed
fees and asset allocation models that many retirement plans do not provide.     

o INDIVIDUAL  RETIREMENT  ACCOUNTS  (IRAs),  as defined  in  Section  408 of the
  Internal Revenue Code (Code),  permit individuals to make annual contributions
  of up to  the  lesser  of  $2,000  or  100%  of  adjusted  gross  income.  The
  contributions  may  be  deductible  in  whole  or in  part,  depending  on the
  individual's  income.  Distributions from certain pension plans may be "rolled
  over" into an IRA on a  tax-deferred  basis  without  regard to these  limits.
  Amounts in the IRA (other  than  nondeductible  contributions)  are taxed when
  distributed from the IRA. A 10% penalty tax generally applies to distributions
  made before age 59 1/2, unless certain  exceptions apply. The Internal Revenue
  Service has not addressed in a ruling of general applicability whether a death
  benefit  provision  such as the  optional  guaranteed  minimum  death  benefit
provision(s) in the Policy comports with IRA qualification requirements.    

o ROTH  IRAS,  as  described  in Code  section  408A,  permit  certain  eligible
  individuals to make non-deductible contributions to a Roth IRA in cash or as a
  rollover or transfer  from another  Roth IRA or other IRA. A rollover  from or
  conversion  of an IRA to a Roth  IRA is  generally  subject  to tax and  other
  special  rules  apply.  The Owner may wish to  consult  a tax  adviser  before
  combining  any  converted  amount  with  any  other  Roth  IRA  contributions,
  including  any other  conversion  amounts from other tax years.  Distributions
  from a  Roth  IRA  generally  are  not  taxed,  except  that,  once  aggregate
  distributions  exceed  contributions  to the  Roth  IRA  income  tax and a 10%
  penalty tax may apply to distributions  made (1) before age 59 1/2 (subject to
  certain exception) or (2) during the five taxable years starting with the year
  in which the first contribution is made to any Roth IRA. A 10% penalty tax may
  apply  to  amounts  attributable  to a  conversion  from  an IRA if  they  are
  distributed during the five taxable years beginning with the year in which the
conversion was made.                                                        

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 25 -

P-->N-4/A29thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust29th
o CORPORATE  PENSION AND  PROFIT-SHARING  PLANS under Section 401(a) of the Code
  allow corporate  employers to establish  various types of retirement plans for
  employees,  and  self-employed  individuals to establish  qualified  plans for
  themselves and their  employees.  Adverse tax  consequences  to the retirement
  plan, the participant,  or both may result if the Policy is transferred to any
  individual as a means to provide  benefit  payments,  unless the plan complies
  with all the  requirements  applicable to such benefits prior to  transferring
  the Policy. The Policy includes  guaranteed minimum death benefit options that
  in some cases may exceed the greater of the premiums or the Policy value.  The
  standard death benefit or optional  guaranteed  minimum death benefit could be
  characterized as an incidental benefit,  the amount of which is limited in any
  pension or  profit-sharing  plan.  Because  the death  benefit may exceed this
  limitation,  employers  using the Policy in connection  with such plans should
consult their tax adviser.                                                  

o OTHER TAX ISSUES.  Qualified  Policies  have minimum  distribution  rules that
  govern  the  timing and  amount of  distributions.  You  should  refer to your
  retirement  plan,  adoption  agreement,  or  consult  a tax  advisor  for more
information about these distribution rules.                                 

  Distributions from Qualified Policies generally are subject to withholding for
  the  Owner's  Federal  Income  Tax  liability.  The  withholding  rate  varies
  according to the type of  distribution  and the Owner's tax status.  The Owner
  will be  provided  the  opportunity  to elect  not to have tax  withheld  from
distributions.                                                              

  "Eligible rollover  distributions"  from section 401(a) plans are subject to a
  mandatory  federal  income  tax  withholding  of  20%.  An  eligible  rollover
  distribution  is the  taxable  portion of any  distribution  from such a plan,
  except certain  distributions  such as  distributions  required by the Code or
  distributions in a specified annuity form. The 20% withholding does not apply,
  however,  if the Owner  chooses a "direct  rollover"  from the plan to another
tax-qualified plan or IRA.                                                  

|_|     POSSIBLE TAX LAW CHANGES                                                

        Although the  likelihood of  legislative  change is uncertain,  there is
always the  possibility  that the tax  treatment  of the Policy  could change by
legislation  or  otherwise.  Consult a tax adviser with  respect to  legislative
developments and their effect on the Policy.                                    

        We have the  right to  modify  the  Policy in  response  to  legislative
changes that could  otherwise  diminish the favorable tax treatment that annuity
contract Owners currently receive. We make no guarantee regarding the tax status
of any Policy and do not intend the above discussion as tax advice.             

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 26 -

P-->N-4/A30thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust30th
MISCELLANEOUS                                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

|_|     ABOUT OUR COMPANY 

RATINGS:   A.M. BEST - A+G (SUPERIOR), 2nd highest rating of 15 categories.     
           STANDARD  & POOR'S - AA  (VERY  STRONG),  3rd  highest  rating  of 21
           categories  for insurer  financial  strength.  (FIRST  AMERITAS  LIFE
           INSURANCE  CORP. OF NEW YORK HAS NOT BEEN  SEPARATELY  RATED BY THESE
           FIRMS.  RATHER,  THESE RATINGS  REFLECT A GROUP RATING BASED UPON THE
           RATING OF FIRST  AMERITAS'  PARENT  COMPANY,  AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE
           CORP.  THESE  RATINGS DO NOT BEAR ON THE  INVESTMENT  PERFORMANCE  OF
           ASSETS  HELD IN THE  SEPARATE  ACCOUNT  OR ON THE  DEGREE  OF RISK IN
INVESTMENTS IN THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT.)                     

        First  Ameritas  Life  Insurance  Corp.  of New York  issues  the Policy
described in this  prospectus  and is  responsible  for providing  each Policy's
insurance and annuity benefits.  We are a stock life insurance company organized
under the insurance laws of the State of New York in 1993. We are a wholly owned
subsidiary of Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., Nebraska's oldest insurance company
- in business since 1887. Our home office address is 400 Rella Blvd,  Suite 304,
Suffern, New York, 10901 and our Service Office is at 5900 "O" Street,  Lincoln,
Nebraska,  68510. (See page 2 of this prospectus, or the cover page or last page
for information on how to contact us.)                                          

        We are engaged in the business of issuing life insurance,  annuities and
health insurance in the State of New York.                                      

|_|     DISTRIBUTION OF THE POLICIES                                            

        Ameritas Investment Corp. ("AIC"),  5900 "O" Street,  Lincoln,  Nebraska
68510,  an affiliate of ours,  is the  principal  underwriter  of the  Policies.
Ameritas Life Insurance  Corp. and AmerUs Life Insurance  Company entered into a
joint venture to form AMAL  Corporation,  a holding company that owns the common
stock of our  distributor,  Ameritas  Investment Corp. AIC enters into contracts
with various broker-dealers ("Distributors") to distribute Policies. All persons
selling the Policy will be registered  representatives of the Distributors,  and
will also be licensed as insurance agents to sell variable  insurance  products.
AIC is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a broker-dealer
and  is a  member  of the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers,  Inc.
Commissions  paid to all distributors may be up to a total of 5.35% of premiums.
We may  also  pay  other  distribution  expenses  such as  production  incentive
bonuses.  These  distribution  expenses do not result in any additional  charges
under the Policy other than those described in this prospectus' FEES section.   

|_|     VOTING RIGHTS                                                           

        As required by law, we will vote the Subaccount shares in the underlying
portfolios  at regular and  special  shareholder  meetings  of the series  funds
pursuant to  instructions  received from persons having voting  interests in the
underlying  portfolios.  The  underlying  portfolios may not hold routine annual
shareholder meetings.                                                           

        As a Policy Owner,  you may have a voting rights in the portfolios whose
shares  underlie the  Subaccounts  you are  invested in. You will receive  proxy
material,  reports, and other materials relating to each underlying portfolio in
which you have voting rights.                                                   

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 27 -

P-->N-4/A31stPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust31st
|_|     DISTRIBUTION OF MATERIALS                                               

        We will distribute  proxy  statements,  updated  prospectuses  and other
materials  to you from time to time.  In order to achieve cost  savings,  we may
send consolidated mailings to several owners with the same last name who share a
common address or post office box.                                              

|_|     ADVERTISING                                                             

        From time to time, we may advertise several types of performance for the
Subaccount variable investment options. We may also advertise ratings,  rankings
or  other  information   related  to  us,  the  Subaccounts  or  the  underlying
portfolios. Following is a description of types of performance reporting:       

        TOTAL RETURN is the overall  change in the value of an  investment  in a
Subaccount variable investment option over a given period of time.              
        STANDARDIZED  AVERAGE  ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN is  calculated  in accordance
with SEC guidelines.  This shows the percentage return on $1,000 invested in the
Subaccounts  over the most  recent  1, 5 and 10 year  periods.  If the  variable
investment  option was not available for the full period, we give a history from
the date money was first received in that option. This return reflects deduction
of all recurring  Policy charges during each period (i.e.  mortality and expense
risk  charges,  annual  Policy  fees,  and  administrative  expenses) as well as
charges for the most expensive of each of the optional features.  Our guaranteed
maximum charges are used in standardized returns,  rather than any current lower
or waived fees.                                                                 
        NON-STANDARDIZED  AVERAGE  ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN may be for periods  other
than those  required or may otherwise  differ from  standardized  average annual
total return. For example,  if a Subaccount's  underlying  portfolio has been in
existence longer than the Subaccount,  we may show non-standardized  performance
for periods that begin on the inception date of the underlying portfolio, rather
than the inception date of the Subaccount.  Otherwise,  non-standardized average
annual  total return is  calculated  in a similar  manner as that stated  above,
except  some  non-standardized  returns  may be based on Policy  sizes where the
Policy fee would be waived.  Non-standardized  returns  may also  assume none or
only some of the optional features are elected, and may reflect our use of lower
current fees or waiver of certain fees,  rather than use our guaranteed  maximum
fees.                                                                           

|_|     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                                       

        As of the date of this  Prospectus,  there are no proceedings  affecting
the Separate Account, or that are material in relation to our total assets.     

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- 28 -

P-->N-4/A32ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust32nd
APPENDIX A:  VARIABLE INVESTMENT OPTION PORTFOLIOS                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        The Separate Account Subaccount underlying  portfolioss listed below are
designed  primarily  as  investments  for  variable  annuity and  variable  life
insurance policies issued by insurance  companies.  They are NOT publicly traded
mutual funds  available  for direct  purchase by you.  THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THE
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES WILL BE MET.                                              

        This  information is just a summary for each underlying  portfolio.  You
should read the series fund  prospectus  for an  underlying  portfolio  for more
information about that portfolio.                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
                                                                                               
Separate Account Variable Investment Options:               Investment Objective:              
      Investment Strategy                                                                      
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
ALGER: offered through The Alger American Fund series fund, advised by Fred Alger Management,  
Inc.                                                                                           
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
o     ALGER AMERICAN BALANCED PORTFOLIO                     Current Income and long-term       
      Common stock of companies with growth potential       capital growth                     
      and fixed-income securities.                                                             
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     ALGER AMERICAN LEVERAGED ALLCAP PORTFOLIO             Long-term capital growth           
      Common stocks of companies with growth potential.                                        
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
AMERITAS PORTFOLIOS: offered through Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Ameritas Portfolios series  
fund; advised by Ameritas Investment Corp. (SUBADVISOR. See cover for                          
Subadvisor's full name.)                                                                       
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
o     AMERITAS GROWTH PORTFOLIO (FRED ALGER)                Long-term capital growth.          
      Common stocks of large U.S. companies with broad                                         
      product lines, markets, financial resources and                                          
      depth of management.                                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o    AMERITAS INCOME & GROWTH PORTFOLIO                     High level of dividend income,     
    (FRED ALGER)                                            with capital growth as a           
      Dividend paying equity securities, prefereably        secondary goal.                    
      with growth potential.                                                                   
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o    AMERITAS MIDCAP GROWTH PORTFOLIO                       Long-term capital growth.          
    (FRED ALGER)                                                                               
      Common stocks of midsize U.S. companies with                                             
      promising growth potential.                                                              
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o    AMERITAS SMALL CAPITALIZATION PORTFOLIO                Long-term capital growth.          
    (FRED ALGER)                                                                               
      Common stocks of small, fast-growing U.S.                                                
      companies that offer innovative products,                                                
      services or technologies to a rapidly expanding                                          
      marketplace.                                                                             
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     AMERITAS MONEY MARKET PORTFOLIO (CALVERT)             Current income.                    
      Money market securities of domestic and foreign                                          
      issuers.                                                                                 
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     AMERITAS EMERGING GROWTH PORTFOLIO (MFS Co.)          Long-term capital growth.          
      Common stocks of emerging growth companies or                                            
      related securities, including foreign securities.                                        
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     AMERITAS GROWTH WITH INCOME PORTFOLIO (MFS Co.)       Current income, long-term growth   
      Common stocks of companies or related                 of capital and income.             
      securities, including foreign securities, to                                             
      seek to provide income equal to 90% of the S&P                                           
      500 Composite Index dividend yield.                                                      
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     AMERITAS RESEARCH PORTFOLIO (MFS Co.)                 Long-term capital growth and       
      Common stocks and related securities of               future income.                     
      companies with favorable prospects for long-term                                         
      growth, attractive valuations, dominant or                                               
      growing market share, and superior management.                                           
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     AMERITAS INDEX 500 PORTFOLIO (STATE STREET)           Results that correspond to the     
      Common stocks of U.S. companies on the S&P 500        S&P 500 Index company common       
      Index.                                                stocks.                            

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                      Appendix         
                                           - A: 1 -                                            

P-->N-4/A33rdPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust33rd
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
CALVERT SOCIAL: offered through Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Calvert Social Portfolios        
series fund; advised by Calvert Asset Management Company, an affiliate of ours.                
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
o     CVS SOCIAL BALANCED PORTFOLIO                         Income and capital growth through  
      Mostly large-cap growth oriented common stock of      social criteria screened           
      U.S. companies, with some bonds and money market      investments.                       
      instruments.                                                                             
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     CVS SOCIAL INTERNATIONAL EQUITY PORTFOLIO             High total return through social   
      Common stocks of mid to large cap companies.          criteria screened investments.     
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     CVS SOCIAL MID CAP GROWTH PORTFOLIO                   Long-term capital growth through   
      Common stocks of mid size companies.                  social criteria screened           
                                                            investments.                       
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     CVS SOCIAL SMALL CAP GROWTH PORTFOLIO                 Long-term capital growth through   
      Common stocks of small cap companies.                 social criteria screened           
                                                            investments.                       
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
FIDELITY: offered through Variable Insurance Products: Service Class 2 series fund;            
                      advised by Fidelity Management and Research Company.                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
o     VIP ASSET MANAGER PORTFOLIO                           High total return with reduced     
      Allocated investments among stocks, bonds and         risk over the long-term.           
      short-term/money market investments.                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     VIP ASSET MANAGER: GROWTH PORTFOLIO                   High total return.                 
      Allocated investments among stocks, bonds and                                            
      short-term/money market investments.                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
0     VIP CONTRAFUND PORTFOLIO                              Long-term capital growth.          
      Common stocks of companies whose value is not                                            
      fully recognized.                                                                        
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     VIP EQUITY INCOME PORTFOLIO                           Reasonable income.                 
      Income producing equity securities.                                                      
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o      VIP GROWTH PORTFOLIO                                 Capital growth.                    
      Common stocks of companies with above average                                            
      growth potential.                                                                        
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     VIP HIGH INCOME PORTFOLIO                             High level of current income.      
      High yielding fixed-income securities, while                                             
      also considering growth of capital.                                                      
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     VIP INVESTMENT GRADE BOND PORTFOLIO                   High level of current income as    
      U.S. Dollar-denominated investment-grade bonds        is consistent with preservation    
      (medium and high quality).                            of capital.                        
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     VIP OVERSEAS PORTFOLIO                                Long-term capital growth.          
      Securities of foreign companies, diversified                                             
      across countries and regions.                                                            

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                       Appendix        
                                           - A: 2 -                                            

P-->N-4/A34thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust34th
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
MFS: offered through MFS Variable Insurance Trust series fund; advised by Massachusetts        
Financial Services Company                                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
o     GLOBAL GOVERNMENTS SERIES                             Income and capital growth.         
      U.S. and foreign government securities,                                                  
      corporate bonds, and mortgage-backed and                                                 
      asset-backed securities.                                                                 
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     NEW DISCOVERIES SERIES                                Capital growth.                    
      Common stocks of smaller cap emerging growth                                             
      companies that are early in their life cycle.                                            
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     UTILITIES SERIES                                      Capital growth and current income. 
      Equity and debt securities of U.S. and foreign                                           
      companies (including emerging markets) in the                                            
      utility industry.                                                                        
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
MORGAN STANLEY: offered through Universal Institutional Funds, Inc. series fund;               
                      advised by Morgan Stanley Asset Management                               
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
o     EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY PORTFOLIO                     Long-term capital growth.          
      Growth oriented equity securities of issuers in                                          
      emerging market countries.                                                               
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     GLOBAL EQUITY PORTFOLIO                               Long-term capital growth.          
      Equity securities of issuers throughout the                                              
      world, including U.S. issuers.                                                           
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     INTERNATIONAL MAGNUM PORTFOLIO                        Long-term capital growth.          
      Equity securities of non-U.S. issuers domiciled                                          
      in "EAFE" countries.                                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
o     U.S. REAL ESTATE PORTFOLIO                            Above average current income and   
      Equity securities of companies in the U.S. real       long-term capital growth.          
      estate industry, including real estate                                                   
      investment trusts.                                                                       
----------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                Appendix
              - A: 3 -

P-->N-4/A35thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust35th
APPENDIX B: TAX-QUALIFIED PLAN DISCLOSURES                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 QUALIFIED DISCLOSURES

* Information Statement For:
408(b) IRA Plans
408(k) SEP IRA Plans
 408(p) SIMPLE IRA Plans
 408A Roth IRA Plans

* Information Statement For:
 401(a) Pension/Profit Sharing Plans
403(b) ERISA Plans
 403(b) Tax Sheltered Annuity (TSA) Plans-Withdrawal
Restrictions

If this  annuity  is  being  purchased  as a  qualified  plan as  defined  under
specified  sections  of the  Internal  Revenue  Code,  as  purchaser  (owner) or
fiduciary  of an  Employee  Benefit  Plan  purchasing  the  annuity,  you should
carefully review the Information Statement for your specific type of plan.      

Depending on the type of plan, we are required to provide this disclosure to you
to meet the  requirements  of the  Internal  Revenue  Code  ("Code")  and/or the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).                        

Acknowledgment of your receipt of the required disclosure is included within the
application language above your signature.                                      

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

Information Statement                                       
408(b) Individual Retirement Annuity (IRA) Plans      
408(k) Simplified Employee Pension (SEP IRA) Plans    
408(p) Savings Incentive Match (SIMPLE IRA) Plans     
          408A Roth IRA Plans..........................................B:2
Information Statement                                       
           401(a) Pension/Profit Sharing Plans..........................B:14
403(b) ERISA Plans                                    
403(b) Tax Sheltered Annuity (TSA) Plans-Withdrawal   
Restrictions                                  

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 1 -

P-->N-4/A36thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust36th
FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK LOGO                            
INFORMATION STATEMENT                             
408(B)  INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ANNUITY (IRA) PLANS 
 408(K)  SIMPLIFIED EMPLOYEE PENSION (SEP IRA) PLANS
408(P)  SAVINGS INCENTIVE MATCH (SIMPLE IRA)      
408A ROTH IRA                                     

For  purchasers of a 408(b)  Individual  Retirement  Annuity (IRA) Plan,  408(k)
Simplified  Employee  Pension (SEP IRA) Plan,  408(p)  Savings  Incentive  Match
(SIMPLE IRA) Plan or a 408A Roth IRA, please review the following:              

PART 1.  PROCEDURE FOR REVOKING THE IRA PLAN:                                   

After you establish an IRA Plan with First Ameritas Life Insurance  Corp. of New
York (the  Company),  you are able to revoke your IRA within a limited  time and
receive a full  refund of the  initial  premium  paid,  if any.  The  period for
revocation  will not be less than the legal minimum of seven (7) days  following
the date your IRA is established with the Company.                              

To revoke your IRA, you should send a signed and dated written  notice to: First
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York, Policyholder Service Department, P.O.
Box 82550, Lincoln, NE 68501.                                                   

If your IRA contract was delivered to you, the contract  should  accompany  your
notice of revocation. Your notice of revocation will be considered mailed on the
date of the postmark (or certification or registration,  if applicable), if sent
by United States mail, properly addressed and by first class postage prepaid.   

To obtain  further  information  about the  revocation  procedure,  contact your
Company Representative or call 1-800-745-1112.                                  

PART II.  PROVISIONS OF THE IRA LAW:                                            
The Company's OVERTURE ACCLAIM!  Variable Annuity (Form 4880), can be used for a
Regular IRA, a Rollover IRA, a Spousal IRA  Arrangement,  a Simplified  Employee
Pension Plan (SEP IRA), or a salary reduction  Simplified  Employee Pension Plan
(SARSEP),  a SIMPLE IRA, or a Roth IRA. A separate  policy must be purchased for
each individual under each plan.  State income tax treatment of IRAs varies,  so
this disclosure only discusses the federal tax treatment of IRAs. Please discuss
state income tax treatment of an IRA with your tax advisor.                     

While  provisions  of the IRA law are  similar  for all such  plans,  the  major
differences are set forth under the appropriate topics below.                   

A.      ELIGIBILITY:                                                            

        REGULAR IRA PLAN:  Any  individual  under age 70 1/2 and earning  income
        from personal services,  is eligible to establish an IRA Plan,  although
        deductibility  of the  contributions  is  determined  by adjusted  gross
        income ("AGI") and whether the individual (or the  individual's  spouse)
    is an "active participant" in an employer sponsored retirement plan.

        ROLLOVER IRA: This is an IRA plan purchased with your distributions from
        another  IRA  (including  a SEP IRA,  SARSEP or SIMPLE  IRA),  a Section
        401(a)  Qualified  Retirement  Plan,  or a Section  403(b) Tax Sheltered
Annuity (TSA).                                                  

        Amounts  transferred  as Rollover  Contributions  are not taxable in the
        year of  distribution  (provided  the rules for Rollover  treatment  are
        satisfied)  and  may or may  not be  subject  to  withholding.  Rollover
Contributions are not deductible.                               

        Spousal  IRA  Arrangement:  A  Spousal  IRA,  consisting  of a  separate
        contract  for each  spouse,  may be set up  provided  a joint  return is
        filed, the "nonworking  spouse" has less taxable  compensation,  if any,
        for the tax year than the working spouse, and is under age 70 1/2 at the
end of the tax year.                                            

        Divorced spouses can continue a Spousal IRA or start a Regular IRA based
        on the standard IRA eligibility  rules.  All taxable alimony received by
        the divorced spouse under a decree of divorce or separate maintenance is
treated as compensation for purposes of the IRA deduction limit.

        Roth IRAs: A Roth IRA must be designated as such when it is established.
        Eligibility  to contribute or convert to a Roth IRA is subject to income
        and other limits.  Unlike Regular IRAs, if eligible,  you may contribute
to a Roth IRA even after age 70 1/2.                            

        1.      A REGULAR ROTH IRA is a Roth IRA  established  to receive annual
contributions and/or qualified rollover         

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 2 -

P-->N-4/A37thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust37th
               contributions (including IRA conversion contributions) from other
               Roth IRAs or from  other  IRAs if  permitted  by the  policy  and
endorsement.                                      

               Roth IRAs are available  beginning in 1998.  Unlike Regular IRAs,
               contributions  to a Roth IRA are not deductible for tax purposes.
               However,  any gain  accumulated  in a Roth IRA may be nontaxable,
depending upon how and when withdrawals are made. 

        2.     A ROTH  CONVERSION IRA is a Roth IRA  established to receive only
               rollovers or conversions  from non-Roth IRAs made in the same tax
year and is limited to such contributions.        

        3.     SPOUSAL ROTH IRA  ARRANGEMENT:  Beginning in 1998, a Spousal Roth
               IRA may be set up for a "non-working" spouse who has less taxable
               compensation, if any, for the tax year than the "working" spouse,
               regardless  of age,  provided the spouses file a joint tax return
               and subject to the adjusted gross income ("AGI") limits described
               in PART II, MAXIMUM  CONTRIBUTIONS--SPOUSAL ROTH IRA ARRANGEMENT.
               Divorced  spouses  can  continue  a  Spousal  Roth IRA or start a
               regular Roth IRA based on standard  Roth IRA  eligibility  rules.
               Taxable alimony received by the divorced spouse under a decree of
               divorce or separate  maintenance is treated as  compensation  for
purposes of Roth IRA eligibility limits.          

               SIMPLIFIED  EMPLOYEE  PENSION  PLAN (SEP  IRA):  An  employee  is
               eligible to  participate  in a SEP IRA Plan based on  eligibility
               requirements  set forth in form  5305-SEP or other plan  document
provided by the employer.                         

               SALARY REDUCTION  SIMPLIFIED  EMPLOYEE PENSION PLAN (SARSEP):  An
               employee  is eligible  to  participate  in a SARSEP plan based on
               eligibility  requirements set forth in form 5305A-SEP or the plan
               document  provided by the  employer.  New SARSEP plans may not be
               established after December 31, 1996. SARSEPs established prior to
               January 1, 1997,  may  continue  to receive  contributions  after
               1996,  and new employees  hired after 1996 are also  permitted to
participate in such plans.                        

               SAVINGS  INCENTIVE  MATCH PLAN FOR  EMPLOYEES OF SMALL  EMPLOYERS
               (SIMPLE  IRA):An  employee is eligible to participate in a SIMPLE
               IRA Plan  based on  eligibility  requirements  set  forth in Form
               5304-SIMPLE  or other plan document  provided by the employer.  A
               SIMPLE IRA must be  established  as such,  thus some policies may
not be available for use with a SIMPLE IRA Plan.  

B.      NONTRANSFERABILITY:  You may not transfer,  assign or sell your IRA Plan
        (including a SIMPLE IRA, SEP IRA,  SARSEP or Roth IRA) to anyone (except
in the case of transfer incident to divorce).                   

C.      NONFORFEITABILITY:  The  value  of your IRA Plan  (all  types  included)
belongs to you at all times, without risk of forfeiture.        

D.      PREMIUM: The annual premium (if applicable) of your IRA Plan or Roth IRA
        may not exceed the lesser of  $2,000,  or 100% of  compensation  for the
        year  (or  for  Spousal  IRAs,  or  Spousal  Roth  IRAs,   the  combined
        compensation  of the spouses  reduced by any Roth IRA or deductible  IRA
        contribution made by the "working" spouse).  Any premium in excess of or
        in  addition  to  $2,000   will  be   permitted   only  as  a  "Rollover
        Contribution"  (or  "Conversion"  contribution  to  a  Roth  IRA).  Your
        contribution  must be made in cash. For IRAs established under SEP Plans
        (SEP IRAs),  premiums are limited to the lesser of $30,000 or 15% of the
        first $150,000 of compensation  (adjusted for cost of living increases).
        In  addition,  if the IRA is under a SARSEP  Plan  established  prior to
        January 1, 1997, annual premiums made by salary reduction are limited to
        $7,000 (adjusted for cost of living increases).  Premiums under a SIMPLE
        IRA are  limited  to  permissible  levels  of annual  employee  elective
        contributions  (up to $6,000 adjusted for cost of living increases) plus
        the applicable  percentage of employer matching  contributions (up to 3%
        of compensation but not in excess of $6,000, as adjusted) or of employer
        non-elective contributions (2% of compensation (subject to the cap under
Code Section 401(a)(17) as indexed) for each eligible employee).

E.      MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTIONS:                                                  

        REGULAR IRA PLAN: In any year that your annuity is maintained  under the
        rules for a Regular IRA Plan,  your maximum  contribution  is limited to
        100% of your compensation or $2,000, whichever is less. Further, this is
        the maximum amount you may  contribute to ALL IRAs in a year  (including
        Roth IRAs,  but not Education IRAs or employer  contributions  or salary
        deferrals  made  to SEP or  SIMPLE  IRAs).  The  amount  of  permissible
        contributions to your Regular IRA may or may not be deductible.  Whether
        IRA  contributions  (other than  Rollovers)  are  deductible  depends on
        whether you (or your spouse, if married) are an active participant in an
        employer-sponsored  retirement  plan and  whether  your  adjusted  gross
        income ("AGI") is above the "phase-out  level."  Beginning for tax years
        after 1997, you will only be deemed to be an active participant and your
        deductions  for  contributions  subject  to  phase-out  because  of your
        spouse's  participation  in an employer-  sponsored  retirement plan, if
        your combined adjusted gross income exceeds $150,000.  SEE PART III. C.,
DEDUCTIBLE IRA CONTRIBUTIONS.                                   

        ROLLOVER  IRA: A Plan to Plan  Rollover  is a method  for  accomplishing
        continued tax deferral on otherwise taxable  distributions  from certain
        plans. Rollover contributions are not subject to the contribution limits
on Regular IRA contributions, but also are not tax deductible.  

There are two ways to make a rollover to an IRA:                

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 3 -

P-->N-4/A38thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust38th
        (1)    PARTICIPANT  ROLLOVERS are available to  participants,  surviving
               spouses  or  former   spouses  who  receive   eligible   rollover
               distributions  from 401(a) Qualified  Retirement  Plans,  TSAs or
               IRAs  (including  SEPs,  SARSEPs,  and SIMPLE IRAs).  Participant
               Rollovers are  accomplished  by  contributing  part or all of the
               eligible  amounts (which  includes  amounts  withheld for federal
               income tax  purposes)  to your new IRA  within 60 days  following
               receipt of the distribution.  IRA to IRA Rollovers are limited to
               one per distributing  plan per 12 month period,  while direct IRA
               to  IRA   transfers   (where  you  do  not  directly   receive  a
               distribution)  are not subject to this limitation.  Distributions
               from a SIMPLE IRA may not be rolled over or transferred to an IRA
               (which isn't a SIMPLE IRA) during the 2 year period following the
               date you first  participate in any SIMPLE Plan maintained by your
employer.                                         

        (2)    DIRECT ROLLOVERS are available to participants, surviving spouses
               and former spouses who receive  eligible  rollover  distributions
               from 401(a) Qualified  Retirement Plans or TSAs. Direct Rollovers
               are made by instructing the plan trustee,  custodian or issuer to
               pay the  eligible  portion of your  distribution  directly to the
               trustee,  custodian  or  issuer  of  the  receiving  IRA.  Direct
               Rollover amounts are not subject to mandatory  federal income tax
withholding.                                      

        FOR RULES  APPLICABLE  TO ROLLOVERS  OR TRANSFERS TO ROTH IRAS,  SEE THE
PARAGRAPHS ON ROTH AND ROTH CONVERSION IRAS, THAT FOLLOW.       

Certain  distributions  are NOT  considered  to be  eligible  for  Rollover  and
include:  (1)  distributions  which are part of a series of substantially  equal
periodic   payments  (made  at  least  annually)  for  10  years  or  more;  (2)
distributions  attributable  to  after-tax  employee  contributions  to a 401(a)
Qualified Retirement Plan or TSA; (3) required minimum distributions made during
or after the year you reach age 70 1/2 or, if later and applicable,  the year in
which you retire; and (4) amounts in excess of the cash (except for certain loan
offset  amounts)  or in  excess  of the  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  property
distributed.  Also, under the Internal Revenue Service  Restructuring and Reform
Act of 1998 (IRSRRA"98), hardship distributions made from 401(k) or 403(b) plans
on or  after  January  1,  1999,  are no  longer  considered  eligible  rollover
distributions except as otherwise permitted by the Internal Revenue Service. The
Internal Revenue Service announced transition relief from this rule for 1999.   

At the time of a Rollover,  you must  irrevocably  designate in writing that the
transfer is to be treated as a Rollover Contribution. Eligible amounts which are
not  rolled  over  are  normally  taxed  as  ordinary  income  in  the  year  of
distribution.  If a  Rollover  Contribution  is made to an IRA from a  Qualified
Retirement  Plan,  you may later be able to roll the value of the IRA into a new
employer's  plan PROVIDED YOU MAKE NO  CONTRIBUTIONS  TO THE IRA OTHER THAN FROM
THE FIRST  EMPLOYER'S  PLAN.  THIS IS KNOWN AS  "CONDUIT  IRA,"  AND YOU  SHOULD
DESIGNATE YOUR ANNUITY AS SUCH WHEN YOU COMPLETE YOUR APPLICATION.              

SPOUSAL IRA  ARRANGEMENT:  In any year that your annuity is maintained under the
rules for a Spousal IRA, the maximum  combined  contribution  to the Spousal IRA
and the  "working"  spouse's IRA for tax years after 1996, is the lesser of 100%
of the combined compensation of both spouses which is includable in gross income
(reduced by the amount of any  contributions to a Roth IRA or the amount allowed
as a deduction to the "working"  spouse for  contribution to his or her own IRA)
or  $4,000.  No more than  $2,000 may be  contributed  to either  spouse's  IRA.
Whether the  contribution  is  deductible or  non-deductible  depends on whether
either spouse is an "active  participant"  in an  employer-sponsored  retirement
plan for the year,  and whether the adjusted gross income of the couple is above
the   applicable   phase-out   level.   (SEE  PART  III.  C.,   DEDUCTIBLE   IRA
CONTRIBUTIONS).                                                                 

The contribution limit for divorced spouses is the lesser of $2,000 or the total
of the  taxpayer's  taxable  compensation  and  alimony  received  for the year.
(Married  individuals  who live apart for the entire year and who file  separate
tax  returns  are  treated as if they are single  when  determining  the maximum
deductible contribution limits).                                                

ROTH IRA: The maximum total annual  contribution  an individual  can make to all
IRAs  (including  Roth IRAs,  but not  Education,  SARSEP or SIMPLE IRAs) is the
lesser of $2,000 or 100% of compensation. (This limit does not apply to rollover
contributions,  which  includes  amounts  converted from a Regular IRA to a Roth
IRA).  If an individual  contributes  to both a Regular IRA and Roth IRA for the
same tax year,  contributions  are treated as first made to the Regular IRA. For
Roth IRAs  (which are  available  beginning  in the 1998 tax year)  this  $2,000
limitation  is phased  out for  adjusted  gross  incomes  between  $150,000  and
$160,000 for joint filers;  between  $95,000 and $110,000 for single  taxpayers;
and  between $0 and  $10,000  for  married  individuals  who file  separate  tax
returns. AGI for this purpose includes any deductible  contribution to a Regular
IRA,  (i.e.,  the  deduction  is  disregarded)  but does not  include any amount
included in income as a result of a rollover or  conversion  from a non-Roth IRA
to a Roth IRA.                                                                  

Rollovers  and  transfers  may also be made from one Roth IRA to  another.  Such
rollovers or transfers  are  generally  subject to the same timing and frequency
rules as apply to  Participant  Rollovers  and  transfers  from one  Regular  or
Rollover IRA to another.  (SEE PART II,  MAXIMUM  CONTRIBUTIONS:  ROLLOVER  IRA,
ABOVE).                                                                         

Also,  beginning in the 1998 tax year, rollovers or conversions may be made from
non-Roth IRAs to a Roth IRA. These  contributions can be commingled with regular
Roth  contributions  if your  policy  permits.  To be  eligible  to make  such a
conversion or rollover from a non-Roth IRA, the taxpayer's adjusted gross income
("AGI") for the taxable year cannot exceed $100,000 (joint or individual) and he
or she must NOT be married  filing a separate  tax return  (unless the  taxpayer
lives  apart  from his of her spouse at all times  during the year).  A rollover
from a  non-Roth  IRA to a Roth IRA  does  not  count  toward  the  limit of one
rollover  per IRA in any 12-month  period  under the normal IRA rollover  rules.
Also,  eligible  rollover  distributions  received  by you or your spouse from a
qualified plan other than an IRA, may not be directly rolled over to a Roth IRA.
However,  you may be able to roll such a  distribution  over to a non-Roth  IRA,
then  convert  that  IRA to a Roth  IRA.  Also  if you  are  eligible  to make a
conversion,  you may  transfer  amounts  from most  non-Roth  IRAs  (other  than
Education  IRAs).  Conversion of an  individual's  SIMPLE IRA is only  permitted
after  expiration of the 2-year  period which begins on the date the  individual
first participated in any SIMPLE IRA Plan of the employer.                      

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 4 -

P-->N-4/A39thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust39th
Once an amount in a SIMPLE IRA or SEP has been  converted  to a Roth IRA,  it is
treated as a Roth IRA contribution for all purposes.  Future contributions under
the SEP or SIMPLE  Plan may not be made to the Roth IRA.  AGI for the purpose of
determining  eligibility  to convert to a Roth IRA does not  include  any amount
included in income as a result of a rollover or  conversion  from a non-Roth IRA
to a Roth IRA, but does include the amount of any deductible  contribution  made
to a Regular IRA for the tax year. In addition,  for tax years beginning  before
January 1, 2005, required minimum  distributions from an IRA are included in AGI
for purposes of determining  eligibility for conversion to a Roth IRA.  However,
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2004, required minimum  distributions
from an IRA will not be included in AGI (solely for purposes of determining  the
$100,000 AGI limit on conversions).                                             

ROTH  CONVERSION  IRA: A Roth Conversion IRA is a Roth IRA that only accepts IRA
conversion contributions made during the same tax year. You should not designate
your policy as a Roth  Conversion  IRA if you wish to make both regular Roth and
Conversion contributions to the policy.                                         

SPOUSAL  ROTH  IRA  ARRANGEMENT:   Beginning  in  the  1998  tax  year,  if  the
"non-working"  spouse's  compensation  is less than  $2,000,  the spouses file a
joint tax return,  and their  combined  AGI  (unreduced  by any  deductible  IRA
contribution  made for the year,  but not  including  any amounts  includable in
income  as a result  of a  conversion  to a Roth IRA) is  $150,000  or below,  a
contribution  of up to $2,000 may be made to a separate  Spousal Roth IRA in the
name of the "non-working" spouse. The $2,000 limit is phased out proportionately
between $150,000 and $160,000 of AGI (modified as described above).  Spouses are
not required to make equal contributions to both Roth IRAs; however no more than
$2,000 may be  contributed to the "working" or  "non-working"  spouse's Roth IRA
for any year, and the total amount  contributed  annually to all IRAs (including
both Roth and Regular IRAs, but not Education,  SARSEP, or SIMPLE IRAs) for both
spouses  cannot  exceed  $4,000.  If the combined  compensation  of both spouses
(reduced by any deductible IRA or non-deductible Roth contributions made for the
"working"  spouse) is less than $4,000,  the total  contribution for all IRAs is
limited to the total amount of the spouses' combined compensation.  These limits
do not apply to rollover contributions.                                         

For  divorced  spouses,  the  contribution  limit to a Roth IRA is the lesser of
$2,000 or the total of the taxpayer's  compensation and alimony received for the
year,  subject  to the  applicable  phase-out  limits  for  eligibility  to make
contributions to a Roth IRA. (Married  individuals who live apart for the entire
year and who file  separate  tax  returns are treated as if they are single when
determining the maximum contribution they are eligible to make in a Roth IRA).  

SEP IRA PLAN: In any year that your annuity is maintained  under the rules for a
SEP Plan, the employer's maximum contribution is the lesser of $30,000 or 15% of
your first $150,000 of compensation  (adjusted for cost-of-living  increases) or
as  changed  under  Section  415 of the  Code.  You  may  also  be  able to make
contributions to your SEP IRA the same as you do to a Regular IRA; however,  you
will be  considered an "active  participant"  for purposes of  determining  your
deduction limit. In addition to the above limits,  if your annuity is maintained
under  the  rules  for  a  SARSEP,   the  maximum  amount  of  employee  pre-tax
contributions  which  can be  made  is  $7,000  (adjusted  for  cost  of  living
increases).  After December 31, 1996,  new SARSEP plans may not be  established.
Employees  may,  however,  continue to make salary  reductions  to a SARSEP plan
established  prior to  January 1,  1997.  In  addition,  employees  hired  after
December 31, 1996 may participate in SARSEP plans established by their employers
prior to 1997.                                                                  

SIMPLE IRA: Contributions to a SIMPLE IRA may not exceed the permissible amounts
of employee elective  contributions and required employer matching contributions
or non-elective  contributions.  Annual employee elective  contributions must be
expressed as a percentage of  compensation  and may not exceed $6,000  (adjusted
for cost of living  increases).  If an employer  elects a matching  contribution
formula,  it is generally  required to match employee  contributions  dollar for
dollar up to 3% of the employee's  compensation  for the year (but not in excess
of $6,000 as adjusted for cost-of-living  adjustments).  An employer may elect a
lower  percentage  match (but not below 1%) for a year,  provided certain notice
requirements  are satisfied and the  employer's  election will not result in the
matching  percentage  being  lower  than 3% in more than 2 of the 5 years in the
5-year  period ending with that calendar  year.  Alternatively,  an employer may
elect to make non-elective contributions of 2% of compensation for all employees
eligible to participate in the plan who have at least $5,000 in compensation for
the year. The employer must notify  employees of this election within  specified
time frames in advance of the plan year or election period.  "Compensation"  for
purposes of the 2% non-elective  contribution option may not exceed the limit on
compensation  under Code  Section  401(a)(17)  ($150,000,  adjusted  for cost of
living increases).                                                              

F. DISTRIBUTIONS:                                                               
1.      NON-ROTH IRA MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS:                         

        Payments to you from your IRA Plan (other than a Roth IRA) must begin no
        later than the April 1 following the close of the calendar year in which
        you attain age 70 1/2, the Required  Beginning  Date (RBD).  If you have
        not already withdrawn your entire balance by this date, you may elect to
        receive  the  entire  value of your IRA Plan on or before the RBD in one
        lump sum; or arrange for an income to be paid over your  lifetime,  your
        expected  lifetime,  or over the lifetimes or expected  lifetimes of you
        and your designated beneficiary.  UNDER A ROTH IRA, YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED
        TO TAKE DISTRIBUTIONS  WHILE YOU ARE LIVING, EVEN AFTER YOU REACH AGE 70
1/2.                                                            

        RATE OF  DISTRIBUTION:  If you  arrange  for the  value of your IRA Plan
        (other than a Roth IRA) to be paid to you as  retirement  income  rather
        than as one lump sum,  then you must  abide by IRS rules  governing  how
        quickly  the value of your IRA plan must be paid out to you.  Generally,
        it is acceptable to have an insurance  company annuity pay income to you
for as long                                                     

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 5 -

P-->N-4/A40thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust40th
as you live, or for as long as you and your beneficiary live.   

        Once you reach your RBD,  you must  withdraw  at least a minimum  amount
        each  year  or be  subject  to a 50%  non-deductible  excise  tax on the
        difference  between the  minimum  required  distribution  and the amount
        distributed.  To determine the required  minimum  distribution  for your
        first "required  distribution  year" (assuming an annuity payout has not
        been  elected)   divide  your  entire   interest   (subject  to  certain
        adjustments)  in your IRA  (generally  as of December 31 of the calendar
        year immediately preceding your age 70 1/2 year) by your life expectancy
        or the joint life  expectancies of you and your designated  beneficiary.
        For subsequent required distribution calendar years, the applicable life
        expectancy(ies)  will be  applied  to your  IRA  account  balance  as of
        December 31 of the calendar year immediately  preceding the distribution
        calendar  year  (subject  to  adjustments).  Your  single or joint  life
        expectancy is determined by using IRS life  expectancy  tables.  See IRS
Publications 575 and 590.                                       

        Your  life  expectancy  (and  that  of  your  spousal  beneficiary,   if
        applicable) will be recalculated annually,  unless you irrevocably elect
        otherwise  by the time  distributions  are  required to begin.  With the
        recalculation  method,  if a  person  whose  life  expectancy  is  being
        recalculated  dies,  his or her  life  expectancy  will  be  zero in all
        subsequent years. The life expectancy of a non-spouse beneficiary cannot
        be  recalculated.  Where  life  expectancy  is not  recalculated,  it is
        reduced by one year for each year  after  your 70 1/2 year to  determine
        the  applicable  remaining  life  expectancy.  Also,  if your benefit is
        payable in the form of a joint and survivor  annuity,  a larger  minimum
        distribution  amount may be  required  during  your  lifetime  under IRS
        regulations,  unless your spouse is the designated beneficiary.  If your
        designated beneficiary is not your spouse, the designated  beneficiary's
        age will be deemed to be no more than ten (10)  years  younger  than you
        when determining life expectancy for required  payouts.  However,  under
        current I.R.S.  proposed  regulations,  this rule only applies while you
        are living and life expectancy of your beneficiary  after your death can
be determined without regard to this rule.                      

        NON-ROTH IRA MINIMUM  DISTRIBUTION  REQUIREMENTS AFTER DEATH. If you die
        after the RBD,  amounts  undistributed at your death must be distributed
        at  least as  rapidly  as  under  the  method  being  used to  determine
        distributions at the time of your death. If you die before the RBD, your
        entire interest must generally be distributed by the end of the calendar
        year which contains the fifth  anniversary of your death (the "five year
        payout rule"). However, if a beneficiary is designated,  the beneficiary
        may elect to receive  distributions  over his or her life  expectancy if
        the  beneficiary so elects by December 31 of the year following the year
        of your death. If the beneficiary fails to make an election,  the entire
        benefit  will be paid to the  beneficiary  under the "five  year  payout
        rule".  Also, if the  designated  beneficiary  is your spouse,  the life
        annuity  distribution  must  begin by the  later of  December  31 of the
        calendar  year  following the calendar year of your death or December 31
        of the  year in  which  you  would  have  attained  age 70 1/2.  If your
        designated  beneficiary is not your spouse,  life annuity  distributions
        must begin by December 31 of the year  following your death. A surviving
        spouse  may in the  alternative  elect to treat the policy as his or her
        own IRA. This  election may be expressly  made or will be deemed made if
        the spouse  makes a regular  IRA  contribution  to the  policy,  makes a
        rollover to or from the IRA, or fails to elect minimum  distributions as
described above.                                                

2.      ROTH IRA DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS:                                     

        ROTH IRA MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS WHILE YOU ARE LIVING. As long
        as you are alive, you are not required to take distributions from a Roth
IRA, even after you reach age 70 1/2.                           

        ROTH IRA MINIMUM  DISTRIBUTION  REQUIREMENTS  AFTER YOUR DEATH.  Minimum
        distribution  requirements apply to Roth IRAs only after you die. If you
        die after you have reached your Annuity Date,  and have begun to receive
        distributions  under an annuity  option (not  including an interest only
        option), the remaining portion of your policy interests will continue to
        be distributed to your designated  beneficiary according to the terms of
        the elected options, (provided that method satisfies the requirements of
Code Section 408(b)(3), as modified by Code Section 408A(c)(5)).

        If you  die  before  you  have  elected  an  annuity  option  or  before
        distribution  of your  entire  interest  in the  policy has been made or
        begun,  your  entire  interest  in  your  Roth  IRA  generally  must  be
        distributed  by the end of the  calendar  year which  contains the fifth
        anniversary  of your death (the "five year payout  rule").  However,  if
        there  is a  designated  beneficiary,  he or she may  elect  to  receive
        distributions  over a period not longer than his or her life  expectancy
        provided the election is made and distributions  commence by December 31
        of the calendar year  following the calendar year of your death.  If the
        beneficiary does not make this election, the entire benefit will be paid
        to him or her under the "five  year  payout  rule".  If your  designated
        beneficiary  is your  surviving  spouse,  he or she may  elect  to delay
        distributions  until the later of the end of the calendar year following
        the year in which  you  died or the end of the year in which  you  would
        have  reach age 70 1/2.  If your  sole  designated  beneficiary  is your
        surviving  spouse, he or she may elect to treat the policy as his or her
        own Roth IRA by making an express election to do so, by making a regular
        Roth IRA  contribution  or rollover  contribution  (as  applicable or as
        permissible) to the policy, or by failing to elect minimum distributions
        under the "five year payout rule" or the life annuity options  discussed
above.                                                          

      Life  expectancies  will be  determined  by using IRS life  expectancy
tables. A surviving spouse's life expectancy will be            

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 6 -

P-->N-4/A41stPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust41st
        recalculated  annually,  unless he or she irrevocably  elects otherwise.
        Non-spousal  beneficiary life  expectancies will be determined using the
        beneficiary's  attained  age  in the  calendar  year  distributions  are
        required  to begin and  reducing  life  expectancy  by one for each year
thereafter.                                                     

3.      TAKING REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBUTIONS FROM ONE IRA:                     

        AGGREGATING MINIMUM  DISTRIBUTIONS:  If you are required to take minimum
        distributions  from  more than one IRA  (either  as owner of one or more
        Regular IRAs and/or as a beneficiary of one or more decedent's Roth IRAs
        or Regular IRAs), you may not have to take a minimum  distribution  from
        each IRA. (Regular and Roth IRAs are treated as different types of IRAs,
        so minimum  distributions  from a Roth IRA will not  satisfy the minimum
        distributions  required from a Regular IRA). Instead, you may be able to
        calculate  the  minimum   distribution  amount  required  for  each  IRA
        (considered to be of the same type) separately, add the relevant amounts
        and  take  the  total  required  amount  from  one IRA or  Roth  IRA (as
        applicable).   However,   an  individual  required  to  receive  minimum
        distributions  as a  beneficiary  under a Roth IRA can only  satisfy the
        minimum  distributions for one Roth IRA by receiving  distributions from
        another Roth IRA if the Roth IRAs were inherited from the same decedent.
        Because of these  requirements,  the Company cannot monitor the required
        distribution amounts from the Company's IRAs. Please check with your tax
        advisor to verify that you are  receiving  the proper amount from all of
your IRAs.                                                      

PART III. RESTRICTIONS AND TAX CONSIDERATIONS:                                  

A.   TIMING OF  CONTRIBUTIONS:  Once you establish an IRA,  (including a Roth or
     Spousal Roth IRA) contributions must be made by the due date, not including
     extensions, for filing your tax return. (Participant Rollovers must be made
     within 60 days of your receipt of the  distribution.)  A CONTRIBUTION  MADE
     BETWEEN  JANUARY  1 AND THE  FILING  DUE  DATE  FOR  YOUR  RETURN,  MUST BE
     SUBMITTED  WITH WRITTEN  DIRECTION  THAT IT IS BEING MADE FOR THE PRIOR TAX
     YEAR OR IT WILL BE  TREATED  AS MADE  FOR THE  CURRENT  TAX  YEAR.  SEP IRA
     contributions  must be made by the due date of the  Employer's  tax  return
     (including  extensions).  SIMPLE IRA contributions,  if permitted,  must be
     made by the tax return due date for the employer (including extensions) for
     the year for which the  contribution is made. Note, an employer is required
     to  make  SIMPLE  plan  contributions  attributable  to  employee  elective
     contributions as soon as it is administratively feasible to segregate these
     contributions  from the employer's  general  assets,  but in no event later
     than the 30th day of the month  following  the  month in which the  amounts
would have otherwise been payable to the employee in cash.            

B.   TIMING OF ROTH IRA  CONVERSIONS:  Conversions from a non-Roth IRA to a Roth
     IRA for a particular tax year,  MUST BE INITIATED SO THAT THE  DISTRIBUTION
     OR TRANSFER FROM THE NON-ROTH IRA IS MADE BY DECEMBER 31 OF THAT YEAR.  YOU
     DO NOT HAVE  UNTIL THE DUE DATE OF YOUR TAX  RETURN FOR A YEAR TO CONVERT A
     REGULAR IRA TO A ROTH IRA FOR THAT TAX YEAR.  For  example,  if you wish to
     convert a Regular IRA to a Roth IRA in 2000,  the  conversion  and transfer
     must be made by December 31, 2000, even though your tax return for 2000 may
not be due until April 15, 2001.                                      

C.   DEDUCTIBLE IRA  CONTRIBUTIONS:  The amount of permissible  contributions to
     your  Regular IRA may or may not be  deductible.  If you or your spouse are
     not active  participants  in an employer  sponsored  retirement  plan,  any
     permissible contribution you make to your IRA will be deductible. If you or
     your spouse are an active participant in an  employer-sponsored  retirement
     plan,  the size of your  deduction  if any,  will  depend on your  combined
adjusted gross income (AGI).                                          

     If you are not an active  participant  in an employer  sponsored  plan, but
     your spouse is an active  participant,  you may take a full  deduction  for
     your  IRA  contribution  (other  than to a Roth  IRA) if your  AGI is below
     $150,000;  if you are not an active  participant  but your  spouse  is, the
     maximum  deductible  contribution  for you is  phased  out at AGIs  between
$150,000 and $160,000.                                                

     If you are an active participant in an employer sponsored  requirement plan
     you may make  deductible  contributions  if your  AGI is below a  threshold
     level of income. For single taxpayers and married taxpayers (who are filing
     jointly  and are both  active  participants)  the  available  deduction  is
     reduced  proportionately  over a phaseout  range. If you are married and an
     active participant in an employer  retirement plan, but file a separate tax
     return  from your  spouse,  your  deduction  is phased  out  between $0 and
$10,000 of AGI.                                                       

     If your AGI is not above the maximum  applicable phase out level, a minimum
     contribution of $200 is permitted regardless of whether the phase out rules
provide for a lesser amount.                                          

     Active  participants  with income above the phaseout range are not entitled
     to an IRA  deduction.  Due to changes  made by the  Taxpayer  Relief Act of
1997, the phaseout limits are scheduled to increase as follows:       

                  MARRIED FILING JOINTLY            SINGLE/HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD
YEAR                  AGI                                AGI    
----                                                            

      1998................$50,000 - $  60,000............$30,000 - $40,000

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 7 -

P-->N-4/A42ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust42nd
        1999................$51,000 - $  61,000..............$31,000 - $41,000
        2000................$52,000 - $  62,000..............$32,000 - $42,000
        2001................$53,000 - $  63,000..............$33,000 - $43,000
        2002................$54,000 - $  64,000..............$34,000 - $44,000
        2003................$60,000 - $  70,000..............$40,000 - $50,000
        2004................$65,000 - $  75,000..............$45,000 - $55,000
        2005................$70,000 - $  80,000..............$50,000 - $60,000
        2006................$75,000 - $  85,000..............$50,000 - $60,000
        2007 and thereafter.$80,000 - $ 100,000..............$50,000 - $60,000

     You can elect to treat deductible contributions as non-deductible. SEP IRA,
  SARSEP, SIMPLE IRA and Roth IRA contributions are not deductible by you.

     Remember,  except for  rollovers,  conversions  or  transfers,  the maximum
     amount you may contribute to all IRAs (including Roth and Regular IRAs, but
     not Education IRAs) for a calendar year is $2,000 or 100% of  compensation,
whichever is less.                                                    

D.   NON-DEDUCTIBLE  REGULAR IRA  CONTRIBUTIONS:  It is possible for you to make
     non-deductible  contributions  to your  Regular IRA (not  including  SIMPLE
     IRAs) even if you are not eligible to make  deductible  contributions  to a
     Regular IRA or non-deductible contributions to a Roth IRA for the year. The
     amount of  non-deductible  contributions you can make depends on the amount
     of deductible  contributions you make. The sum of your  non-deductible  and
     deductible contributions for a year may not exceed the lesser of (1) $2,000
     ($4,000 combined when a Spousal IRA is also involved),  or (2) 100% of your
     compensation  (or,  if a  Spousal  IRA is  involved,  100% of you and  your
     spouse's combined compensation, reduced by the amount of any deductible IRA
     contribution and non-deductible Roth IRA contribution made by the "working"
     spouse).  For plan years  beginning on or after January 1, 1998, the sum of
     your   annual   non-deductible   (including   Roth   IRA)  and   deductible
     contributions,  other than when combined with a Spousal IRA or Spousal Roth
     IRA,  may  not  exceed  $2,000.  IF  YOU  WISH  TO  MAKE  A  NON-DEDUCTIBLE
     CONTRIBUTION,  YOU MUST  REPORT THIS ON YOUR TAX RETURN BY FILING FORM 8606
     (NON-DEDUCTIBLE  IRA).  REMEMBER,  YOU ARE  REQUIRED  TO KEEP TRACK OF YOUR
     NON-DEDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTIONS AS THE COMPANY DOES NOT KEEP A RECORD OF THESE
     FOR  YOU.  THIS   INFORMATION  WILL  BE  NECESSARY  TO  DOCUMENT  THAT  THE
     CONTRIBUTIONS  WERE MADE ON A NON-DEDUCTIBLE  BASIS AND THEREFORE,  ARE NOT
TAXABLE UPON DISTRIBUTION.                                            

E.   EFFECTS OF  CONVERSION  OF REGULAR  IRA TO ROTH IRA:  If you convert all or
     part of a  non-Roth  IRA to a Roth  IRA,  the  amount  converted  from  the
     non-Roth  IRA will be taxable as if it had been  distributed  to you in the
     year of  distribution  or  transfer  from  the  non-Roth  IRA.  If you made
     non-deductible  contributions  to any Regular IRA, part of the amount taken
     out of a  Regular  IRA for  conversion  will be  taxable  and part  will be
     non-taxable.  (Use IRS Form 8606 to  determine  how much of the  withdrawal
     from your Regular IRA is taxable and how much is non-taxable).  The taxable
     portion of the amount  converted is  includable in your income for the year
     of conversion.  However,  if the conversion  takes place in 1998, or if the
     conversion  amount is  distributed  in 1998 and  contributed  to a Roth IRA
     within 60 days of your  receipt  of the  distribution,  one  quarter of the
     taxable amount will be includable in your income in 1998 and in each of the
     next three tax years.  However,  an individual who makes a conversion prior
     to January 1, 1999, can elect to include the full taxable conversion amount
     in  income  for  1998.  This  election  is  made  on IRS  Form  8606 by the
     individual  and  cannot be made or  changed  after the due date  (including
     extensions)  for filing the 1998 Federal  income tax return.  If a taxpayer
     dies  before  the end of the  4-year  spread,  the  taxable  portion of the
     conversion  amount which has not been included in income will  generally be
     taxable  in the  year  of  the  taxpayer's  death.  However,  if  the  sole
     beneficiary of the Roth IRA is the surviving spouse, he or she can elect to
     continue  the 4-year  spread.  In  addition,  if the 4-year  spread rule is
     utilized for 1998 conversions,  any distributions of amounts subject to the
     4-year spread  occurring  before 2001, will require  acceleration of income
     inclusion as explained in the section  which  follows on TAXABILITY OF ROTH
IRA  DISTRIBUTIONS.  (SEE PART III. J.)                               
     Amounts properly  converted from a non-Roth IRA to a Roth IRA are generally
     not subject to the 10% early  withdrawal  penalty.  However,  if you make a
     conversion  to a Roth IRA, but keep part of the money for any reason,  that
     amount will be taxable in the year  distributed  from the  non-Roth IRA and
     the taxable portion may be subject to the 10% early withdrawal  penalty. In
     addition,  under 1998 technical  corrections,  if an amount  allocable to a
     conversion  contribution is distributed from the Roth IRA during the 5-year
     period  (beginning with the first day of the  individual's  taxable year in
     which the  conversion  contribution  was  made),  it will be  subject  to a
     10-percent  premature  distribution penalty tax (but only to the extent the
     conversion amount distributed was includable in gross income as a result of
the conversion).                                                      

     You should consult with your tax advisor to ensure that you receive the tax
     benefits you desire before you contribute to a Roth IRA,  convert to a Roth
     IRA or take  distributions  from a Roth IRA. IT WILL ALSO BE IMPORTANT  FOR
     YOU TO KEEP TRACK OF AND REPORT ANY REGULAR OR CONVERSION CONTRIBUTIONS YOU
     MAKE TO YOUR ROTH IRAS AS  REQUIRED BY THE IRS.  CONVERSION  CONTRIBUTIONS,
     RECHARACTERIZATIONS  OF CONVERSIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS  FROM A ROTH IRA MUST
BE REPORTED ON IRS FORM 8606.                                         

F.   RECHARACTERIZATION  OF IRA AND  ROTH  IRA  CONTRIBUTIONS:  IRA  owners  are
     permitted,  beginning in 1998, to treat a contribution  made to one type of
     IRA as made to a  different  type of IRA for a  taxable  year in a  process
     known as  "recharacterization".  A recharacterization is accomplished by an
     individual who has made a contribution  to an IRA of one type for a taxable
     year,  electing to treat the  contribution  as having been made to a second
IRA of a different type for the                                       

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 8 -

P-->N-4/A43rdPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust43rd
     taxable year. To accomplish the  recharacterization,  a  trustee-to-trustee
     transfer from the first IRA to the second IRA must be made on or before the
     due date (including  extensions) for filing the individual's Federal income
     tax return for the taxable year for which the  contribution was made to the
     first IRA. HOWEVER,  IN ANNOUNCEMENT  99-104,  THE IRS HAS INDICATED THAT A
     CALENDAR YEAR  TAXPAYER  THAT HAS TIMELY FILED HIS 1998 FEDERAL  INCOME TAX
     RETURN,  CAN ELECT TO RECHARACTERIZE A 1998 IRA  CONTRIBUTION,  INCLUDING A
     ROTH IRA CONVERSION,  PROVIDED  APPROPRIATE  CORRECTIVE  ACTION IS TAKEN BY
 DECEMBER 31, 1999. FOR THE 1999 TAX YEAR, THE DEADLINE IS CURRENTLY OCTOBER
 16, 2000 (SEE FORM 8606  INSTRUCTIONS).  APPROPRIATE  CORRECTIVE ACTION MAY
     INCLUDE  NOTIFYING  THE  TRUSTEE  OR ISSUER;  HAVING THE  TRUSTEE OR ISSUER
     ACTUALLY  MAKING  THE  TRANSFER  OR  ACCOUNT  REDESIGNATION;  AND FILING AN
     AMENDED 1998 OR 1999, AS APPROPRIATE,  FEDERAL INCOME TAX RETURN TO REFLECT
     THE  RECHARACTERIZATION.  FOR 1998,  THE CORRECTED  RETURN MUST BE FILED BY
 APRIL  15,  2000.  Any  net  income  attributable  to  the  recharacterized
     contribution  must also be transferred to the second IRA. Once the transfer
     is made,  the election is  irrevocable.  The effect of  recharacterizing  a
     contribution is that it is treated as having been originally contributed to
     the second IRA on the same date and (in the case of a regular contribution)
     for the same taxable year that the  contribution was made to the first IRA.
     If you  elect  to  recharacterize  a  contribution,  you  must  report  the
     recharacterization  and treat the  contribution  as having been made to the
second IRA, instead of the first, on your Federal income tax return.  

     Examples of where a recharacterization  election might be useful or desired
     include:  where an  individual  discovers  he was  ineligible  to convert a
     regular  IRA to a Roth IRA  because  his  adjusted  gross  income  exceeded
     $100,000;  amounts were erroneously rolled over from a traditional IRA to a
     SIMPLE IRA; or an individual  decides after he has made a contribution to a
     regular  IRA  for a tax  year  that  he is  eligible  for  and  prefers  to
     contribute  to a Roth  IRA,  or  vice  versa.  Recharacterizations  are not
     permitted  where a  deduction  has been taken for the  contribution  to the
     first IRA; the  contribution  to the first IRA was the result of a tax-free
     transfer or; the original  contribution  was an employer  contribution to a
SIMPLE or SEP IRA.                                                    

RECONVERSION RULES:                                                   

     For taxable  years after 1999,  if you convert a non-Roth IRA to a Roth IRA
     and then recharacterize it back to a non-Roth IRA, you are not permitted by
     IRS rules to reconvert  the amount from the non-Roth IRA back to a Roth IRA
     before the  beginning  of the taxable  year  following  the taxable year in
     which the amount was  converted to a Roth IRA or, if later,  the end of the
     30-day period  beginning on the day on which you  recharacterized  the Roth
     IRA to a non-Roth  IRA.  This rule will apply even if you were not eligible
     to make the original  conversion  because of your AGI or tax filing status.
     If you  attempt  a  reconversion  prior to the time  permitted,  it will be
     treated as a "failed  conversion".  The remedy for a failed  conversion  is
     recharacterization  to a  non-Roth  IRA.  If the failed  conversion  is not
     corrected,  it will be treated as a regular  contribution to a Roth IRA and
     thus, may be an excess contribution subject to a 6% excise tax for each tax
     year it  remains  in the Roth IRA to the  extent  it  exceeds  the  maximum
     regular Roth IRA  contribution  permitted for the tax year.  (SEE PART III.
     G., EXCESS  CONTRIBUTIONS,  BELOW).  Also,  the failed  conversion  will be
     subject to the 10% premature  distribution penalty tax, unless corrected or
     an  exception to that tax  applies.  CONSULT  WITH YOUR TAX ADVISOR  BEFORE
ATTEMPTING A "RECONVERSION".                                          

G.   EXCESS  CONTRIBUTIONS:  There is a 6% IRS penalty tax on IRA  contributions
     made  in  excess  of  permissible   contribution  limits.  However,  excess
     contributions  made in one year may be  applied  against  the  contribution
     limits in a later year if the contributions in the later year are less than
     the limit.  This penalty tax can be avoided if the excess amount,  together
     with any earnings on it, is returned to you before the due date of your tax
     return  for the year for which  the  excess  amount  was  contributed.  Any
     earnings  so  distributed  will  be  taxable  in the  year  for  which  the
     contribution was made and may be subject to the 10% premature  distribution
     penalty  tax (SEE PART III,  PREMATURE  IRA  DISTRIBUTIONS).  The 6% excess
     contribution  penalty tax will apply to each year the excess amount remains
     in the IRA Plan, until it is removed either by having it returned to you or
     by making a reduced  contribution  in a subsequent  year.  To the extent an
     excess  contribution is absorbed in a subsequent year by contributing  less
     than the maximum  deduction  allowable for that year,  the amount  absorbed
     will be deductible in the year applied (provided you are eligible to take a
     deduction). If a taxpayer transfers amounts contributed for a tax year to a
     Regular IRA (and any earnings  allocated to such  amounts) to a Roth IRA by
     the  due  date  for  filing  the  return  for  such  tax  year   (including
     extensions), the amounts are not included in the taxpayer's gross income to
     the extent that no  deduction  was allowed for the  contribution  (SEE PART
III. F. RECHARACTERIZATION OF IRA AND ROTH IRA CONTRIBUTIONS ABOVE).  

     EXCESS  CONTRIBUTIONS  TO A ROTH IRA: If you are  ineligible  and convert a
     Regular  IRA to a Roth IRA,  all or a part of the amount you convert may be
     an excess  contribution.  (Examples may include  conversions made when your
     Roth AGI exceeds  $100,000 or because you fail to timely make the  rollover
     contribution  from the  Regular  IRA to the Roth IRA).  In tax years  after
     1999,  you may also have an excess  contribution  if your  conversion  is a
"failed conversion" that is not timely corrected.                     

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
- B: 9 -

P-->N-4/A44thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust44th
     You will have an excess  contribution if the ineligible amounts you convert
     and the  contributions  you make to all your  IRAs for the tax year  exceed
     your IRA  contribution  limits for the year.  To avoid the 6% excise tax on
     excess  contributions,  you must  withdraw  the excess  contributions  plus
     earnings  before  the due  date of your tax  return  (plus  extensions)  or
     recharacterize   the   contribution,   if  permitted   (SEE  PART  III.  F.
RECHARACTERIZATION OF IRA AND ROTH IRA CONTRIBUTIONS ABOVE).          

H.   LOANS AND  PROHIBITED  TRANSACTIONS:  You may not borrow from your IRA Plan
     (including  Roth IRAs) or pledge it as  security  for a loan.  A loan would
     disqualify your entire IRA Plan, and its full value (or taxable portions of
     your Roth IRA or  non-deductible  Regular IRA) would be  includable in your
     taxable income in the year of violation.  This amount would also be subject
     to the 10%  penalty  tax on  premature  distributions.  Your IRA Plan  will
     similarly  be  disqualified  if  you  or  your  beneficiary  engage  in any
     transaction  prohibited  by Section  4975 of the Internal  Revenue  Code. A
     pledge  of your  IRA as  security  for a loan  will  cause  a  constructive
     distribution  of the portion pledged and also be subject to the 10% penalty
tax.                                                                  

I.   TAXABILITY OF REGULAR IRA  DISTRIBUTIONS:  Any cash  distribution from your
     IRA Plan,  other than a Roth IRA, is normally  taxable as ordinary  income.
     All IRAs of an individual  are treated as one contract.  All  distributions
     during a taxable year are treated as one distribution; and the value of the
     contract,  income  on the  contract,  and  investment  in the  contract  is
     computed  as of the close of the  calendar  year  with or within  which the
     taxable year ends. If an individual  withdraws an amount from an IRA during
     a taxable year and the individual has previously  made both  deductible and
     non-deductible IRA contributions, the amount excludable from income for the
     taxable  year is the portion of the amount  withdrawn  which bears the same
     ratio to the amount  withdrawn  for the  taxable  year as the  individual's
     aggregate  non-deductible IRA contributions bear to the balance of all IRAs
of the individual.                                                    

J.   TAXABILITY OF ROTH IRA DISTRIBUTIONS: "Qualified distributions" from a Roth
     IRA are not included in the taxpayer's  gross income and are not subject to
     the  additional  ten percent  (10%) early  withdrawal  penalty tax. To be a
     "qualified distribution," the distribution must satisfy a five-year holding
     period and meet one of the following four  requirements:  (1) be made on or
     after the date on which the individual  attains age 591/2; (2) be made to a
     beneficiary or the individual's  estate on or after the individual's death;
     (3)  be  attributable  to  the  individual  being  disabled;  or  (4)  be a
     distribution  to pay for a  "qualified"  first-time  home purchase (up to a
     lifetime  limit of  $10,000).  The  five-year  holding  period for escaping
     inclusion in income  begins with the first day of the tax year in which any
     contribution  (including a conversion from a Regular IRA) is made to a Roth
     IRA of the taxpayer. If the Roth IRA owner dies, this 5-taxable-year period
     is not  redetermined  for the  Roth  IRA  while it is held in the name of a
     beneficiary or a surviving spouse who treats the decedent's Roth IRA as his
     or her own.  However,  a surviving spouse who treats the Roth IRA as his or
     her own,  must  receive  any  distributions  as coming  from the  surviving
     spouse's  own Roth IRA,  thus it cannot be treated as being  received  by a
     beneficiary  on or after the  owner's  death for  purposes  of  determining
whether the distribution is a "qualified distribution".               

     If a distribution from a Roth IRA is not a "qualified  distribution" and it
     includes  amounts  allocable to  earnings,  the  earnings  distributed  are
     includable  in  taxable  income  and may be  subject  to the 10%  premature
     distribution  penalty if the  taxpayer is under age 59 1/2.  Also,  the 10%
     premature   distribution  penalty  tax  may  apply  to  conversion  amounts
     distributed  even  though  they  are  not  includable  in  income,  if  the
     distribution  is made within the  5-taxable-year  period  beginning  on the
     first  day of  the  individual's  taxable  year  in  which  the  conversion
     contribution  was made.  Only the portion of the  conversion  includable in
     income as a result of the  conversion  would be subject to the  penalty tax
     under this rule. The  5-taxable-year  period for this purpose is determined
     separately for each conversion  contribution and may not be the same as the
     5-taxable-year  period used to determine whether a distribution from a Roth
     IRA is a "qualified  distribution"  or not. FOR THIS REASON IT IS IMPORTANT
     THAT YOU KEEP TRACK OF WHEN YOUR CONVERSION  CONTRIBUTIONS ARE MADE TO YOUR
ROTH IRA. (SEE PART III. L., PREMATURE IRA DISTRIBUTIONS).            

     Unlike Regular IRAs,  distributions  from Roth IRAs come first from regular
     contributions,  then converted  amounts on a first-in  first-out basis, and
     last  from  earnings.   Any  distributions   made  before  2001  which  are
     attributable  to  1998  conversion   contributions  for  which  the  4-year
     income-tax  spread is being  utilized,  will result in an  acceleration  of
     taxable  income  in  the  year  of  distribution  up to the  amount  of the
     distribution  allocable to the 1998 conversion.  This amount is in addition
     to the amount otherwise includable in gross income for that taxable year as
     a result of the conversion,  but not in excess of the amount required to be
     included over the 4-year period. This tax treatment would likewise apply in
     the case of distributions made by a surviving spouse who elects to continue
     the  4-year  spread  on  death  of the  original  owner  of the  Roth  IRA.
     Generally,  all Roth IRAs (both regular Roth IRAs and Roth Conversion IRAs)
     must  be  treated  as one for  purposes  of  determining  the  taxation  of
     distributions.  However,  if a  Roth  IRA  is  held  by  an  individual  as
     beneficiary of a deceased Roth IRA owner, the 5-taxable-year period used to
     determine  whether   distributions  are  qualified  or  not  is  determined
     independently of the  5-year-taxable  period for the beneficiary's own Roth
     IRAs. However, if a surviving spouse elects to treat the Roth IRA as his or
     her own, the  5-year-taxable  period for all of the surviving spouse's Roth
     IRAs is the earlier of the end of either the 5-taxable-year  period for the
decedent or that applicable to the surviving spouse's own Roth IRAs.  

     THE  RULES   FOR   TAXING   NON-QUALIFIED   DISTRIBUTIONS   AND   PREMATURE
     DISTRIBUTIONS OF CONVERSION AMOUNTS FROM A ROTH IRA ARE COMPLEX.  TO ENSURE
     THAT YOU RECEIVE THE TAX RESULT YOU DESIRE,  YOU SHOULD  CONSULT  WITH YOUR
TAX ADVISOR BEFORE TAKING A DISTRIBUTION FROM A ROTH IRA.             

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - B: 10 -

P-->N-4/A45thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust45th
K.   LUMP SUM  DISTRIBUTION:  If you decide to receive the entire  value of your
     IRA Plan in one lump sum, the full amount is taxable when received  (except
     as to  non-deductible  contributions  to a Regular IRA or to a Roth IRA, or
     "qualified  distributions"  from a Roth IRA),  and is not  eligible for the
     special 5 or 10 year averaging tax rules under Code Section 402 on lump sum
     distributions   which  may  be  available  for  other  types  of  Qualified
Retirement Plans.                                                     

L.   PREMATURE IRA DISTRIBUTIONS:  There is a 10% penalty tax on taxable amounts
     distributed   from  your  IRA  (including   the  taxable   portion  of  any
     non-qualified   distributions  from  a  Roth  IRA,  or  if  you  receive  a
     distribution of conversion  amounts within the five-year  period  beginning
     with  the  year  of the  conversion,  any  amounts  distributed  that  were
     originally  taxable as a result of the conversion)  prior to the attainment
     of age 591/2,  except for: (1)  distributions  made to a beneficiary  on or
     after the owner's  death;  (2)  distributions  attributable  to the owner's
     being disabled as defined in Code Section 72(m)(7);  (3) distributions that
     are part of a series of  substantially  equal  periodic  payments  (made at
     least  annually)  for the life of the  annuitant  or the joint lives of the
     annuitant and his or her beneficiary;  (4)  distributions  made on or after
     January 1, 1997 for medical  expenses which exceed 7.5% of the  annuitant's
     adjusted gross income;  (5) distributions made on or after January 1, 1997,
     to purchase  health  insurance for the individual  and/or his or her spouse
     and dependents if he or she: (a) has received unemployment compensation for
     12 consecutive weeks or more; (b) the distributions are made during the tax
     year that the unemployment  compensation is paid or the following tax year;
     and (c) the  individual has not been  re-employed  for 60 days or more; (6)
     distributions made on or after January 1, 1998 for certain qualified higher
     education expenses of the taxpayer,  the taxpayer's spouse, or any child or
     grandchild  of the  taxpayer or the  taxpayer's  spouse;  or (7)  qualified
     first-time home buyer distributions made on or after January 1, 1998 (up to
     a lifetime  maximum of $10,000)  used within 120 days of withdrawal to buy,
     build or  rebuild  a first  home  that is the  principal  residence  of the
     individual, his or her spouse, or any child, grandchild, or ancestor of the
     individual or spouse. Generally, the part of a distribution attributable to
     non-deductible contributions is not includable in income and is not subject
     to the 10% penalty.  (BUT SEE ROTH IRA EXCEPTIONS BELOW).  Also,  beginning
     January 1,  2000,  distributions  to satisfy a levy  issued by the IRS will
also be exempt from the 10% penalty tax.                              

     Distributions  from a SIMPLE Plan during the two-year  period  beginning on
     the date the employee first participated in the employer's SIMPLE Plan will
   be subject to a 25% (rather than 10%) premature distribution penalty tax.

     Distributions  from a Roth IRA made before the expiration of the applicable
     5 year holding period (SEE  TAXABILITY OF ROTH IRA  DISTRIBUTIONS)  are not
     treated as qualified  distributions  and are subject to the 10% penalty tax
     to the extent they are  includable  in taxable  income.  In  addition,  any
     conversion  amounts  distributed within the five-year period beginning with
     the year in which the conversion  occurred,  are subject to the 10% penalty
     tax even if the distribution is not currently taxable as income, unless one
     of the above mentioned  exceptions to the penalty tax applies.  The penalty
     tax will only apply to the amount of the conversion  that was includable in
     income  as a  result  of  the  conversion  (i.e.,  it  will  not  apply  to
 non-deductible contributions that were converted from the Regular IRA).

M.   MINIMUM REQUIRED  DISTRIBUTIONS:  SEE PART II. F.1. AND F.2.,  NON-ROTH IRA
     MINIMUM  DISTRIBUTION   REQUIREMENTS  AND  ROTH  IRA  MINIMUM  DISTRIBUTION
     REQUIREMENTS.  If  a  minimum  distribution  is  not  made  from  your  IRA
     (including a Roth IRA) for a tax year in which it is required,  the excess,
     in any taxable year, of the amount that should have been  distributed  over
     the amount  that was  actually  distributed  is subject to an excise tax of
50%.                                                                  

N.   GIFT AND ESTATE TAX  CONSEQUENCES:  The  designation  of a  beneficiary  to
     receive  funds  from a Regular or a Roth IRA is not  considered  a transfer
     subject  to  federal  gift  taxes.  However,  funds  remaining  in your IRA
     (Regular or Roth) at the time of your death are  includable in your federal
     gross estate for tax purposes.  In addition, if the owner of an IRA or Roth
     IRA transfers his or her IRA or Roth IRA to another individual by gift, the
     gift will be considered  an  assignment  and cause the assets of the IRA or
     Roth IRA to be  deemed  distributed  to the  owner,  and will no  longer be
     treated as held in the IRA. The IRS has indicated  that for gifts of a Roth
     IRA made prior to October 1, 1998,  if the entire  interest in the Roth IRA
     is reconveyed to the original Roth IRA owner prior to January 1, 1999,  the
IRS will disregard the gift and reconveyance for most tax purposes.   

O.   MAXIMUM  DISTRIBUTIONS:  The Taxpayer  Relief Act of 1997 repealed both the
     15% excess accumulation estate tax and excess distribution excise tax which
     previously  applied to excess  retirement plan  accumulations  at death and
     excess lifetime retirement plan distributions. These rules are repealed for
plan distributions made and decedents who die after December 31, 1996.

P.   TAX  FILING-REGULAR  IRAS:  You are not  required to file a special IRA tax
     form for any  taxable  year (1) for which no penalty  tax is  imposed  with
     respect to the IRA Plan, and (2) in which the only  activities  engaged in,
     with  respect to the IRA Plan,  are  making  deductible  contributions  and
     receiving   permissible    distributions.    Information   regarding   such
     contributions or distributions  will be included on your regular Form 1040.
     In some  years,  you may be  required to file Form 5329 and/or Form 8606 in
     connection  with your Regular IRA.  Form 5329 is filed as an  attachment to
     Form 1040 or 1040A for any tax year that  special  penalty  taxes  apply to
     your IRA. If you make  non-deductible  contributions  to a regular IRA, you
     must  designate  those  contributions  as  non-deductible  on Form 8606 and
     attach it to your Form 1040 or 1040A. There is a $100 penalty each time you
     overstate the amount of your  non-deductible  contributions  unless you can
     prove the overstatement was due to reasonable cause. Additional information
     is required on Form 8606 in years you receive a distribution from a Regular
     IRA.  There is a $50 penalty for each failure to file a required  Form 8606
unless you can prove the failure was due to reasonable                

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - B: 11 -

P-->N-4/A46thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust46th
     cause.  For further  information,  consult the  instructions  for Form 5329
     (Additional  Taxes  Attributable to Qualified  Retirement  Plans (including
     IRAs),  Annuities,  and Modified  Endowment  Contracts),  Form 8606 and IRS
Publication 590.                                                      

Q.   TAX  FILING-ROTH  IRA: It is your  responsibility  to keep  records of your
     regular and conversion  contributions  to a Roth IRA and to file any income
     tax forms the  Internal  Revenue  Service  may require of you as a Roth IRA
     owner.  You will need this  information to calculate your taxable income if
     any, when  distributions  from the Roth IRA begin. For example,  conversion
     contributions  must be reported  to the Service on Form 8606.  Form 5329 is
     required  to be filed to the Service by you to report and remit any penalty
     or excise taxes.  Consult the  instructions  to your tax return or your tax
     advisor for additional  reporting  requirements that may apply.  Additional
information is also available in IRS Publication 590.                 

R.   TAX ADVICE:  The Company is providing this general  information as required
     by  regulations  issued  under the  Internal  Revenue  Code and  assumes no
     responsibility for its application to your particular tax situation. Please
     consult with your personal tax advisor regarding specific questions you may
have.                                                                 

     With respect to ROTH IRAS,  you should be aware that  Congress has recently
     enacted  legislation  that  substantially  revises  the rules  relating  to
     distributions  from and conversions to Roth IRAs which applies  retroactive
     to January 1, 1998.  Because of this, and because guidance  regarding these
     changes has just recently been finalized by the Internal  Revenue  Service,
     you  should  consult  with a tax  advisor  prior  to  establishing,  making
     contributions to, or taking  distributions  from a Roth IRA, to ensure that
you receive the tax result you anticipate.                            

S.   ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION:  You may obtain more  information  about IRA Plans
from any district office of the IRS and IRS Publication 590.          

PART IV. STATUS OF THE COMPANY'S IRA PLAN:                                      

INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE APPROVAL LETTER:  The Company has not received approval
from the Internal Revenue Service as to the form of OVERTURE  ACCLAIM!  Variable
Annuity (Form 4880), for use in funding Regular IRA plans, nor a SIMPLE IRA. The
Company uses an IRS model Roth IRA endorsement which is "deemed approved: by the
IRS. Such approval, when received, is a determination only as to the form of the
Annuity  Contract,  and does not represent a determination  of the merits of the
annuity.                                                                        

PART V. FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:                                                   

The  following  is a  general  description  and  required  financial  disclosure
information for the variable annuity product, OVERTURE ACCLAIM! Variable Annuity
(Form 4880) offered by First Ameritas, hereafter referred to as the policy.     

In order for you to achieve your retirement  objectives,  you should be prepared
to make  your IRA Plan a long  term  savings  program.  An IRA is not  suited to
short-term savings,  nor was it intended to be by Congress,  as indicated by the
general rule that penalties apply to withdrawals  before age 59 1/2,  subject to
certain exceptions (see PART III;  PREMATURE IRA  DISTRIBUTIONS).  However,  you
should be aware of the values in your IRA Plan during the early years as well as
at retirement.                                                                  

Prior to the annuity date,  the policy  allows you to accumulate  funds based on
the  investment  experience of the assets  underlying the policy in the Separate
Account or the Fixed Account.  Currently, the assets which underlie the Separate
Account are invested exclusively in shares of mutual funds, the "Funds", managed
or  administered  by  several  fund  managers.  Each of the  Subaccounts  of the
Separate Account invest solely in the corresponding  portfolio of the Funds. The
assets of each portfolio are held separately from the other  portfolios and each
has distinct  investment  objectives  which are  described  in the  accompanying
prospectus  for the Funds which you would have received when making the purchase
of your  annuity.  The  accumulation  value of your IRA  Plan  allocated  to the
Separate Account will vary in accordance with the investment  performance of the
Subaccounts you selected.  Therefore,  for assets in the Separate  Account,  you
bear the entire investment risk prior to the annuity date.                      

Premium  payments and subsequent  allocations to the Fixed Account are placed in
the  general  account  of the  Company  which  supports  insurance  and  annuity
obligations.  Policyowners  are paid interest on the amounts placed in the Fixed
Account at guaranteed rates (3.5%) or at higher rates declared by the Company.  

ACCUMULATION  VALUE: On the effective date, the accumulation value of the policy
is equal to the  premium  received,  reduced by any  applicable  premium  taxes.
Thereafter,  the accumulation  value of the policy is determined as of the close
of trading on the New York Stock  Exchange on each valuation date by multiplying
the number of accumulation  units for each Subaccount  credited to the policy by
the current value of an accumulation unit for each Subaccount, and by adding the
amount  deposited in the Fixed Account,  plus interest.  The current value of an
accumulation  unit  reflects the increase or decrease in value due to investment
results of the Subaccount and certain charges, as described below. The number of
accumulation units credited to the policy is decreased by any annual policy fee,
any withdrawals and any charges upon  withdrawal  and, upon  annuitization,  any
applicable premium taxes and charges.                                           

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - B: 12 -

P-->N-4/A47thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust47th
A valuation period is the period between  successive  valuation dates. It begins
at the close of trading on the New York Stock  Exchange on each  valuation  date
and ends at the  close of  trading  on the next  succeeding  valuation  date.  A
valuation  date is each  day  that  the New  York  Stock  Exchange  is open  for
business.                                                                       

The accumulation  value is expected to change from valuation period to valuation
period,  reflecting the net investment  experience of the selected portfolios of
the Funds,  interest earned in the Fixed Account,  additional  premium payments,
partial  withdrawals,  as well as the deduction of any applicable  charges under
the  policy.  GROWTH  IN THE  ACCUMULATION  VALUE  BASED ON  INVESTMENTS  IN THE
SEPARATE ACCOUNT IS NEITHER GUARANTEED NOR PROJECTED.                           

VALUE OF  ACCUMULATION  UNITS:  The  accumulation  units of each  Subaccount are
valued  separately.  The value of an accumulation unit may change each valuation
period  according to the net investment  performance of the shares  purchased by
each  Subaccount and the daily charge under the policy for mortality and expense
risks, any daily  administrative  fee, and if applicable,  any federal and state
income tax charges.                                                             

CASH SURRENDER VALUE: The amount available for full or partial withdrawal, which
is the  accumulation  value  less any  contingent  deferred  sales  charge,  any
applicable  premium  taxes,  and, in the case of a full  withdrawal,  the annual
policy fee.                                                                     

ANNUAL  POLICY  FEE:  An  annual  policy  fee  of  $36,  is  deducted  from  the
accumulation  value on the last valuation date of each policy year and on a full
withdrawal if between policy  anniversaries.  This charge reimburses the Company
for the administrative  costs of maintaining the policy on the Company's system.
This charge is a maximum of $40 and may be reduced or eliminated. First Ameritas
currently  waives  this  charge if the  accumulation  value of your policy is at
least $50,000.                                                                  

DAILY  ADMINISTRATIVE FEE:  A daily  charge  at an  annual  rate of 0.15% of the
accumulation  value.  This charge,  which is guaranteed not to be increased,  is
designed  to  reimburse  the  Company for  administrative  expenses  incurred in
connection with issuing the policy and ongoing administrative  expenses incurred
in connection  with  servicing and  maintaining  the  policies.  These  expenses
include the cost of processing the application and premium payment, establishing
policy records,  processing and servicing owner transactions and policy changes,
recordkeeping,  preparing and mailing reports,  processing death benefit claims,
and overhead costs.                                                             

MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGE: The Company imposes a charge to compensate it
for bearing certain mortality and expense risks under the policies. For assuming
these risks,  the Company  makes a daily charge equal to an annual rate of 1.25%
of the value of the  average  daily net assets of the  Account.  This  charge is
subtracted  when  determining  the daily  accumulation  unit value.  The Company
guarantees that this charge will never increase.  If this charge is insufficient
to cover assumed risks,  the loss will fall on the Company.  Conversely,  if the
charge  proves more than  sufficient,  any excess will be added to the Company's
surplus. No mortality and expense risk charge is imposed on the Fixed Account.  

TAXES:  The  Company  will,  where such taxes are  imposed by state law upon the
receipt of a premium payment, deduct premium taxes. If premium taxes are imposed
upon  annuitization,  the Company will deduct  applicable  premium taxes at that
time. Applicable premium tax rates depend upon such factors as the policyowner's
current state of residency, and the insurance laws and the status of the Company
in states where premium taxes are  incurred.  Currently,  premium taxes will not
exceed 2% of the  premium  paid.  Applicable  premium  tax rates are  subject to
change by  legislation,  administrative  interpretations,  or judicial acts. The
owner will be notified of any applicable premium taxes.                         

PARTIAL AND FULL WITHDRAWALS:  The owner may make a partial or a full withdrawal
of the  policy  to  receive  part or all of the  accumulation  value  (less  any
applicable charges), at any time before the annuity date and while the annuitant
is living, by sending a written request to the Company.  Partial withdrawals may
be  either  systematic  or  elective.  Systematic  withdrawals  provide  for  an
automatic  withdrawal,  whereas, each elective withdrawal must be elected by the
owner.  Systematic  partial  withdrawals are available on a monthly,  quarterly,
semi annual, or annual mode. If an annuity option is elected, no partial or full
withdrawals  may be made after the annuity  date except as  permitted  under the
particular  annuity option.  Systematic or partial  withdrawals may be continued
after the annuity date, for Qualified  Policies,  with First Ameritas'  consent.
The amount available for a full or partial  withdrawal (cash surrender value) is
the  accumulation  value at the end of the  valuation  period  during  which the
written request for withdrawal is received,  less any contingent  deferred sales
charge, any applicable premium taxes, and in the case of a full withdrawal, less
the annual policy fee that would be due on the last valuation date of the policy
year.  The cash surrender  value may be paid in a lump sum to the owner,  or, if
elected, all or any part may be paid out under an annuity income option.        

SALES  COMMISSIONS:  No deductions are made from the premium  payments for sales
charges. Commissions paid by the Company to broker-dealers may vary, but are not
expected to exceed 1% of premiums  paid.  Broker-dealers  may also receive asset
based administrative  compensation of up to 1% (annualized).  From time to time,
additional sales incentives may be provided to broker- dealers.                 

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - B: 13 -

P-->N-4/A48thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust48th
FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK LOGO                            
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN                                               
INFORMATION STATEMENT                                               
401(A) PENSION/PROFIT SHARING PLANS                                 
403(B) ERISA PLANS                                                  

For  purchasers of a 401(a)  Pension/Profit  Sharing Plan, or 403(b) ERISA Plan,
the purpose of this  statement is to inform you as an  independent  Fiduciary of
the Employee  Benefit Plan, of the Sales  Representative's  relationship  to and
compensation  from  First  Ameritas  Life  Insurance  Corp.  of New York  (First
Ameritas),  as well as to describe  certain fees and charges  under the OVERTURE
ACCLAIM! Variable Annuity Policy being purchased from the Sales Representative. 

The  Sales  Representative  is  appointed  with  First  Ameritas  as  its  Sales
Representative and is a Securities Registered Representative.  In this position,
the Sales  Representative  is employed  to procure and submit to First  Ameritas
applications  for  contracts,   including  applications  for  OVERTURE  ACCLAIM!
Variable Annuity.                                                               

COMMISSIONS, FEES AND CHARGES                                                   

The following commissions,  fees and charges apply to OVERTURE ACCLAIM! Variable
Annuity (policy):                                                               

SALES  COMMISSION:  No deductions  are made from the premium  payments for sales
charges. Commissions paid by the Company to broker-dealers may vary, but are not
expected to exceed 1% of premiums  paid.  Broker-dealers  may also receive asset
based administrative  compensation of up to 1% (annualized).  From time to time,
additional sales incentives may be provided to broker- dealers.                 

ANNUAL  POLICY  FEE:  An annual  policy  fee of up to $40 is  deducted  from the
accumulation  value in the policy on the last valuation date of each policy year
or on a full withdrawal if between policy anniversaries.  This charge reimburses
First Ameritas for the  administrative  costs of maintaining the policy on First
Ameritas's  system.  This  charge  is  subtracted  when  determining  the  daily
accumulation  unit value.  First  Ameritas  currently  waives this charge if the
accumulation value of your policy is at least $50,000.                          

DAILY  ADMINISTRATIVE FEE: The daily  administrative fee is a daily charge at an
annual rate of .15% of the accumulation  value. This charge is guaranteed not to
increase and is designed to reimburse First Ameritas for administrative expenses
of issuing,  servicing and  maintaining  the policies.  First  Ameritas does not
expect to make a profit on this fee.                                            

MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGE: First Ameritas imposes a charge to compensate
it for bearing  certain  mortality and expense  risks under the policies.  First
Ameritas  makes a daily  charge equal to an annual rate of 1.25% of the value of
the average daily net assets of the Account  under the policies.  This charge is
subtracted when determining the daily  accumulation  unit value.  First Ameritas
guarantees that this charge will never increase.  If this charge is insufficient
to cover assumed risks, the loss will fall on First Ameritas. Conversely, if the
charge proves more than sufficient, any excess will be added to First Ameritas's
surplus. No mortality and expense risk charge is imposed on the Fixed Account.  

PARTIAL  AND FULL  WITHDRAWALS:  The  policyowner  may make a partial  or a full
withdrawal of the policy to receive part or all of the accumulation  value (less
any  applicable  charges),  at any time  before the  annuity  date and while the
annuitant  is living by  sending a written  request to First  Ameritas.  Partial
withdrawals may be either systematic or elective. Systematic withdrawals provide
for an automatic  withdrawal,  whereas, each elective withdrawal must be elected
by the owner.  Systematic  partial  withdrawals  are available only on an annual
mode. No partial or full  withdrawals  may be made after the annuity date except
as permitted  under the particular  annuity option or as may be permitted  under
the Plan and the Internal  Revenue Code and applicable  regulations.  The amount
available  for  partial  or  full  withdrawal  (cash  surrender  value)  is  the
accumulation  value at the end of the valuation  period during which the written
request for withdrawal is received,  less any contingent  deferred sales charge,
any applicable  premium taxes, and in the case of a full withdrawal,  the annual
policy fee that would be due on the last  valuation date of the policy year. The
cash surrender value may be paid in a lump sum to the owner, or if elected,  all
or any part may be paid out under an annuity income option.                     
TAXES:  First  Ameritas  will  deduct  premium  taxes upon  receipt of a premium
payment or upon annuitization  depending upon the requirements of the law of the
state of the policyowner's residence.  Currently,  premium taxes will not exceed
2% of the premium paid, but are subject to change by legislation, administrative
interpretations, or judicial act.                                               

FUND INVESTMENT ADVISORY FEES AND EXPENSES: At the direction of the policyowner,
the  Separate  Account  purchases  shares  of  Funds  which  are  available  for
investment  under this  policy.  The net  assets of the  Separate  Account  will
reflect the value of the Fund shares and therefore, investment advisory fees and
other expenses of the Funds.  A complete  description of these fees and expenses
is contained in the Funds' Prospectuses.                                        

FALIC Overture Acclaim !                                                        
 - B: 14 -

P-->N-4/A49thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust49th
 THANK YOU
for reviewing this Prospectus. You should also
 review the series fund prospectuses for those
Subaccount variable investment option underlying
portfolios you wish to select.

IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS,
 contact your sales representative, or
write or call us at:

 FOR APPLICATION AND RELATED QUESTIONS
 First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York
400 Rella Blvd, #304
Suffern, NY 10901 Telephone:
1-877-380-1586
Fax:

 FOR ALL OTHER MATTERS
 First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York
Service Center
P.O. Box 82550
 Lincoln, Nebraska 68501
or
 5900 "O" Street
 Lincoln, Nebraska 68510
 Telephone: 1-800-745-1112
 Fax: 1-800-745-6153
  www.newyork.ameritas.com
REMEMBER, THE CORRECT FORM
is important for us to accurately process your
 Policy elections and changes. Many can be found
 on our website "on-line services" site. Or, call us
at our toll-free number and we'll send you the
form you need.

|_|   STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL                                                   
INFORMATION TABLE OF CONTENTS 

      A Statement of Additional  Information and other  information about us and
the  Policy  with  the  same  date  as this  prospectus  contains  more  details
concerning the disclosures in this prospectus.                                  
      For   a   free    copy,    access    it   on   the    SEC's    Web    site
(WWW.SEC.GOV/EDAUX/PROSPECT.HTM, and type in "First Ameritas"), or write or call
us. Here is the Table of Contents for the Statement of Additional Information:  

BEGIN ON
PAGE
General Information and History        2                                        
Services                                                                        
Purchase of Securities Being Offered                                            
Underwriters                                                                    
Calculation of Performance             2                                        
Standardized Performance Reporting                                          
Non-Standardized Performance Reporting                                      
Our Performance Reports                                                     
Yields                                                                      
Additional Tax Information             6                                        
General                                                                     
Withholding Tax on Distributions                                            
Diversification                                                             
Owner Control                                                               
Multiple Contracts                                                          
Partial 1035 Exchanges                                                      
Contracts Owned by other than Natural                                       
Persons                                                               
Death Benefits                                                              
Tax Treatment of Assignments                                                
Qualified Plans                                                             
Tax Treatment of Withdrawals                                                
Types of Qualified Plans                                                    
Other Information                      12                                       
Service Marks & Copyright                                                       
Financial Statements                                                            

FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK LOGO

(C) First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York                             

FALIC Overture Acclaim !              LAST PAGE                                 

P-->N-4/A50thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust50th
                                                          REGISTRATION 333-39240

 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
DATED: ___________, 2000
 FOR
OVERTURE ACCLAIM ! FLEXIBLE PREMIUM DEFERRED VARIABLE ANNUITY POLICY
 ISSUED BY: FIRST AMERITAS VARIABLE ANNUITY SEPARATE ACCOUNT
OF FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK

This  Statement  of  Additional  Information  is not a  prospectus.  It contains
information  in addition to and more detailed  than set forth in the  prospectus
and should be read in  conjunction  with the Policy  prospectus  dated  _______,
2000.  The  prospectus  may be obtained from our Service Center by writing us at
P.O. Box 82550, Lincoln,  Nebraska 68501, by e-mailing us through our website at
www.newyork.ameritas.com, or by calling us at 1-800-745-1112. Defined terms used
in the current prospectus for the Policies are incorporated in this Statement.  

 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                    PAGE
General Information and History                 2           
Services                                                    
Purchase of Securities Being Offered                        
Underwriters                                                
Calculation of Performance                      2           
Standardized Performance Reporting                      
Non-Standardized Performance Reporting                  
Our Performance Reports                                 
Yields                                                  
Additional Tax  Information                     6           
General                                                     
Withholding Tax on  Distributions                           
Diversification                                             
Owner Control                                           
Multiple  Contracts                                         
Partial 1035 Exchanges                                      
Contracts Owned by other than  Natural  Persons             
Death  Benefits                                             
Tax  Treatment  of  Assignments                             
Qualified Plans                                         
Tax Treatment of Withdrawals                                
Types of Qualified Plans                                    
Other Information                               12          
Service Marks & Copyright                                   
Financial Statements                                        

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     1                                       

P-->N-4/A51stPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust51st
GENERAL INFORMATION AND HISTORY                                                 
First  Ameritas  Variable  Annuity  Separate  Account is a  separate  investment
account of First Ameritas Life Insurance  Corp. of New York ("we, us, our, First
Ameritas").  We are a stock life insurance company organized under the insurance
laws of the  State of New York in 1993.  We are a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., Nebraska's oldest insurance company - in business
since  1887.  We are  subject  to New  York  law and  regulated  by the New York
Department of Insurance.  We currently conduct insurance business only, and only
in the  State  of New  York.  We are an  affiliate  of  Ameritas  Variable  Life
Insurance  Company,  which conducts  similar  variable annuity and variable life
business in all states except Maine, New York and Vermont.                      

SERVICES                                                                        

We are the  custodian of the assets of the Separate  Account.  The custodian has
custody of all funds of the Separate Account and collects  proceeds of shares of
the Subaccount underlying portfolios bought and sold by the Separate Account. We
are also the custodian of Policy assets in the Fixed Account,  which are held in
our general account.                                                            

The statutory  basis financial  statements  included in this Statement have been
audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, 1248 "O" Street Suite 1040, Lincoln,  Nebraska
68508, independent auditors, as stated in their report appearing herein, and are
included in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their  authority as
experts in accounting and auditing.                                             

All matters of state and federal law pertaining to the Policies have been passed
upon by our internal legal staff.                                               

PURCHASE OF SECURITIES BEING OFFERED                                            

The  Policy  will be sold by  licensed  insurance  agents  in  states  where the
Policies may be lawfully sold. The agents will be registered  representatives of
broker-dealers that are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
members of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (NASD).         

UNDERWRITERS                                                                    

The Policy is offered  continuously  and is distributed  by Ameritas  Investment
Corp ("AIC"), 5900 "0" Street,  Lincoln,  Nebraska 68510. AIC is a subsidiary of
AMAL  Corporation,  a holding  company that is a joint  venture of Ameritas Life
Insurance  Corp. and AmerUs Life Insurance  Company,  both of which guaranty the
performance  of AIC.  AIC enters  into  contracts  with  various  broker-dealers
("Distributors")  to distribute  Policies.  Since we just began issuing Policies
under the Separate  Account  concurrent  with the  effective  date of the Policy
prospectus,  we have not previously  paid any  compensation to AIC for principal
underwriter or distribution services.                                           

CALCULATION OF PERFORMANCE                                                      

When  we  advertise  performance  for a  Subaccount  (except  any  Money  Market
Subaccount),  we will include  quotations of  standardized  average annual total
return to facilitate  comparison with  standardized  average annual total return
advertised by other variable annuity  separate  accounts.  Standardized  average
annual total return for a Subaccount will be shown for periods  beginning on the
date the Subaccount first invested in a corresponding series fund portfolio.  We
will  calculate  standardized  average  annual  total  return  according  to the
standard methods  prescribed by rules of the Securities and Exchange  Commission
("SEC").                                                                        

We report  average  annual  total return  information  via internet and periodic
printed reports.  Average annual total return quotations on our internet website
will be current as of the previous  Business Day.  Printed  average annual total
return  information  may be current  to the last  Business  Day of the  previous
calendar  week,  month,  or  quarter  preceding  the date on  which a report  is
submitted  for  publication.  Both  standardized  average  annual  total  return
quotations and                                                                  

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     2                                       

P-->N-4/A52ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust52nd
non-standardized  total return  quotations  will cover at least  periods of one,
five,  and ten years,  or a period  covering the time the Subaccount has been in
existence, if it has not been in existence for one of the prescribed periods. If
the  corresponding  series fund  portfolio has been in existence for longer than
the  Subaccount,  the  non-standardized  total return  quotations  will show the
investment  performance  the  Subacount  would  have  achieved  (reduced  by the
applicable  charges) had it been  invested in the series fund  portfolio for the
period  quoted;  this  is  referred  to  as  "adjusted  historical"  performance
reporting. Standardized average annual total return is not available for periods
before the Subaccount was in existence.                                         

Quotations  of  standardized  average  annual total return and  non-standardized
total return are based on historical earnings and will fluctuate.  Any quotation
of  performance  should not be  considered  a guarantee  of future  performance.
Factors affecting the performance of a Subaccount and it's corresponding  series
fund  portfolio  include  general  market  conditions,  operating  expenses  and
investment  management.  An Owner's  withdrawal value upon surrender of a Policy
may be more or less than the premium invested in the Policy.                    

STANDARDIZED PERFORMANCE REPORTING                                              
Standardized  average annual total return for a specific period is calculated by
taking a hypothetical  $1,000  investment in a Subaccount at the offering on the
first  day of the  period  ("initial  investment"),  and  computing  the  ending
redeemable  value  ("redeemable  value")  of that  investment  at the end of the
period.  The  redeemable  value is then  divided by the initial  investment  and
expressed  as a  percentage,  carried  to at least the  nearest  hundredth  of a
percent. Standardized average annual total return is annualized and reflects the
deduction of the guaranteed maximum mortality and expense fee and administrative
expense charge,  the guaranteed maximum annual Policy Fee, and is presented both
with and  without  the  guaranteed  maximum  charge  for all  optional  features
(presently  only a Periodic  Step-Up  Guaranteed  Minimum  Death  Benefit).  The
redeemable  value also reflects the effect of any applicable  withdrawal  charge
that may be imposed at the end of the period.  No  deduction is made for premium
taxes  which may be  assessed  by  certain  states.  (New York does not impose a
premium tax on variable annuity policy premium.)                                

NON-STANDARDIZED PERFORMANCE REPORTING                                          
We may also  advertise  non-standardized  total return.  Non-standardized  total
return may assume:  (1) the Policy is not surrendered,  so no withdrawal charges
are levied;  (2) the  Subaccounts  have  existed  for  periods  other than those
required to be presented; (3) current charges are incurred if they are less than
the Policy's  guaranteed  maximum charges;  or (4) may differ from  standardized
average  annual total return in other ways  disclosed in the table  description.
Non-standardized  total return may also assume a larger initial investment which
more  closely  approximates  the size of a typical  Policy.  For these  reasons,
non-standardized  total  returns  for  a  Subaccount  are  usually  higher  than
standardized total returns for a Subaccount.                                    

OUR PERFORMANCE REPORTS                                                         
Since the Separate  Account just  commenced  operations on the effective date of
this Prospectus, we do not have any standardized average annual total returns to
report  for  each  investment   portfolio  (except  the  Ameritas  Money  Market
Subaccount).  When we do,  they will be shown for 1, 5, and 10 year  periods and
since inception of each Separate Account  Subaccount (more recent returns may be
more or less than the stated returns due to market volatility).                 

The  non-standardized  average annual total returns that each Subaccount (except
any Money Market  Subaccount) would have achieved if it had been invested in the
corresponding  series fund portfolio for the periods indicated,  calculated in a
manner similar to standardized  average annual total return (more recent returns
may be more or less than the stated returns due to market volatility) are:      

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     3                                       

P-->N-4/A53rdPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust53rd
NON-STANDARDIZED "ADJUSTED HISTORICAL" AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN              
FOR PERIOD ENDING ON 12/31/1999                                                 
(REFLECTS BASE POLICY CHARGES THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO THE SEPARATE  ACCOUNT ONLY;
E.G., NO POLICY FEE, NO WITHDRAWAL  CHARGES,  AND NO OPTIONAL  FEATURE  CHARGES.
ALSO REFLECTS  EXPERIENCE  OF THE  SUBACCOUNT  UNDERLYING  PORTFOLIO FOR PERIODS
BEYOND THE  SUBACCOUNT'S  OWN  INCEPTION  DATE.)                                
(COMPUTED ON THE SAME BASIS AS STANDARDIZED  TOTAL RETURN EXCEPT CURRENT CHARGES
ARE USED RATHER THAN GUARANTEED MAXIMUM CHARGES, NO POLICY FEE IS REFLECTED, AND
NO WITHDRAWAL  CHARGES ARE REFLECTED  SINCE THE POLICY IS INTENDED FOR LONG TERM
INVESTMENT.  ASSUMES NO OPTIONAL  FEATURE IS SELECTED.)  REFLECTS THESE EXPENSES
DEDUCTED DAILY FROM POLICY SEPARATE  ACCOUNT ASSETS TO EQUAL THE ANNUAL % SHOWN:
MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGE OF 1.25% AND  ADMINISTRATIVE  EXPENSE  CURRENT
CHARGE OF 0.15%.                                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


o Subaccount                               One Year          Five Year       Ten Year or, if less
  Underlying porfolio inception date                                          Since Inception    
                                           Continue Policy   Continue Policy  Continue Policy    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ALGER                                                                                            
o  Alger American Balanced (9/5/89)            27.44%            21.89%           12.19%         
o  Alger American Leveraged AllCap (1/25/95)   75.63%              NA             44.42%         
AMERITAS PORTFOLIOS (subadvisor)                                                                 
o  Ameritas Growth (Fred Alger) (1/9/89)       32.82%            29.27%           21.24%         
o  Ameritas Income & Growth                                                                      
   (Fred Alger) (11/15/88)                     42.73%            31.54%           17.45%         
o  Ameritas MidCap Growth                                                                        
   (Fred Alger) (5/3/93)                       30.02%            24.39%           22.99%         
o  Ameritas Small Capitalization                                                                 
   (Fred Alger) (9/21/88)                      45.81%            21.68%           16.92%         
o  Ameritas Emerging Growth                                                                      
   (MFS Co.) (7/24/95)                         73.93%              NA             34.47%         
o  Ameritas Growth With Income                                                                   
   (MFS Co.) (10/9/95)                          4.57%              NA             19.26%         
o  Ameritas Research (MFS Co.) (7/26/95)       21.89%              NA             21.05%         
o  Ameritas Index 500 (State Street) (8/1/95)  18.94%              NA             24.50%         
CALVERT SOCIAL                                                                                   
o  CVS Social Balanced (9/2/86)                11.23%            17.02%           11.05%         
o  CVS Social International Equity (6/30/92)   31.78%            17.06%           13.72%         
o  CVS Social Mid Cap Growth (7/16/91)          5.90%            19.80%           13.06%         
o  CVS Social Small Cap Growth (3/15/95)       18.38%              NA              7.60%         
FIDELITY (Service Class 2)                                                                       
o  VIP Asset Manager (9/6/89)                   9.55%            14.02%           11.57%         
o  VIP Asset Manager: Growth (1/3/95)          13.66%              NA             18.48%         
o  VIP Contrafund (1/3/95)                     22.54%              NA             25.96%         
o  VIP Equity-Income (10/9/86)                  4.85%            16.96%           12.89%         
o  VIP Growth (10/9/86)                        35.55%            27.92%           18.25%         
o  VIP High Income (9/19/85)                    6.59%             9.33%           10.86%         
o  VIP Investment Grade Bond (12/5/88)         -2.42%             5.80%            5.69%         
o  VIP Overseas (1/28/87)                      40.26%            15.82%            9.87%         
MFS                                                                                              
o  Global Governments (6/14/94)                -3.85%             2.95%            2.66%         
o  New Discovery (5/1/98)                      72.65%              NA             40.11%         
o  Utilities (1/3/95)                          29.01%              NA             24.70%         
MORGAN STANLEY                                                                                   
o  Emerging Markets Equity (10/1/96)           92.04%              NA             10.48%         
o  Global Equity (1/2/97)                       2.66%              NA             10.65%         
o  International Magnum (1/2/97)               23.51%              NA             11.84%         
o  U.S. Real Estate (3/3/97)                   -2.84%              NA             -0.61%         


 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     4                                       

P-->N-4/A54thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust54th
YIELDS                                                                          
We may  advertise  the  current  annualized  yield  for a  30-day  period  for a
Subaccount.  The annualized yield of a Subaccount refers to the income generated
by the  Ssubaccount  over a  specified  30-day  period.  Because  this  yield is
annualized,  the yield  generated  by a Subaccount  during the 30-day  period is
assumed to be generated  each 30-day  period.  THE YIELD IS COMPUTED BY DIVIDING
THE NET INVESTMENT  INCOME PER ACCUMULATION UNIT EARNED DURING THE PERIOD BY THE
PRICE  PER  UNIT ON THE  LAST  DAY OF THE  PERIOD,  ACCORDING  TO THE  FOLLOWING
FORMULA:                                                                        
YIELD=2[(A - B +1)6 - 1]
----- 
  cd

WHERE A=NET INVESTMENT  INCOME EARNED DURING THE PERIOD BY THE PORTFOLIO COMPANY
ATTRIBUTABLE  TO SHARES  OWNED BY THE  SUBACCOUNT,  B=EXPENSES  ACCRUED  FOR THE
PERIOD (NET OF REIMBURSEMENTS), C=THE AVERAGE DAILY NUMBER OF ACCUMULATION UNITS
OUTSTANDING DURING THE PERIOD, AND D=THE MAXIMUM OFFERING PRICE PER ACCUMULATION
UNIT ON THE LAST DAY OF THE PERIOD. THE YIELD REFLECTS THE BASE POLICY MORTALITY
AND EXPENSE RISK FEE AND  ADMINISTRATIVE  EXPENSE CHARGE.  NET INVESTMENT INCOME
WILL BE DETERMINED  ACCORDING TO RULES ESTABLISHED BY THE SEC. THE YIELD ASSUMES
AN AVERAGE  POLICY SIZE OF  $75,000,  SO NO POLICY FEE IS  APPLICABLE,  AND ALSO
ASSUMES THE POLICY  WILL  CONTINUE  (SINCE THE POLICY IS INTENDED  FOR LONG TERM
INVESTMENT)  SO DOES NOT  REFLECT  ANY  WITHDRAWAL  CHARGE.  THE YIELD  DOES NOT
INCLUDE CHARGES FOR ANY OPTIONAL FEATURE.                                       

Because of the charges and deductions imposed by the Separate Account, the yield
for a Subaccount will be lower than the yield for the corresponding  series fund
portfolio.  The yield on amounts held in the Subaccount  normally will fluctuate
over  time.  Therefore,  the  disclosed  yield  for any  given  period is not an
indication or representation of future yields or rates of return. A Subaccount's
actual yield will be affected by the types and quality of  portfolio  securities
held by the series fund and the series fund's operating expenses.               

Any current yield quotations of the Ameritas Money Market Subaccount, subject to
Rule 482 of the  Securities  Act of 1933,  will consist of a seven  calendar day
historical yield, carried at least to the nearest hundredth of a percent. We may
advertise yield for the Subaccount based on different time periods,  but we will
accompany it with a yield  quotation based on a seven day calendar  period.  The
Ameritas Money Market  Subaccount's  yield will be calculated by determining the
net  change,  exclusive  of  capital  changes,  in the  value of a  hypothetical
pre-existing  Policy having a balance of one Accumulation  Unit at the beginning
of the base period,  subtracting a hypothetical  charge  reflecting those Policy
deductions  stated  above,  and  dividing  the net change in Policy value by the
value of the  Policy at the  beginning  of the  period  to obtain a base  period
return and  multiplying  the base period return by (365/7).  The Ameritas  Money
Market  Subaccount's  effective  yield is computed  similarly  but  includes the
effect of  assumed  compounding  on an  annualized  basis of the  current  yield
quotations of the Subaccount.                                                   

AS OF 12/31/1999
         REFLECTING MAXIMUM GUARANTEED CHARGES    YIELD          EFFECTIVE YIELD
  Ameritas Money Market Subacccount         *                    *

         REFLECTING  CURRENT  CHARGES             YIELD          EFFECTIVE YIELD
  Ameritas Money Market Subacccount         *                    *
         * Since the  Subaccount  just commenced operation on the effective date
         of the Policy  prospectus, there is no historical yield  information to
report.                                                       

The Ameritas Money Market  Subaccount's yield and effective yield will fluctuate
daily.  Actual yields will depend on factors such as the type of  instruments in
the series fund's portfolio,  portfolio quality and average maturity, changes in
interest  rates,  and the series  fund's  expenses.  Although we  determine  the
Subaccount's  yield on the basis of a seven  calendar  day period,  we may use a
different  time  period on  occasion.  The yield  quotes may reflect the expense
limitations described in the series fund's prospectus or Statement of Additional
Information.  There is no assurance that the yields quoted on any given occasion
will be maintained for any period of time and there is no guarantee that the net
asset  values will  remain  constant.  It should be noted that  neither a Policy
owner's investment in the Ameritas Money Market Subaccount nor that Subaccount's
investment in the Ameritas  Money Market series fund  portfolio is guaranteed or
insured. Yields of other money market funds may not be comparable if a different
base or another method of calculation is used.                                  

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     5                                       

P-->N-4/A55thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust55th
ADDITIONAL TAX INFORMATION                                                      
NOTE:  THIS  INFORMATION  SHOULD NOT BE SUBSTITUTED FOR THE ADVICE OF A PERSONAL
TAX ADVISOR. WE DO NOT MAKE ANY GUARANTEE REGARDING THE TAX STATUS OF ANY POLICY
OR TRANSACTION INVOLVING THE POLICY.  PURCHASERS BEAR THE COMPLETE RISK THAT THE
POLICY MAY NOT BE TREATED AS "ANNUITY  CONTRACTS" UNDER FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS.
THE FOLLOWING  DISCUSSION IS NOT  EXHAUSTIVE  AND SPECIAL RULES NOT DESCRIBED IN
THE POLICY  PROSPECTUS  MAY BE APPLICABLE IN CERTAIN  SITUATIONS.  MOREOVER,  NO
ATTEMPT HAS BEEN MADE TO CONSIDER ANY APPLICABLE STATE OR OTHER TAX LAWS.       
GENERAL                                                                         
Section  72 of the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as amended  (the  "Code"),
governs  taxation of annuities in general.  An individual  owner is not taxed on
increases in Policy  value until  distribution  occurs,  either in the form of a
withdrawal  or as annuity  payments  under the  annuity  option  elected.  For a
withdrawal  received as a total surrender (total withdrawal or a death benefit),
the recipient is taxed on the portion of the payment that exceeds the cost basis
of the  Policy.  For a payment  received  as a partial  withdrawal,  federal tax
liability is generally determined on a last-in, first-out basis, meaning taxable
income is withdrawn  before the Policy's cost basis is  withdrawn.  For Policies
issued in connection with  non-qualified  plans, the cost basis is generally the
premiums,  while for contracts  issued in connection  with qualified plans there
may be no cost basis.  The taxable  portion of a withdrawal is taxed at ordinary
income tax rates. Tax penalties may also apply.                                 

For annuity payments, a portion of each payment in excess of an exclusion amount
is includable in taxable  income.  The exclusion  amount for payments based on a
fixed annuity  income option is  determined  by  multiplying  the payment by the
ratio  that the cost  basis of the Policy  (adjusted  for any period  certain or
refund feature) bears to the expected return under the Policy. Payments received
after the  investment in the Policy has been recovered  (i.e.  when the total of
the  excludable  amounts equals the investment in the Policy) are fully taxable.
The taxable portion is taxed at ordinary income tax rates.  For certain types of
qualified  plans there may be no cost basis in the Policy  within the meaning of
Section 72 of the Code.  Owners,  Annuitants  and  Beneficiaries  under a Policy
should  seek  competent   financial   advice  about  the  tax   consequences  of
distributions.                                                                  

We are taxed as a life insurance  company under the Code. For federal income tax
purposes, the Separate Account is not a separate entity from us.                

WITHHOLDING TAX ON DISTRIBUTIONS 
The Code  generally  requires us (or, in some cases,  a plan  administrator)  to
withhold tax on the taxable  portion of any  distribution  or withdrawal  from a
contract.  For "eligible  rollover  distributions"  from  Policies  issued under
certain  types of qualified  plans,  20% of the  distribution  must be withheld,
unless  the  payee  elects to have the  distribution  "rolled  over" to  another
eligible plan in a direct transfer.  This requirement is mandatory and cannot be
waived by the owner.                                                            

An "eligible  rollover  distribution"  is the estimated  taxable  portion of any
amount received by a covered employee from a plan qualified under Section 401(a)
or 403(a) of the Code, or from a tax sheltered  annuity  qualified under Section
403(b) of the Code  (other  than (1) a series  of  substantially  equal  annuity
payments for the life (or life  expectancy) of the employee,  or joint lives (or
joint life expectancies) of the employee, and his or her designated beneficiary,
or for a  specified  period  of ten  years or more;  (2)  minimum  distributions
required to be made under the Code;  and (3) hardship  withdrawals).  Failure to
"rollover" the entire amount of an eligible rollover distribution  (including an
amount equal to the 20% portion of the  distribution  that was  withheld)  could
have adverse tax  consequences,  including  the  imposition  of a penalty tax on
premature withdrawals, described later in this section.                         

Withdrawals  or  distributions  from  a  Policy  other  than  eligible  rollover
distributions  are also subject to withholding on the estimated  taxable portion
of the  distribution,  but the  owner  may  elect in such  cases  to  waive  the
withholding requirement.  If not waived, withholding is imposed (1) for periodic
payments,  at the rate that would be imposed if the payments were wages,  or (2)
for  other  distributions,  at the  rate of  10%.  If no  withholding  exemption
certificate is in effect for the payee,  the rate under (1) above is computed by
treating  the  payee  as  a  married   individual   claiming  three  withholding
exemptions.                                                                     

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     6                                       

P-->N-4/A56thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust56th
Generally,  the amount of any payment of interest to a non-resident alien of the
United  States  shall be subject to  withholding  of a tax equal to thirty (30%)
percent of such amount or, if applicable, a lower treaty rate. A payment may not
be subject to withholding where the recipient sufficiently establishes that such
payment  is  effectively  connected  to the  recipient's  conduct  of a trade or
business in the United  States and such  payment is included in the  recipient's
gross income.                                                                   

DIVERSIFICATION                                                                 
Section 817(h) of the Code provides that in order for a variable  annuity policy
based on a segregated  asset account to qualify as an annuity contract under the
Code, the investments made by such policy must be "adequately  diversified." The
Treasury  regulations issued under Section 817(h) (Treas.  Reg. 1.817-5) apply a
diversification  requirement to each of the Subaccounts of the Separate Account.
The Separate Account, through the series funds and their portfolios,  intends to
comply with those  diversification  requirements.  We and the series  funds have
entered  into  agreements  regarding  participation  in the  series  funds  that
requires  the series  funds and their  portfolios  to comply  with the  Treasury
regulations.                                                                    

OWNER CONTROL                                                                   
The Treasury  department has indicated that the  diversification  regulations do
not provide guidance  regarding the  circumstances in which Policy owner control
of the  investments  of the  Separate  Account will cause the Policy owner to be
treated as the owner of the assets of the Separate Account, thereby resulting in
the loss of favorable  tax  treatment  of the Policy.  At this time it cannot be
determined whether  additional  guidance will be provided and what standards may
be contained in such guidance.                                                  

The amount of Owner control which may be exercised under the Policy is different
in some respects from the  situations  addressed in published  rulings issued by
the Internal  Revenue Service in which it was held that the policy owner was not
the owner of the assets of the separate  account.  It is unknown  whether  these
differences, such as the Owner's ability to transfer among investment choices or
the number and type of investment choices available, would cause the Owner to be
considered as the owner of the assets of the Separate  Account  resulting in the
imposition of federal income tax to the Owner with respect to earnings allocable
to the contract prior to receipt of payments under the Policy.                  

Due to the  uncertainty  in this area, we reserve the right to modify the Policy
in an attempt to maintain favorable tax treatment.                              

MULTIPLE CONTRACTS 
The Code  provides  that multiple  annuity  contracts  which are issued within a
calendar year to the same contract  owner by one company or its  affiliates  are
treated as one annuity contract for purposes of determining the tax consequences
of any  distribution.  Such  treatment  may result in adverse  tax  consequences
including  more rapid  taxation of the  distributed  amounts from such  multiple
contracts.  For  purposes of this rule,  contracts  received  in a Section  1035
exchange  will be considered  issued in the year of the exchange.  OWNERS SHOULD
CONSULT A TAX ADVISER PRIOR TO PURCHASING MORE THAN ONE ANNUITY  CONTRACT IN ANY
CALENDAR YEAR.                                                                  
PARTIAL 1035 EXCHANGES                                                          
Section 1035 of the Code provides that an annuity contract may be exchanged in a
tax-free transaction for another annuity contract.  The Internal Revenue Service
has stated that it will  challenge  transactions  where  taxpayers  enter into a
series of  partial  exchanges  and  annuitizations  as part of a design to avoid
application  of the 10%  premature  distribution  penalty  or other  limitations
imposed on annuity  contracts under the Code. In the absence of further guidance
from the Internal  Revenue  Service it is unclear what specific types of partial
exchange  designs and  transactions  will be challenged by the Internal  Revenue
Service.  DUE TO THE  UNCERTAINTY IN THIS AREA,  OWNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN
TAX ADVISERS PRIOR TO ENTERING INTO A PARTIAL EXCHANGE OF AN ANNUITY CONTRACT.  
CONTRACTS OWNED BY OTHER THAN NATURAL PERSONS                                   
Under Section 72(u) of the Code, the investment earnings on policy premiums will
be taxed  currently to the owner if the owner is a non-natural  person,  e.g., a
corporation  or certain  other  entities.  Such policies  generally  will not be
treated                                                                         

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     7                                       

P-->N-4/A57thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust57th
as annuities for federal  income tax purposes.  However,  this  treatment is not
applied to  policies  held by a trust or other  entity as an agent for a natural
person  nor to  policies  held by certain  qualified  plans.  PURCHASERS  SHOULD
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX COUNSEL OR OTHER TAX ADVISER BEFORE PURCHASING A POLICY TO
BE OWNED BY A NON-NATURAL PERSON.                                               
DEATH BENEFITS                                                                  
Any death  benefits  paid under the Policy are taxable to the  beneficiary.  The
rules  governing the taxation of payments from an annuity  policy,  as discussed
above,  generally  apply to the payment of death  benefits and depend on whether
the death benefits are paid as a lump sum or as annuity  payments.  Estate taxes
may also apply.                                                                 

TAX TREATMENT OF ASSIGNMENTS                                                    
AN ASSIGNMENT OR PLEDGE OF A POLICY MAY HAVE TAX  CONSEQUENCES,  AND MAY ALSO BE
PROHIBITED BY ERISA IN SOME  CIRCUMSTANCES.  OWNERS SHOULD,  THEREFORE,  CONSULT
COMPETENT LEGAL ADVISERS SHOULD THEY WISH TO ASSIGN OR PLEDGE THEIR POLICY.     

QUALIFIED PLANS 
The Policy  offered by the  Prospectus  is designed to be suitable for use under
various  types of qualified  plans.  Taxation of owners in each  qualified  plan
varies with the type of plan and terms and  conditions  of each  specific  plan.
Owners,  Annuitants  and  Beneficiaries  are  cautioned  that  benefits  under a
qualified  plan  may be  subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of the  plan,
regardless of the terms and conditions of the Policies issued to fund the plan. 

TAX TREATMENT OF WITHDRAWALS 
NON-QUALIFIED PLANS                                                             
Section 72 of the Code governs treatment of distributions from annuity policies.
It provides that if the policy value exceeds the aggregate  premiums  made,  any
amount withdrawn not in the form of an annuity payment will be treated as coming
first from the earnings and then, only after the income portion is exhausted, as
coming from the principal. Withdrawn earnings are included in a taxpayer's gross
income.  Section 72 further provides that a 10% penalty will apply to the income
portion of any distribution. The penalty is not imposed on amounts received: (1)
after the taxpayer  reaches 59 1/2; (2) upon the death of the owner;  (3) if the
taxpayer is totally  disabled as defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code; (4) in
a series of substantially equal periodic payments made at least annually for the
life (or life  expectancy) of the taxpayer or for the joint lives (or joint life
expectancies)  of the  taxpayer  and his  beneficiary;  (5)  under an  immediate
annuity; or (6) which are allocable to premium payments made prior to August 14,
1982.                                                                           

With  respect  to (4)  above,  if the  series of  substantially  equal  periodic
payments is modified  before the later of your  attaining  age 59 1/2 or 5 years
from the date of the first  periodic  payment,  then the tax for the year of the
modification  is  increased  by an amount equal to the tax which would have been
imposed (the 10% penalty tax) but for the  exception,  plus interest for the tax
years in which the exception was used.                                          

QUALIFIED PLANS 
In the case of a withdrawal  under a qualified  Policy, a ratable portion of the
amount  received is taxable,  generally  based on the ratio of the  individual's
cost basis to the individual's  total accrued benefit under the retirement plan.
Special tax rules may be available  for certain  distributions  from a qualified
Policy.  Section  72(t) of the Code  imposes a 10%  penalty  tax on the  taxable
portion of any distribution from qualified retirement plans,  including Policies
issued and qualified under Code Sections 401 (Pension and Profit Sharing plans),
403(b) (tax-sheltered  annuities) and 408 and 408A (IRAs). To the extent amounts
are not included in gross income because they have been rolled over to an IRA or
to another eligible qualified plan, no tax penalty will be imposed.             

The  tax  penalty  will  not  apply  to  the  following  distributions:  (1)  if
distribution  is made on or after the date on which the owner or  annuitant  (as
applicable)  reaches  age 59 1/2;  (2)  distributions  following  the  death  or
disability  of  the  owner  or  annuitant  (as  applicable)  (for  this  purpose
"disability" is defined in Section  72(m)(7) of the Code);  (3) after separation
from  service,  distributions  that are  part of  substantially  equal  periodic
payments  made  not  less  frequently  than  annually  for  the  life  (or  life
expectancy)  of the owner or annuitant  (as  applicable)  or the joint lives (or
joint life  expectancies)  of such owner or annuitant (as applicable) and his or
her designated beneficiary; (4) distributions to an                             

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     8                                       

P-->N-4/A58thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust58th
owner or annuitant (as  applicable)  who has separated from service after he has
attained  age  55;  (5)  distributions  made  to  the  owner  or  annuitant  (as
applicable) to the extent such  distributions do not exceed the amount allowable
as a deduction  under Code Section 213 to the owner or annuitant (as applicable)
for amounts paid during the taxable  year for medical  care;  (6)  distributions
made to an alternate payee pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (7)
distributions  made on account  of an IRS levy upon the  qualified  Policy;  (8)
distributions from an IRA for the purchase of medical insurance (as described in
Section  213(d)(1)(D)  of the  Code)  for the  policy  owner  or  annuitant  (as
applicable)  and  his or her  spouse  and  dependents  if the  policy  owner  or
annuitant (as applicable) has received unemployment compensation for at least 12
weeks (this  exception  will no longer apply after the policy owner or annuitant
(as applicable) has been  re-employed for at least 60 days);  (9)  distributions
from an  Individual  Retirement  Annuity  made to the  owner  or  annuitant  (as
applicable) to the extent such  distributions do not exceed the qualified higher
education  expenses (as defined in Section 72(t)(7) of the Code) of the owner or
annuitant (as applicable) for the taxable year; and (10)  distributions  from an
Individual  Retirement  Annuity made to the owner or annuitant  (as  applicable)
which are qualified  first-time home buyer  distributions (as defined in Section
72(t)(8) of the Code).  The  exception  stated in items (4) and (6) above do not
apply in the case of an IRA. The exception stated in (3) above applies to an IRA
without the requirement that there be a separation from service.                

With  respect  to (3)  above,  if the  series of  substantially  equal  periodic
payments is modified  before the later of your  attaining  age 59 1/2 or 5 years
from the date of the first  periodic  payment,  then the tax for the year of the
modification  is  increased  by an amount equal to the tax which would have been
imposed (the 10% penalty tax) but for the  exception,  plus interest for the tax
years in which the exception was used.                                          

Withdrawals of amounts  attributable to contributions  made pursuant to a salary
reduction  agreement  (in  accordance  with Section  403(b)(11) of the Code) are
limited to the  following:  when the owner  attains age 59 1/2,  separates  from
services,  dies, becomes disabled (within the meaning of Section 72(m)(7) of the
Code),  or in the case of  hardship.  Hardship  withdrawals  do not  include any
earnings on salary  reduction  contributions.  These  limitations on withdrawals
apply to: (1) salary reduction  contributions  made after December 31, 1988; (2)
income  attributable  to such  contributions;  and (3)  income  attributable  to
amounts held as of December 31, 1988.  The  limitations  on  withdrawals  do not
affect rollovers or exchanges between certain qualified plans. Tax penalties may
also apply.  While the  foregoing  limitations  only apply to certain  contracts
issued in connection with Section 403(b) qualified plans, all owners should seek
competent tax advice regarding any withdrawals or distributions.                

The taxable portion of a withdrawal or distribution  from contracts issued under
certain  types of plans may,  under some  circumstances,  be "rolled  over" into
another  eligible  plan so as to  continue  to defer  income tax on the  taxable
portion. Effective January 1, 1993, such treatment is available for an "eligible
rollover  distribution" made by certain types of plans (as described above under
"Withholding  Tax on  Distributions")  that  is  transferred  within  60 days of
receipt  into  another  eligible  plan or an IRA,  or an  individual  retirement
account  described in section  408(a) of the Code.  Plans  making such  eligible
rollover distributions are also required,  with some exceptions specified in the
Code, to provide for a direct  transfer of the  distribution  to the  transferee
plan designated by the recipient.                                               

Amounts  received from IRAs may also be rolled over into other IRAs,  individual
retirement accounts or certain other plans,  subject to limitations set forth in
the Code.                                                                       

Generally, distributions from a qualified plan must commence no later than April
1 of the calendar  year  following  the year in which the  employee  attains the
later  of age 70  1/2  or the  date  of  retirement.  In  the  case  of an  IRA,
distribution  must commence no later than April 1 of the calendar year following
the year in which the owner attains age 70 1/2. Required  distributions  must be
over a period not exceeding the life or life expectancy of the individual or the
joint lives or life  expectancies  of the  individual  and his or her designated
beneficiary.  If the required minimum  distributions are not made, a 50% penalty
tax is imposed as to the amount not distributed.                                

TYPES OF QUALIFIED PLANS                                                        
The Policy is designed to be suitable for use under  various  types of qualified
plans.  Taxation of  participants in each qualified plan varies with the type of
plan and terms and  conditions of each specific  plan.  Owners,  Annuitants  and
Beneficiaries  are cautioned that benefits under a qualified plan may be subject
to the terms and conditions of the plan                                         

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     9                                       

P-->N-4/A59thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust59th
regardless of the terms and  conditions of the policies  issued  pursuant to the
plan. Some retirement plans are subject to distribution  and other  requirements
that are not incorporated into our administrative  procedures.  We are not bound
by the terms and conditions of such plans to the extent such terms conflict with
the terms of a Policy,  unless we  specifically  consents  to be bound.  OWNERS,
ANNUITANTS AND BENEFICIARIES ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THAT CONTRIBUTIONS,
DISTRIBUTIONS  AND OTHER  TRANSACTIONS  WITH  RESPECT TO THE POLICY  COMPLY WITH
APPLICABLE LAW.                                                                 

A qualified  Policy will not provide any necessary or additional tax deferral if
it is used to fund a qualified  plan that is tax deferred.  However,  the Policy
has  features  and  benefits  other  than  tax  deferral  that  may  make  it an
appropriate   investment   for  a  qualified   plan.   Following  are  generally
descriptions  of the types of qualified plans with which the Policy may be used.
Such descriptions are not exhaustive and are for general informational  purposes
only.  THE TAX RULES  REGARDING  QUALIFIED  PLANS ARE VERY COMPLEX AND WILL HAVE
DIFFERING  APPLICATIONS  DEPENDING ON INDIVIDUAL FACTS AND  CIRCUMSTANCES.  EACH
PURCHASER SHOULD OBTAIN COMPETENT TAX ADVICE PRIOR TO PURCHASING A POLICY ISSUED
UNDER A QUALIFIED PLAN.                                                         

Policies  issued   pursuant  to  qualified  plans  include  special   provisions
restricting  Policy  provisions  that may  otherwise  be  available as described
herein.  Generally,   Policies  issued  pursuant  to  qualified  plans  are  not
transferable except upon surrender or annuitization.  Various penalty and excise
taxes  may  apply  to  contributions  or  distributions  made  in  violation  of
applicable   limitations.   Furthermore,   certain   withdrawal   penalties  and
restrictions  may  apply  to  surrenders  from  qualified  policies.  (See  "Tax
Treatment of Withdrawals - Qualified Contracts" above.)                         

On July 6, 1983,  the Supreme  Court decided in Arizona  Governing  Committee v.
Norris that optional  annuity  benefits  provided  under an employer's  deferred
compensation  plan could not,  under Title VII of the Civil  Rights Act of 1964,
vary between men and women.  The Policies sold by the Company in connection with
certain  qualified plans will utilize tables which do not  differentiate  on the
basis of sex.  Such annuity  tables will also be available for use in connection
with certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans.                         

TAX-SHELTERED ANNUITIES 
Section 403(b) of the Code permits the purchase of "tax-sheltered  annuities" by
public schools and certain charitable,  educational and scientific organizations
described in Section 501(c) (3) of the Code. These qualifying employers may make
contributions  to  the  Policy  for  the  benefit  of  their   employees.   Such
contributions  are not included in the gross  income of the  employee  until the
employee receives  distributions from the Policy. The amount of contributions to
the  tax-sheltered  annuity is limited to certain  maximums imposed by the Code.
Furthermore, the Code sets forth additional restrictions governing such items as
transferability,  distributions,  non-discrimination  and withdrawals.  Employee
loans are allowed under this Policy.  Any employee  should obtain  competent tax
advice as to the tax treatment and suitability of such an investment.           

INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ANNUITIES                                                 
Section  408(b) of the Code permits  eligible  individuals  to  contribute to an
individual  retirement  program  known  as an  "Individual  Retirement  Annuity"
("IRA"). Under applicable limitations,  certain amounts may be contributed to an
IRA which will be deductible from the  individual's  taxable income.  These IRAs
are subject to limitations on eligibility,  contributions,  transferability  and
distributions.  Sales of  Policies  for use with  IRAs are  subject  to  special
requirements  imposed  by the  Code,  including  the  requirement  that  certain
informational  disclosure  be given to persons  desiring  to  establish  an IRA.
PURCHASERS  OF POLICIES TO BE  QUALIFIED  AS IRAS SHOULD  OBTAIN  COMPETENT  TAX
ADVICE AS TO THE TAX TREATMENT AND SUITABILITY OF SUCH AN INVESTMENT.           
ROTH IRAS                                                                       
Section  408A of the Code  provides  that  beginning  in 1998,  individuals  may
purchase  a new  type of  non-deductible  IRA,  known  as a Roth  IRA.  Purchase
payments  for a Roth IRA are limited to a maximum of $2,000 per year and are not
deductible from taxable income.  Lower maximum  limitations apply to individuals
with adjusted gross incomes  between  $95,000 and $110,000 in the case of single
taxpayers, between $150,000 and $160,000 in the case of married taxpayers filing
joint  returns,  and  between $0 and  $10,000  in the case of married  taxpayers
filing separately. An overall $2,000 annual limitation continues to apply to all
of a taxpayer's IRA contributions, including Roth IRAs and non-Roth IRAs.       

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     10                                      

P-->N-4/A60thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust60th
Qualified  distributions  from Roth IRAs are free from  federal  income  tax.  A
qualified distribution requires that the individual has held the Roth IRA for at
least five years and, in addition,  that the  distribution  is made either after
the individual reaches age 59 1/2, on the individual's  death or disability,  or
as a qualified first-time home purchase,  subject to a $10,000 lifetime maximum,
for the individual, a spouse, child,  grandchild,  or ancestor. Any distribution
which is not a  qualified  distribution  is taxable to the extent of earnings in
the distribution. Distributions are treated as made from contributions first and
therefore no distributions are taxable until distributions  exceed the amount of
contributions  to the  Roth  IRA.  The  10%  penalty  tax and  the  regular  IRA
exceptions  to the 10%  penalty tax apply to taxable  distributions  from a Roth
IRA.                                                                            

Amounts may be rolled over from one Roth IRA to another  Roth IRA.  Furthermore,
an  individual  may make a rollover  contribution  from a non-Roth IRA to a Roth
IRA,  unless the  individual  has  adjusted  gross  income over  $100,000 or the
individual is a married taxpayer filing a separate  return.  The individual must
pay tax on any portion of the IRA being rolled over that represents  income or a
previously  deductible  IRA  contribution.  There are no similar  limitations on
rollovers from a Roth IRA to another Roth IRA.                                  

PENSION AND PROFIT-SHARING PLANS                                                
Sections 401(a) and 401(k) of the Code permit employers, including self-employed
individuals, to establish various types of retirement plans for employees. These
retirement plans may permit the purchase of the Policy to provide benefits under
the plan.  Contributions  to the plan for the benefit of  employees  will not be
included in the gross income of the employee  until  distributed  from the plan.
The tax  consequences  to owners may vary  depending  upon the  particular  plan
design.  However,  the Code  places  limitations  on all plans on such  items as
amount of allowable  contributions;  form,  manner and timing of  distributions;
vesting and  non-forfeitability  of interests;  nondiscrimination in eligibility
and  participation;  and the tax treatment of distributions,  transferability of
benefits,  withdrawals  and  surrenders.  Purchasers  of contracts  for use with
pension or profit sharing plans should obtain competent tax advice as to the tax
treatment and suitability of such an investment.                                

NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS -- SECTION 457                        
Under Code provisions, employees and independent contractors performing services
for  state  and  local  governments  and  other  tax-exempt   organizations  may
participate  in Deferred  Compensation  Plans Under Section 457 of the Code. The
amounts deferred under a plan which meets the requirements of Section 457 of the
Code are not taxable as income to the  participant  until paid or otherwise made
available to the  participant  or  beneficiary.  As a general rule,  the maximum
amount  which can be  deferred in any one year is the lesser of $8,000 or 33 1/3
percent  of the  participant's  includible  compensation.  However,  in  limited
circumstances,  the plan may provided for additional  catch-up  contributions in
each of the last three years before normal retirement age. Furthermore, the Code
provides  additional  requirements  and restrictions  regarding  eligibility and
distributions.                                                                  

All of the assets  and income of a plan  established  by  governmental  employer
after  August  20,  1996,  must be held in trust for the  exclusive  benefit  of
participants and their beneficiaries.  For this purpose,  custodial accounts and
certain annuity contracts are treated as trusts. Plans that were in existence on
August  20,  1996 may be  amended to  satisfy  the trust and  exclusive  benefit
requirement  any time prior to January  1, 1999,  and must be amended  not later
than that date to continue to receive  favorable tax treatment.  The requirement
of  a  trust  does  not  apply  to  amounts   under  a  plan  of  a   tax-exempt
(non-governmental)  employer.  In addition,  the requirement of a trust does not
apply to amounts under a plan of a  governmental  employer if the plan is not an
eligible  plan within the meaning of section  457(b) of the Code. In the absence
of such a trust,  amounts  under the plan will be  subject  to the claims of the
employer's general creditors.                                                   

In general,  distributions  from a plan are prohibited  under section 457 of the
Code unless made after the participating  employee attains age 70 1/2, separates
from service,  dies, or suffers an unforeseeable  financial emergency as defined
in the Code.                                                                    

Under present federal tax law,  amounts  accumulated in a plan under section 457
of the Code cannot be transferred or rolled over on a tax-deferred  basis except
for certain transfers to other plans under section 457.                         

 FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     11                                      

P-->N-4/A61stPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust61st
 OTHER INFORMATION

A registration statement has been filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended,  with respect to the Policy  described in this Statement.  Not
all  information  set forth in the  registration  statement  is addressed in the
Policy  prospectus  or this  Statement.  Statements in the  prospectus  and this
Statement are intended to be summaries. For a complete statement of the terms of
the  registration,  refer to the  documents  we file  with the SEC.  They may be
accessed on the SEC's internet site at WWW.SEC.GOV./EDQUX/PROSPECT.HTM  and type
in  "First  Ameritas,"  or you may  review  and copy it (for a fee) at the SEC's
Public  Reference Room in Washington  D.C. (Call the SEC at  1-800-SEC-0330  for
details and public hours.)                                                      

 SERVICE MARKS & COPYRIGHT
"Ameritas,"  and the bison symbol are registered  service marks of Ameritas Life
Insurance Corp., which licenses their use to First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp.
of New York.  "OVERTURE  ACCLAIM !" is a  registered  service  mark of  Ameritas
Variable Life Insurance  Company,  which licenses its use to First Ameritas Life
Insurance Corp. of New York. The Policy and Policy prospectus are copyrighted by
First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York.                                

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our financial  statements follow this page of this Statement.  They only bear on
our  ability  to meet our  obligations  under  the  Policy,  and  should  not be
considered as bearing on the  investment  performance  of the assets held in the
Separate Account.                                                               

             FIRST AMERITAS OVERTURE ACCLAIM !
Statement of Additional Information     12                                      

P-->N-4/A62ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust62nd
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 STATEMENT OF ADMITTED ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND SURPLUS - STATUTORY BASIS
 (Unaudited)

                                                              June 30,
               ADMITTED ASSETS                                2000
                                                            --------------
Investments                                                                     
 Bonds                                                   $    11,914,201
 Mortgage loans                                                  358,068
 Short-term investments                                        5,126,408
                                                           -------------
                                                              17,398,677
 Loans on insurance policies                                      69,970
                                                           -------------

                  Total investments                           17,468,647

Cash                                                                  25,791    
Accrued investment income                                            249,284    
Premiums receivable                                                  250,675    
Other receivables                                                     17,590    
                                                           -------------
                       Total                             $    18,011,987
                                                           =============

LIABILITIES AND SURPLUS                     

Policy reserves                                              $     2,383,368    
Reserves for unpaid claims                                         1,067,097    
Accounts payable - affiliates                                        216,488    
Income tax payable - affilates                                        25,002    
Other liabilities                                                    594,816    
Asset valuation reserve                                               28,043    
                                                           -------------
                 Total Liabilities                             4,314,814
                                                           -------------

Common stock, par value $1,000 per share;                                       
2,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding                  2,000,000  
Additional paid-in capital                                         6,800,000    
Surplus                                                            4,897,173    
                                                           -------------
                   Total Surplus                              13,697,173
                                                           -------------

                       Total                             $    18,011,987
                                                           =============

The accompanying  notes are an integral part of these unaudited  statutory basis
financial statements.                                                           

P-->N-4/A63rdPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust63rd
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS - STATUTORY BASIS
 (Unaudited)

                                                             For the Six
                                                              Months Ended
                                                              June 30,
2000
                                                             -------------
INCOME:                                                                         
Premium income, net                                        $   5,411,223

Net investment income                                            546,392

Miscellaneous insurance income                                   260,507
                                                             -----------

                                                               6,218,122
                                                             -----------

BENEFITS AND EXPENSES:                                                          
Increase in reserves                                             287,137

Benefits to policyowners                                       3,211,688

Commissions                                                      325,618

General insurance expenses                                     1,298,185

Taxes, licenses and fees                                         226,044
                                                             -----------
                                                               5,348,672
                                                             -----------

Net income before income taxes                                       869,450    

Income tax expense                                                   341,818    
                                                             -----------

Net income                                                     $     527,632    
                                                             ===========

The accompanying  notes are an integral part of these unaudited  statutory basis
financial statements.                                                           

P-->N-4/A64thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust64th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK                                
                         STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SURPLUS                                        
                                   (Unaudited)                                                  

                                     Common Stock         Additional                            
                                 ----------------------    Paid-in                              
                                  Shares      Amount       Capital       Surplus       Total    
                                 ---------   ----------   -----------  ------------  -----------

                                                                                                
BALANCE, January 1, 2000            2,000 $  2,000,000 $   6,800,000 $   4,401,712 $ 13,201,712 

    Transfer to Valuation Reserve       -            -             -        (7,942)      (7,942)

    Increase in non-admitted assets     -            -             -       (24,229)     (24,229)

    Net income                          -            -             -       527,632      527,632 
                                 ---------   ----------   -----------  ------------  -----------

BALANCE, June 30, 2000              2,000 $  2,000,000 $   6,800,000 $   4,897,173 $ 13,697,173 
                                 =========   ==========   ===========  ============  ===========

The accompanying  notes are an integral part of these unaudited  statutory basis
financial statements.                                                           

P-->N-4/A65thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust65th
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - STATUTORY BASIS
 (Unaudited)

                                                               For the Six
                                                              Months Ended
                                                               June 30, 2000
                                                              ----------------
OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                            
 Net premium income received                              $    5,633,713

 Miscellaneous insurance income                                  174,339

 Net investment income received                                  408,076

  Benefits paid to policyowners                                (3,367,354)

  Expense and taxes, other than federal income taxes           (1,938,710)

  Net increase in loans on insurance policies                      (8,858)

  Federal income tax paid                                        (350,000)

 Other operating income and disbursements, net                   265,358
                                                             -------------

 Net cash from operating activities                              816,564
                                                             -------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                            
 Proceeds from investments matured                             2,081,768

  Cost of investments acquired                                 (8,006,859)
                                                             -------------

  Net cash (used in) investing activities                      (5,925,091)
                                                             -------------

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS                   (5,108,527)   
CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS - BEGINNING OF PERIOD             10,260,726    
                                                             -------------

CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS - END OF PERIOD               $    5,152,199    
                                                             =============

The accompanying  notes are an integral part of these unaudited  statutory basis
financial statements.                                                           

P-->N-4/A66thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust66th
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED STATUTORY BASIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2000
--------------------------------------

1.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        

First  Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp. of New York (the  Company),  a stock life
insurance  company  domiciled  in the  State  of New  York,  is a  wholly  owned
subsidiary of Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp.  (Ameritas).  The Company  markets
low-load  universal and term individual life insurance policies and group dental
insurance in the State of New York.                                             

The financial statements have been prepared,  except as to form, on the basis of
accounting  practices prescribed or permitted by the Insurance Department of the
State of New York (statutory basis), which are designed primarily to demonstrate
ability  to meet  claims of  policyowners.  These  practices  differ in  certain
respects,  which in some cases may be material,  from those  generally  accepted
accounting  principles (GAAP) applied in the presentation of financial condition
and results of  operations on the "going  concern"  basis  commonly  followed by
other types of enterprises.                                                     

In March 1998, the National Association of Insurance  Commissioners  adopted the
Codification   of   Statutory   Accounting   Principles   (Codification).    The
Codification,  which  is  intended  to  standardize  regulatory  accounting  and
reporting to state insurance departments, is proposed to be effective January 1,
2001. However,  statutory accounting  principles will continue to be established
by individual state laws and permitted practices.  The Company has not finalized
the  quantification  of the effects of Codification  on its statutory  financial
statements.                                                                     

USE OF ESTIMATES                                                                
The preparation of financial  statements in conformity with statutory accounting
practices requires  management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported  amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent  assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses  during the  reporting  period.  Actual  results  could
differ from those estimates.                                                    

2.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION OF UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             

Management  believes that all  adjustments,  consisting of only normal recurring
accruals,  considered necessary for a fair presentation of the unaudited interim
financial  statements  have been  included.  The results of  operations  for any
interim period are not necessarily  indicative of results for the full year. The
unaudited  interim  financial  statements should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended December 31, 1999 and
1998.                                                                           

P-->N-4/A67thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust67th
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                                    

To the Board of Directors                                                       
First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York                                 
Lincoln, Nebraska                                                               

We have audited the accompanying statements of admitted assets, liabilities, and
surplus - statutory  basis of First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York (a
wholly owned  subsidiary  of Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp.) as of December 31,
1999 and 1998,  and the related  statements  of  operations  - statutory  basis,
changes in surplus - statutory  basis,  and cash flows - statutory basis for the
years then ended.  These  financial  statements  are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.                                       

We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  generally   accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.          

As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial  statements,  the Company has
prepared these financial  statements  using accounting  practices  prescribed or
permitted by the Insurance  Department of the State of New York, which practices
differ  from  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  The  effects  on the
financial  statements of the variances between the statutory basis of accounting
and  generally   accepted   accounting   principles,   although  not  reasonably
determinable, are presumed to be material.                                      

In our opinion,  because of the effects of the matter discussed in the preceding
paragraph,  such financial  statements do not present fairly, in conformity with
generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  the  financial  position  of First
Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp. of New York as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, or
the results of its operations or its cash flows for the years then ended.       

In our  opinion,  such  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in all material
respects, the admitted assets,  liabilities,  and surplus of First Ameritas Life
Insurance Corp. of New York as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the results of
its  operations  and its cash  flows for the years then  ended,  on the basis of
accounting described in Note 1.                                                 

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP                                                       

Lincoln, Nebraska                                                               
October 2, 2000                                                                 

P-->N-4/A68thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust68th
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
STATEMENTS OF ADMITTED ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND SURPLUS - STATUTORY BASIS

                                                   December 31
                                                ------------------------------
            ADMITTED ASSETS                   1999            1998
                                               -------------   -------------
Investments                                                                     
 Bonds                                   $     5,954,700  $    7,438,830
 Mortgage loans                                  374,154         400,000
 Short-term investments                        9,931,805       7,387,570
                                             -------------    ------------
                                              16,260,659      15,226,400
 Loans on insurance policies                      61,112          41,513
                                             -------------    ------------

               Total investments              16,321,771      15,267,913

Cash                                                 328,921        (144,556)   
Accrued investment income                            129,292         156,313    
Premiums receivable                                  292,447         381,665    
Other receivables                                     17,260          22,468    
                                             -------------    ------------

                    Total                $    17,089,691  $   15,683,803
                                             =============    ============

LIABILITIES AND SURPLUS                           

Policy reserves                              $     2,096,231  $    1,680,435    
Reserves for unpaid claims                         1,222,434       1,319,123    
Accounts payable - affiliates                        132,256         123,564    
Income tax payable - affilates                        33,184         141,175    
Other liabilities                                    383,773         365,518    
Asset valuation reserve                               20,101          12,967    
                                             -------------    ------------
              Total Liabilities                3,887,979       3,642,782
                                             -------------    ------------

Common stock, par value $1,000 per share;                                       
2,000 shares authorized, issued                                             
and outstanding                                 2,000,000       2,000,000 
Additional paid-in capital                         6,800,000       6,800,000    
Surplus                                            4,401,712       3,241,021    
                                             -------------    ------------
                Total Surplus                 13,201,712      12,041,021
                                             -------------    ------------

                    Total                $    17,089,691  $   15,683,803
                                             =============    ============

The  accompanying  notes are an integral part of these statutory basis financial
statements.                                                                     

P-->N-4/A69thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust69th
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - STATUTORY BASIS

                                                 Years Ended December 31
                                                 -------------------------------
                                               1999             1998
                                                  --------------   -------------
INCOME                                                                          
   Premium income                               $  10,874,755    $  11,453,477
Net reinsurance:                                                        
      Yearly renewable term                            106,237          (94,793)
                                                 --------------    -------------
       Net premium income                          10,980,992       11,358,684

   Net investment income                              875,890          864,250

   Miscellaneous insurance income                     396,220          292,523
                                                 --------------    -------------

                                                   12,253,102       12,515,457
                                                 --------------    -------------
EXPENSES                                                                        
   Increase in reserves                               415,796          348,298

   Benefits to policyowners                         6,628,193        7,164,618

   Commissions                                        692,954          716,644

   General insurance expenses                       2,344,301        2,120,123

   Taxes, licenses and fees                           386,219          402,906
                                                 --------------    -------------

                                                   10,467,463       10,752,589
                                                 --------------    -------------

Net income before income taxes                       1,785,639        1,762,868 

Income tax expense                                     654,272          681,909 
                                                 --------------    -------------

Net income                                    $      1,131,367  $     1,080,959 
                                               ==============    =============

The  accompanying  notes are an integral part of these statutory basis financial
statements.                                                                     

P-->N-4/A70thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust70th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK                                

                        STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SURPLUS                                        

                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998                                 

                                                          Additional                            
                                     Common Stock          Paid-in                              
                                 ----------------------                                         
                                  Shares      Amount       Capital       Surplus       Total    
                                 ---------   ----------   -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                                                                
BALANCE, January 1, 1998            2,000 $  2,000,000 $   6,800,000 $   2,138,835 $ 10,938,835 

    Transfer to Valuation Reserve       -            -             -        (7,325)      (7,325)

    Decrease in non-admitted assets     -            -             -        28,552       28,552 

    Net income                          -            -             -     1,080,959    1,080,959 
                                 ---------   ----------   -----------  ------------  -----------

BALANCE, December 31, 1998          2,000 $  2,000,000 $   6,800,000 $   3,241,021 $ 12,041,021 

    Transfer to Valuation Reserve       -            -             -        (7,134)      (7,134)

    Decrease in non-admitted assets     -            -             -        36,458       36,458 

    Net income                          -            -             -     1,131,367    1,131,367 
                                 ---------   ----------   -----------  ------------  -----------

BALANCE, December 31, 1999          2,000 $  2,000,000 $   6,800,000 $   4,401,712 $ 13,201,712 
                                 =========   ==========   ===========  ============  ===========

The  accompanying  notes are an integral part of these statutory basis financial
statements.                                                                     

P-->N-4/A71stPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust71st
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
        STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - STATUTORY BASIS

                                                         Years Ended December 31
                                                      --------------------------
                                                     1999         1998
                                                      ------------ -------------
OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                            
    Net premium income received                     $ 11,107,837   $11,377,539
    Miscellaneous insurance income                       348,509       247,821
    Net investment income received                       887,041       879,795
     Benefits paid to policyowners                     (6,726,262)   (7,149,553)
Expense and taxes, other than                                         
       federal income taxes                            (3,329,600)   (3,411,831)
     Net increase in loans on insurance policies          (19,599)      (16,803)
     Federal income tax paid                             (762,263)     (565,735)
    Other operating income and disbursements, net        (13,797)       32,158
                                                      ------------  ------------

    Net cash provided by operating activities          1,491,866     1,393,391
                                                      ------------  ------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                            
    Proceeds from investments matured                  1,525,846     2,850,000
     Cost of investments acquired                               -      (400,000)
                                                      ------------  ------------

    Net cash provided by investing activities          1,525,846     2,450,000
                                                      ------------  ------------

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND SHORT-TERM                                             
    INVESTMENTS                                        3,017,712     3,843,391
CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS -                                               
    BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                7,243,014     3,399,623
                                                      ------------  ------------

CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS -                                               
    END OF PERIOD                                   $ 10,260,726   $ 7,243,014
                                                      ============  ============

The  accompanying  notes are an integral part of these statutory basis financial
statements.                                                                     

P-->N-4/A72ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust72nd
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 NOTES TO STATUTORY BASIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998
1.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        

First  Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp. of New York (the  Company),  a stock life
insurance  company  domiciled  in the  State  of New  York,  is a  wholly  owned
subsidiary of Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp.  (Ameritas).  The Company  markets
low-load  universal and term individual life insurance policies and group dental
insurance in the State of New York.                                             

The financial statements have been prepared,  except as to form, on the basis of
accounting  practices prescribed or permitted by the Insurance Department of the
State of New York (statutory basis), which are designed primarily to demonstrate
ability  to meet  claims of  policyowners.  These  practices  differ in  certain
respects,  which in some cases may be material,  from those  generally  accepted
accounting  principles (GAAP) applied in the presentation of financial condition
and results of  operations on the "going  concern"  basis  commonly  followed by
other types of enterprises.                                                     

In March 1998, the National Association of Insurance  Commissioners  adopted the
Codification   of   Statutory   Accounting   Principles   (Codification).    The
Codification,  which  is  intended  to  standardize  regulatory  accounting  and
reporting to state insurance departments, is proposed to be effective January 1,
2001. However,  statutory accounting  principles will continue to be established
by individual state laws and permitted practices.  The Company has not finalized
the  quantification  of the effects of Codification  on its statutory  financial
statements.                                                                     

The  accompanying  statutory  financial  statements  vary in some  respects from
generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  The most  significant  differences
include:  (a) bonds are  generally  carried at amortized  cost rather than being
valued at either  amortized  cost or fair  value  based on their  classification
according to the Company's  ability and intent to hold or trade the  securities;
(b) costs  related to  acquiring  new  business,  are charged to  operations  as
incurred and not deferred,  whereas premiums are taken into income on a pro rata
basis over the respective term of the policies;  (c) deferred federal income tax
is not provided for temporary  differences between tax and financial  reporting;
(d)  no  provision  has  been  made  for  federal  income  taxes  on  unrealized
appreciation of investments  which are carried at market value;  and (e) changes
in certain  assets  designated  as  "non-admitted"  assets have been  charged to
surplus.                                                                        

The Company does not prepare  separate  company  financial  statements on a GAAP
basis and the impact of the difference  between the statutory basis and GAAP, is
not practicably  determinable for the purpose of separate company GAAP financial
statements.                                                                     

USE OF ESTIMATES                                                                
The preparation of financial  statements in conformity with statutory accounting
practices requires  management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported  amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent  assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses  during the  reporting  period.  Actual  results  could
differ from those estimates.                                                    

The principal accounting and reporting practices followed are:                  

INVESTMENTS                                                                     
Bonds, mortgage loans and short-term investments earning interest are carried at
amortized cost which, for short-term investments,  approximates market. Realized
gains and losses are determined on the basis of specific identification.        

NON-ADMITTED ASSETS 
Certain assets (primarily  organizational costs and state income tax receivable)
are  designated  as  "non-admitted"   under  Insurance   Department   accounting
requirements.  These assets are excluded from the statements of admitted assets,
liabilities,  and surplus by adjustments to surplus. Total "non-admitted assets"
were $6,700 and $43,158 as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively.         

P-->N-4/A73rdPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust73rd
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 NOTES TO STATUTORY BASIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998
1.  BASIS  OF  PRESENTATION  AND  SUMMARY  OF  SIGNIFICANT  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES
(continued)                                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PREMIUMS                                                                        
Premiums  are  reported as income  when  collected  or accrued  over the premium
paying periods of the policies.                                                 

Premium income consists of the following:                                       

                                               Years Ended December 31
                                                ----------------------------
                                               1999           1998
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Individual life                                        $572,556      $376,642   
Group health                                         10,408,436    10,982,042   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                 $10,980,992   $11,358,684
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

POLICY RESERVES                                                                 
Liabilities  for  future  policy  benefits  for  low-load  universal  life  type
contracts are based on the policy  account  balance.  Other policy  reserves are
established  and  maintained  on the basis of published  mortality  tables using
assumed  interest  rates and  valuation  methods as  prescribed by the Insurance
Department of the State of New York.                                            

RESERVES FOR UNPAID CLAIMS                                                      
Reserves for unpaid claims include claims reported and unpaid and claims not yet
reported,  the latter estimated on the basis of historical  experience.  As such
amounts are necessarily  estimates,  the ultimate liability will differ from the
amount recorded and will be reflected in operations when additional  information
becomes known.                                                                  

ASSET VALUATION RESERVE                                                         
Asset valuation reserves are a required  appropriation of surplus to provide for
possible losses that may occur on certain  investments held by the Company.  The
appropriation is based on the holdings of bonds, stocks,  mortgages, real estate
and short-term investments. Realized and unrealized gains and losses, other than
those resulting from interest rate changes,  are added or charged to the reserve
(subject to certain maximums).                                                  

INCOME TAXES                                                                    
The Company  files a  consolidated  life/non-life  tax return with Ameritas Life
Insurance  Corp.  and its  subsidiaries.  An agreement  among the members of the
consolidated  group provides for  distribution of consolidated tax results as if
filed on a separate  return  basis.  The  current  income tax expense or benefit
(including  effects of capital  gains and  losses and net  operating  losses) is
apportioned  generally  on a  sub-group  (life/non-life)  basis.  As a result of
deferred  acquisition  costs,  current  tax  benefits  differ  from the  federal
statutory tax rate.                                                             

2.  BONDS                                                                       

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


The table below provides  additional  information  relating to bonds held by the                   
Company:                                                                                           
                                                                  December 31, 1999                
                                              ---------------------------------------------------- 
                                               Amortized        Gross Unrealized         Fair      
                                                            -----------------------                
                                                 Cost         Gains       Losses        Value      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                                                   
   U. S. Industrial                               $971,375      $4,360       $  --       $975,735  
   U.S. Treasury securities and obligations                                                        
      of U.S. government agencies                4,983,325      15,474       3,914      4,994,885  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                $5,954,700     $19,834      $3,914     $5,970,620  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P-->N-4/A74thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust74th
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK 
                  NOTES TO STATUTORY BASIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                    
                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998 

2.  BONDS (continued)                                                                              
                                                                  December 31, 1999                
                                              ---------------------------------------------------- 
                                               Amortized        Gross Unrealized         Fair      
                                                            -----------------------                
                                                 Cost         Gains       Losses        Value      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
   U. S. Industrial                               $967,667     $66,885     $    --     $1,034,552  
   U.S. Treasury securities and obligations                                                        
      of U.S. government agencies                6,471,163     212,732          --      6,683,895  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                $7,438,830    $279,617     $    --     $7,718,447  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

The amortized  cost and fair value of bonds at December 31, 1999 by  contractual                   
maturity are shown below:                                                                          
                                                                            Amortized        Fair  
                                                                              Cost          Value  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Due in one year or less                                                   $1,999,607    $2,000,000 
Due after one year through five years                                      3,483,718     3,498,010 
Due after five years through ten years                                       471,375       472,610 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                          $5,954,700    $5,970,620 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Not included  above are  investments  purchased to mature within 12 months which
are carried at amortized cost in the amount of $9,931,805 and $7,387,570 in 1999
and 1998, respectively, included in short-term investments.                     

At December  31,  1999,  the Company had bonds with a book value of $444,965 and
fair value of $449,258 on deposit with the New York State Insurance Department. 

3.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS                                                  

Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. provides technical, financial and legal support to
the Company under a general cost sharing  agreement.  The cost of these services
to the Company for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 was $1,109,127 and
$967,228,  respectively.  The Company also leases  office  space,  furniture and
equipment  from Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp.  The cost of these leases to the
Company for the years ended  December 31, 1999 and 1998 was $59,973 and $62,488,
respectively.                                                                   

Under the terms of an investment  advisory  agreement,  the Company paid $42,257
and $35,680 for the years ended  December  31, 1999 and 1998,  respectively,  to
Ameritas  Investment  Advisors Inc., a wholly owned  subsidiary of Ameritas Life
Insurance Corp.                                                                 

The Company entered into a reinsurance  agreement  (yearly  renewable term) with
Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp.  Under this  agreement,  Ameritas Life Insurance
Corp.  assumes life insurance risk in excess of the Company's $100,000 retention
limit.  The Company paid $108,375 and $104,020 of reinsurance  premiums,  net of
first  year  allowances,  for the  years  ended  December  31,  1999  and  1998,
respectively.                                                                   

Transactions with related parties are not necessarily indicative of revenues and
expenses which would have occurred had the parties not been related.            

P-->N-4/A75thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust75th
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 NOTES TO STATUTORY BASIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998
4.  RESERVE FOR UNPAID CLAIMS                                                   

Activity  in the  reserve  for  unpaid  accident  and  health  claims  and claim
adjustment expenses is summarized as follows:                                   

                                                        1999          1998
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Balance at January 1                                   $1,319,123    $1,295,929 
Reinsurance reserves (net)                                (56,308)        6,811 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                       1,262,815     1,302,740
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Incurred related to:                                                            
  Current year                                         6,581,612     7,396,079
   Prior year                                            (278,125)     (316,264)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
     Total incurred                                    6,303,487     7,079,815
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Paid related to:                                                                
  Current year                                         5,432,166     6,133,264
  Prior year                                             984,690       986,476
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
     Total paid                                        6,416,856     7,119,740
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                       1,149,446     1,262,815
Reinsurance reserves (net)                                 72,988        56,308 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Balance at December 31                                 $1,222,434    $1,319,123 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

5.  REINSURANCE                                                                 

 In the ordinary course of business,  the Company assumes and cedes  reinsurance
with  other  insurers  and  reinsurers.   These  arrangements   provide  greater
diversification  of business  and limit the maximum net loss  potential on large
risks.                                                                          

Following is a summary of the transactions through reinsurance operations:    

                                                   Years Ended December 31
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                   1999           1998
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Premiums                                                                        
  Assumed                                               $509,221      $404,015
  Ceded                                                  402,984       498,808
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Claims                                                                          
  Assumed                                                529,204       484,708
  Ceded                                                  573,587       280,364
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reserves                                                                        
  Assumed                                                101,892       101,269
  Ceded                                                   82,563        99,813
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company remains  contingently liable in the event that a reinsurer is unable
to meet the obligations ceded under the reinsurance agreement.                  

6.  BENEFIT PLANS                                                               
The Company is included in the multiple employer noncontributory defined benefit
pension plan that covers  substantially all full-time employees of Ameritas Life
Insurance  Corp. and its  subsidiaries.  Pension costs include  current  service
costs,  which are accrued and funded on a current  year basis,  and past service
costs,  which are  amortized  over the  average  remaining  service  life of all
employees  on the  adoption  date.  The assets of this plan are not  segregated.
Total Company  contributions for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 were
$9,846 and $9,908, respectively.                                                

P-->N-4/A76thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust76th
 FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK
 NOTES TO STATUTORY BASIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998

6.  BENEFIT PLANS (continued)                                                   

The Company's  employees also participate in a defined  contribution thrift plan
that covers  substantially  all full-time  employees of Ameritas Life  Insurance
Corp. and its subsidiaries.  Company matching contributions under the plan range
from 1% to 3% of the participant's compensation. Total Company contributions for
the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 were $4,673 and $3,964, respectively.

The Company is also included in the postretirement benefit plans providing group
medical  coverage to retired  employees of Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. and its
subsidiaries.  These benefits are a specified percentage of premium until age 65
and a flat  dollar  amount  thereafter.  Employees  become  eligible  for  these
benefits upon the attainment of age 55, 15 years of service and participation in
the plan for the  immediately  preceding  five years.  Benefit costs include the
expected cost of postretirement benefits for newly eligible employees,  interest
cost,  and  gains  and  losses  arising  from  differences   between   actuarial
assumptions and actual  experience.  The assets and liabilities of this plan are
not  segregated.  Total Company  contributions  for the years ended December 31,
1999 and 1998 were $4,126 and $2,473, respectively.                             

7.  MAJOR CUSTOMERS                                                             

A substantial  portion of the Company's dental premium is marketed by an outside
entity.  The percentage of dental premium income related to this arrangement for
the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 was 32% and 31%, respectively.       

8.  DIVIDEND LIMITATIONS                                                        
The Company is subject to regulation by the insurance department of the State of
New York.  Insurance  department  regulations  restrict  the advance of funds to
Parent and  affiliated  companies as well as the amount of dividends that may be
paid without prior approval.                                                    

P-->N-4/A77thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust77th
PART C
 OTHER INFORMATION

Item 24. Financial Statements and Exhibits                                      

a)   Financial Statements:                                              

        All required  financial  statements of First Ameritas  Variable  Annuity
        Separate Account and First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York are
filed in Part B.                                                

b)  Exhibits                                                            

EXHIBIT                                                                 
NUMBER          DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT                                  
------          ----------------------                                  
(1)             Resolution of Board of Directors of First Ameritas Life 
               Insurance Corp. of New York Establishing First Ameritas
Variable Annuity Separate Account**     
(2)             Not applicable.                                         
(3) (a)         Principal Underwriting Agreement.*                      
(3)  (b)        Form of Selling Agreement.*                             
(4)             Form of Variable Annuity Contract.****                  
(5)             Form of Application for Variable Annuity Contract.***   
  (6) (a)         Articles of Incorporation of First Ameritas Life Insurance
Corp. of New York.*                     
   (6) (b)         Bylaws of First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York.*
(7)             Not Applicable.                                         
(8)             Form of Participation Agreement (MFS, Fidelity, Alger   
             American, Morgan Stanley, Calvert Variable Series Inc
             Ameritas Portfolios, Calvert Variable Series, Inc.).*
(9)             Opinion and Consent of Counsel.                         
(10) (a)        Independent Auditors' Consent.                          
(11)            Not Applicable.                                         
(12)            Not applicable.                                         
(13)            Schedule of Computation of Performance Data.****        
(14)            Powers of Attorney *                                    

*    Incorporated by reference to the Registration  Statement for First Ameritas
   Variable Life Separate Account File No. 333-39110 filed on June 12, 2000.

**   Incorporated by reference to the Registration  Statement for First Ameritas
     Variable Annuity Separate Account File No.333-39240 filed on June 14, 2000.

***  Incorporated by reference to the Registration  Statement for First Ameritas
     Variable  Annuity  Separate  Account File No.  333-39240  filed on June 14,
2000.                                                                 

**** Incorporated by reference to the Registration  Statement for First Ameritas
     Variable Annuity Separate  Account File  No.333-39246  filed on October 12,
2000.                                                                 

P-->N-4/A78thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust78th
Item 25      Directors and Officers of the Depositor                            

Name and Principal           Position and Offices                       
Business Address             With Depositor                             
----------------             --------------                             

Kenneth C. Louis             Director, Chairman of the Board            

    Mitchell F. Politzer *       Director, President and Chief Executive Officer

Lawrence J. Arth             Director                                   

John P. Carsten              Director                                   

Phyllis J. Carsten-Boyle     Director, Vice President                   

Robert J. Lanik              Director                                   

JoAnn M. Martin              Director, Vice President                   

David C. Moore               Director, Vice President                   

David J. Myers               Director                                   

James F. Nissen              Director                                   

Tonn M. Ostergard            Director                                   

James E. Rembolt             Director                                   

Edmund G. Sullivan           Director                                   

Robert C. Barth              Controller                                 

Thomas D. Higley             Vice President                             

William W. Lester            Treasurer                                  

Donald Reiser                Vice President                             

  Donald R. Stading            Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel

Principal  business  address of all,  except as noted,  is First  Ameritas  Life
Insurance Corp. of New York, Service Office, 5900 "O" Street, Lincoln,  Nebraska
68510.                                                                          
*Principal  business  address:  First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York,
400 Rella Blvd., Suite 304, Suffern, New York 10901-4253.                       

P-->N-4/A79thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust79th
Item 26.                                                                        

The Depositor, First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York , is wholly owned
by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. The Registrant is a segregated asset account of
First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of NewYork.                                 

Organizations  under common control with First Ameritas Life Insurance  Corp. of
New York include:                                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


NAME OF CORPORATION (WHERE ORGANIZED)*                 PRINCIPAL BUSINESS                             
--------------------------------------                 ------------------                             

                                                                                                      
Ameritas Acacia Mutual Holding Company (NE)            mutual insurance holding company               
Ameritas Holding Company (NE)                          mutual insurance holding company               
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. (NE)                     life/health insurance company                  
    AMAL Corporation (NE)                              a joint venture holding company between        
                                                       Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. (66%) and        
                                                       AmerUs Life Insurance Company (34%)            
        Ameritas Investment Corp. (NE)                 securities broker dealer & investment advisor  
        Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company (NE)  life insurance company                         
    Ameritas Managed Dental Plan, Inc. (CA)            managed care dental insurance company          
    Pathmark Assurance Company (NE)                    third-party administrator & reinsurer of dental
                                                       insurance plans                                
    Veritas Corp. (NE)                                 insurance marketing agency                     
    Ameritas Investment Advisors, Inc. (NE)            investment adviser                             
Acacia Life Insurance Company (D.C.)                   life/health insurance company                  
    Acacia National Life Insurance Company (VA)        variable life/annuity insurance company        
    Acacia Financial Corp. (VA)                        holding company                                
        Acacia Federal Savings Bank (n/a)              federally chartered bank                       
        Calvert Group. Ltd. (DE)                       offering socially responsible investments      
           its 1940 Act Investment Companies (DE)      offering socially responsible mutual funds     
        The Advisors Group, Inc. (DE)                  securities broker-dealer & investment advisor  

* Principal operating companies only. Subsidiaries of subsidiaries are indicated
by  indentations.  Ownership is 100% by the immediate  parent  company except as
noted.                                                                          

Item 27.   Number of Contractowners                                             

As of December 31, 1999 there were 0 contractowners.            

Item 28.   Indemnification                                                      

First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York's By-laws provide as follows:   

    "Any  person  made  or  threatened  to be  made  a  party  to an  action  or
proceeding,  whether  civil or  criminal,  by reason  of the fact  that he,  his
testator  or  intestate  then is or was a  director,  officer or employee of the
Company,  or then serves or has served any other  corporation in any capacity at
the  request  of the  Company,  shall  be  indemnified  by the  Company  against
expenses,  judgments,  fines and amounts paid in  settlement  to the full extent
that officers and directors are permitted to be  indemnified  by the laws of the
State of New York. The provisions of this article shall not adversely affect any
right to indemnification  which any person may have apart from the provisions of
this article."                                                                  

    Section 721-726 of the New York Business  Corporation  Law, in general,  and
Section 1216 of the New York  Insurance  Code allows a corporation  to indemnify
any director,  officer,  employee or agent of the corporation for amount paid in
settlement  actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with an
action, suit or proceeding,  if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he
or she  reasonably  believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the
corporation,  and with  respect to any  criminal  action or  proceeding,  had no
reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.                    

P-->N-4/A80thPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust80th
    In a case  of a  derivative  action,  no  indemnification  shall  be made in
respect of any claim,  issue or matter as to which such  person  shall have been
adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the  performance of his or
her duty to the  corporation,  unless a court in which the  action  was  brought
shall determine that such person is fairly and reasonably  entitled to indemnify
for such expenses which the Court shall deem proper.                            

    Insofar as indemnification for liability arising under the Securities Act of
1933 may be permitted to  directors,  officers  and  controlling  persons of the
registrant pursuant to the foregoing  provisions,  or otherwise,  the registrant
has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities  and Exchange  Commission
such  indemnification  is against  public policy as expressed in the Act and is,
therefore,  unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against
such liabilities  (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred
or paid by a director,  officer or  controlling  person of the registrant in the
successful  defense of any  action,  suit or  proceeding)  is  asserted  by such
director,  officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter
has been  settled by  controlling  precedent,  submit to a court of  appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such  indemnification  by it is against public
policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of
such issue.                                                                     

Item 29.   Principal Underwriters                                               

a)      Ameritas Investment Corp. which will serve as the principal  underwriter
        for the variable  annuity  contracts  issued through First Ameritas Life
        Insurance Corp. of New York's First Ameritas  Variable  Annuity Separate
        Account,  also serves as the  principal  underwriter  for variable  life
        insurance  contracts  issued  through  Ameritas  Variable Life Insurance
        Company  Separate  Account V, Ameritas  Life  Insurance  Corp.  Separate
        Account LLVL, and First  Ameritas  Variable Life Separate  Account,  and
        serves as the  principal  underwriter  for  variable  annuity  insurance
        contracts  issued  through  Ameritas  Variable  Life  Insurance  Company
        Separate Account VA-2 and Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. Separate Account
        LLVA.  Ameritas  Investment  Corp. is the  underwriter  for the Ameritas
Portfolios and also serves as its investment advisor.           

b)      The  following  table  sets  forth  certain  information  regarding  the
        officers and directors of the principal underwriter, Ameritas Investment
Corp.                                                           

Name and Principal      Positions and Offices                 
Business Address        and Underwriter                       
----------------        ---------------                       

Lawrence J. Arth        Director and Chairman of the Board    

         William R. Giovanni     Director, President and Chief Executive Officer

Kenneth C. Louis        Director, Senior Vice President       

Gary R. McPhail*        Director, Senior Vice President       

Michael G. Fraizer*     Director                              

Thomas C. Godlasky*     Director                              

Donald R. Stading       Secretary and General Counsel         

William W. Lester       Treasurer                             

Principal  business  address  of all,  except as noted is:  Ameritas  Investment
Corp., 5900 "O" Street, Lincoln, Nebraska 68510.                                

* Principal business address:  AmerUs Life Insurance Company,  611 Fifth Avenue,
Des Moines, Iowa 50309.                                                         

P-->N-4/A81stPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust81st
    c)   As of the fiscal year ending  December  31, 1999,  Registrant  paid the
following compensation to the Principal Underwriter:          

                                                                [Download Table]


                 Net Underwriting  Compensation                                     
Name of Principal Discounts and         On            Brokerage                     
Underwriter (1)    Commissions (2) Redemption (3)  Commissions (4) Compensation (5) 
-------------------------------------------------  --------------- ---------------- 
                                                                                    

Ameritas Investment                                                                 
Corp. ("AIC")    $0                $0              $0              $0               

(2)+(4)+(5) = Gross variable annuity compensation received by AIC.                  
(2) = Sales compensation received and paid out by AIC as underwriter, AIC retains 0.
(4) = Sales compensation received by AIC for retail sales.                          
(5) = Sales compensation received by AIC and retained as underwriting fee.          

Item 30. Location of Separate Account and Records                               

    The Books,  records and other documents required to be maintained by Section
31(a) of the 1940 Act and Rules  31a-1 to 31a-3  thereunder  are  maintained  by
First  Ameritas Life  Insurance  Corp. of New York at its Service Office at 5900
"O" Street, Lincoln, Nebraska 68510.                                            

Item 31. Management Services                                                    

All management contracts are discussed in Part A or Part B.             

Item 32. Undertakings                                                           

    a)   Registrant  undertakes  to  file a  post-effective  amendment  to  this
         registration  statement as  frequently  as necessary to ensure that the
         audited  financial  statement in the  registration  statement are never
         more  than 16 months  old for so long as  payment  under  the  variable
annuity contracts my be accepted.                             

    b)   Registrant  undertakes to include either (1) as part of any application
         to  purchase a  contract  offered  by the  prospectus,  a space that an
         applicant can check to request a Statement of  Additional  Information,
         or (2) a post  card or  similar  written  communication  affixed  to or
         included in the prospectus that the applicant can remove and send for a
Statement of Additional Information.                          

    c)   Registrant   undertakes   to  deliver  any   Statement  of   Additional
         Information and any financial  statements required to be made available
under this form promptly upon written or oral request.        

    d)   The  registrant is relying upon the Division of  Investment  Management
         (Division)  no-action letter of November 28, 1988 concerning  annuities
         sold in 403 (b)  plans  and  represents  that the  requirements  of the
no-action letter have been, are and/or will be complied with. 

    e)   First Ameritas Life Insurance  Corp. of  New York  represents  that the
         fees and charges  deducted under the  contract,  in the aggregate,  are
         reasonable in relation to the  services rendered, the expenses expected
 to be incurred, and the risks assumed by the insurance company.

P-->N-4/A82ndPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust82nd
SIGNATURES

As  required by the  Securities  Act of 1933 and the  Investment  Company Act of
1940,  the  Registrant  has caused  this  Pre-Effective  Amendment  No. 2 to the
Registration  Statement to be signed on its behalf in the City of Lincoln, State
of Nebraska on October 10, 2000.                                                

                    FIRST AMERITAS VARIABLE ANNUITY SEPARATE ACCOUNT, Registrant
                  FIRST AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK, Depositor

      By: /S/ KENNETH C. LOUIS
             -----------------------
          Kenneth C. Louis
             Chairman of the Board

As required by the Securities Act of 1933, this Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to
the Registration  Statement has been signed by the following  persons on October
10, 2000 in the capacities and on the duties indicated.                         

SIGNATURE                             TITLE                           

/S/ KENNETH C. LOUIS*           Director, Chairman of the Board                 
--------------------------                                                      
Kenneth C. Louis                                                        

/S/ MITCHELL F. POLITZER*         Director, President and                       
--------------------------         Chief Executive Officer                      
Mitchell F. Politzer                                                    

/S/ ROBERT C. BARTH*                    Controller                              
--------------------------    (PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER)                    
Robert C. Barth                                                 

/S/ WILLIAM W. LESTER*                   Treasurer                              
--------------------------     (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER)                    
William W. Lester                                                 

by:  /S/ DONALD R. STADING         for and on behalf of:                        
-------------------------------                                           
Donald R. Stading                                                       

Lawrence J. Arth*                        Director                               
John P. Carsten *                        Director                               
Phyliss J. Carsten-Boyle*                Director                               
Robert J. Lanik *                        Director                               
JoAnn M. Martin                          Director                               
David J. Meyers *                        Director                               
David C. Moore                           Director                               
James F. Nissen *                        Director                               
Tonn Ostergard *                         Director                               
James E. Rembolt *                       Director                               
Edmund G. Sullivan *                     Director                               

* Signed by Donald R. Stading under Powers of Attorney executed  effective as of
June 6, 2000.                                                                   

P-->N-4/ALastPageof83TOC1stPreviousNextBottomJust83rd
 EXHIBIT INDEX

(9)         Opinion and Consent of Counsel                              
(10) (a)    Independent Auditors' Consent                               
R-->Dates Referenced Herein  and  Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-OnPageThisN-4/AFilingDateFirstLastOtherFilings1/1/053912/31/043924F-2NT, NSAR-U5/1/01104/15/01411/1/01667212/31/004124F-2NT, NSAR-U10/16/0043Filed on:10/12/00177N-4/A10/10/008210/2/00676/30/0063666/14/0077N-46/12/0077N-8A6/6/00824/15/00433/21/00171/1/004512/31/9911811/1/99386012/31/98667610/1/98451/1/9842461/1/97374512/31/9637458/20/96601/1/9358List all Filings
TopFiling Submission 0001116493-00-000011    Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, etal.)
Copyright  2017 Fran Finnegan & Company. All Rights Reserved.About  Privacy  Redactions  Help 
Mon, 24 Jul 12:16:34.1 GMT



SEC News Digest

















Home | Previous Page


























SEC NEWS DIGEST
Issue 2013-206
 October 25, 2013


ENFORCEMENT PROCEEDINGS 

In the Matter of Home System Group
An Administrative Law Judge has issued an Initial Decision (ID) in Home System Group., Admin. Proc. File No. 3-15506. The Order Instituting Proceedings alleged that Respondent repeatedly failed to file timely periodic reports while its securities were registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The ID finds these allegations to be true and revokes the registration of each class of Respondent's registered securities, pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Rel. ID-511) 

Investment company orders

Ameritas Life Insurance 
 A notice has been issued giving interested persons until November 14, 2013 to request a hearing on an application filed by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York and The Union Central Life Insurance Company; and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA-2, Ameritas Variable Separate Account V, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL, and the Carillon Life Account (the "Accounts") requesting an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 to permit the substitution of shares of the VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial Class of the Variable Insurance Products Fund V for shares of the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio of the Calvert Variable Series, Inc. held by the Accounts to support certain variable annuity contracts or variable life insurance contracts. (Rel. IC-30764)

Self-regulatory organizations

Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change
A proposed rule change (SR-ISE-2013-53) filed by the International Securities Exchange, LLC to amend the Schedule of Fees has become effective under Section 19(b)(3)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Publication of the proposal is expected to be made in the Federal Register during the week of October 28st. (Rel. 34-70757)
Notice of Proposed Rule Change
NYSE Arca, Inc. has filed a proposed rule change (SR-NYSEArca-2013-105) pursuant to Rule 19b-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to list and trade shares of the SPDR MFS Systematic Core Equity ETF, SPDR MFS Systematic Growth Equity ETF, and SPDR MFS Systematic Value Equity ETF under NYSE Arca Equities Rule 8.600. Publication is expected in the Federal Register during the week of October 28st. (Rel. 34-70754)
The Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a proposed rule change (SR-CBOE-2013-102) pursuant to Rule 19b-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to amend CBOE Rule 6.2B to establish modified Hybrid Opening System opening procedures for all volatility index constituent options. Publication is expected in the Federal Register during the week of October 28st. (Rel. 34-70755)
Order Disapproving Proposed Rule Change
 The Commission has disapproved, pursuant to Section 19(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a proposed rule change filed by NASDAQ OMX BX, Inc. (SR-BX-2013-016) to adopt a directed order process. Publication is expected in the Federal Register during the week of October 28th. (Rel.. 34-70756)

Securities Act Registrations

The following registration statements have been filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933. The reported information appears as follows: Form, Name, Address and Phone Number (if available) of the issuer of the security; Title and the number and/or face amount of the securities being offered; Name of the managing underwriter or depositor (if applicable); File number and date filed; Assigned Branch; and a designation if the statement is a New Issue.
 Registration statements may be viewed in person in the Commission's Public Reference Branch at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. To obtain paper copies, please refer to information on the Commission's Web site at http://www.sec.gov/answers/publicdocs.htm . In most cases, you can view and download this information by using the search function located at http://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html . 

S-3     ATHERSYS, INC / NEW, 3201 CARNEGIE AVENUE, CLEVELAND, OH, 44115-2634, 
        216-431-9900 - 0 ($17,450,000.00) Equity, (File 333-191873 - Oct. 24) 
        (BR. 01B)

S-3     InspireMD, Inc., 800 BOYLSTON STREET, SUITE 16041, BOSTON, MA, 02199, 
        (857) 453-6553 - 75,000,000 ($75,000,000.00) Equity, (File 333-191875 - 
        Oct. 24) (BR. 10A)

F-10    CANADIAN NATURAL RESOURCES LTD, 2500, 855-2 STREET SW, 
        CALGARY ALBERTA CANADA, A0, T2P 4J8, 403-517-6700 - 
        0 ($1,000,000,000.00) Debt, (File 333-191876 - Oct. 24) (BR. 04A)

S-8     NOBLE ENERGY INC, 1001 NOBLE ENERGY WAY, HOUSTON, TX, 77070, 
        2818723100 - 9,600,000 ($689,856,000.00) Equity, (File 333-191878 - 
        Oct. 24) (BR. 04A)

S-1     Recro Pharma, Inc., 490 LAPP ROAD, MALVERN, PA, 19355, (484) 395-2400 - 
        0 ($28,000,000.00) Equity, (File 333-191879 - Oct. 24) (BR. 01)

F-1     Celsus Therapeutics Plc., 53 DAVIES STREET, LONDON, X0, W1K 5JH, 
        646-878-0804 - 27,264,086 ($15,540,529.00) Equity, (File 333-191880 - 
        Oct. 24) (BR. 01B)

S-3     Manitex International, Inc., 9725 INDUSTRIAL DRIVE, BRIDGEVIEW, IL, 
        60455, 708-430-7500 - 0 ($75,000,000.00) Other, (File 333-191881 - 
        Oct. 24) (BR. 10B)

S-8     United Continental Holdings, Inc., JENNIFER L. KRAFT - WHQLD, 
        233 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE, CHICAGO, IL, 60606, 312-997-8000 - 
        0 ($375,420,000.00) Equity, (File 333-191882 - Oct. 24) (BR. 05C)

S-4     UNION PACIFIC CORP, 1400 DOUGLAS STREET, STOP 0310, OMAHA, NE, 68179, 
        402 544 5214 - 0 ($1,139,192,000.00) Debt, (File 333-191883 - Oct. 24) 
        (BR. 05C)

S-8     Angie's List, Inc., 1030 EAST WASHINGTON STREET, SUITE 100, 
        INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46202, 317-803-3973 - 
        2,893,320 ($43,718,065.20) Equity, (File 333-191884 - Oct. 24) (BR. 11C)

S-4     Energy Transfer Partners, L.P., 3738 OAK LAWN AVENUE, DALLAS, TX, 
        75219, 214-981-0700 - 0 ($1,089,692,000.00) Non-Convertible Debt, 
        (File 333-191885 - Oct. 24) (BR. 02B)

S-3ASR  POTLATCH CORP, 601 WEST FIRST AVENUE, SUITE 1600, SPOKANE, WA, 99201, 
        (509) 835-1500 - 0 ($0.00) Unallocated (Universal) Shelf, 
        (File 333-191886 - Oct. 24) (BR. 08C)

S-3     INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC., CIRA CENTRE, 2929 ARCH STREET, 
        17TH FLOOR, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19104-2870, 215-701-9555 - 
        0 ($15,858,302.00) Equity, (File 333-191887 - Oct. 24) (BR. 12)

S-8     SYMANTEC CORP, 350 ELLIS STREET, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA, 94043, 
        650-527-2900 - 75,000,000 ($1,863,000,000.00) Equity, 
        (File 333-191889 - Oct. 24) (BR. 03B)

  

Recent 8K Filings

Form 8-K is used by companies to file current reports on the following events:



        1.01 
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement


1.02
Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement


1.03
Bankruptcy or Receivership


2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets


2.02
Results of Operations and Financial Condition


2.03
Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an  Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant


2.04
Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct  Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement


2.05
Cost Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities


2.06
Material Impairments


3.01
Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued  Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing


3.02
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities


3.03
Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders


4.01
Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant


4.02
Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements  or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review


5.01
Changes in Control of Registrant


5.02
Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of  Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of  Certain Officer


5.03
Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;  Change in Fiscal Year


5.04
Temporary Suspension of Trading Under Registrant's  Employee Benefit Plans


5.05
Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or  Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics


5.06
Change in Shell Company Status


6.01
ABS Informational and Computational Material.


6.02
Change of Servicer or Trustee.


6.03
Change in Credit Enhancement or Other External Support.


6.04
Failure to Make a Required Distribution.


6.05
Securities Act Updating Disclosure.


7.01
Regulation FD Disclosure


8.01
Other Events


9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits


In most cases, recent 8-K reports may be viewed by using the search function on the Commission's Web site located at http://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/currentevents.htm.


http://www.sec.gov/news/digest/2013/dig102513.htm



Home | Previous Page
Modified: 10/28/2013










 AMERITAS VARIABLE SEPARATE ACCOUNT V (Form: 497, Received: 09/18/2014 09:05:38) 












	Ameritas Life Insurance Corp.



	



	Ameritas Variable Separate Account V,




	Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA-2,




	Carillon Life Account and Carillon Account




	




	Supplement to:




	Corporate Benefit VUL, Overture Applause!,
	Overture Applause! II,




	Overture Bravo!, Overture Encore!, and Overture
	Annuity III-Plus




	Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2007




	




	Excel Choice and Excel Executive Edge




	Prospectuses Dated November 5, 2007




	




	Overture Ovation!, Protector

	h

	VUL, and

	Excel Accumulator





	Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2008




	




	Overture Annuity II, Overture Annuity III,




	Overture Accent!, and Overture Acclaim!




	Prospectuses Dated September 1, 2009




	




	VA I and VA II and VA II SA




	Prospectuses Dated December 31, 2009




	






	Excel Performance VUL (NY)




	Prospectus Dated May 1, 2010




	




	Advantage VA III




	Prospectus Dated May 1, 2012




	




	Medley!




	Prospectus Dated May 1, 2013





	







	Excel
	Performance VUL




	and Overture Medley

	






	Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2014




	




	Supplement Dated September 18, 2014




	



	


	The Board of Directors of Calvert Variable Products, Inc. ("CVP")
	has approved a resolution to reorganize the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio into the Calvert VP Investment Grade
	Bond Index Portfolio (the "Reorganization"). Each Portfolio is a series of Calvert Variable Products, Inc.


	


	The CVP Board has recommended approval of the Reorganization
	by shareholders of the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio. If the Reorganization is approved by the shareholders of
	the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio, it will be merged into the Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio
	on or about November 14, 2014. If your variable annuity Contract or variable life insurance Policy remains allocated to the Subaccount
	corresponding to the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio at the time the Reorganization is consummated, those units will
	be replaced by units corresponding to the Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio, and thereafter the value of your Contract
	or Policy will depend on the performance of the Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio rather than the Calvert VP Inflation
	Protected Plus Portfolio. The number of Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio units you receive will depend on the value
	of your Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio units at the time the Reorganization takes place.


	


	If the Reorganization is approved, your prospectus is revised
	by deleting all mention of the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio at the time of the Reorganization.


	


	All other provisions remain as stated in your
	Contract or Policy and prospectus, as supplemented.


	



	Please retain this Supplement with the
	current prospectus for your variable Contract or Policy with




	Ameritas Life Insurance Corp.




	




	If you do not have a current prospectus,
	please contact Ameritas Life at 1-800-745-1112.




	




	




	




	



	IN 1824 08-14








      Federal Register
       :: 
      Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company, et al.
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Promise Neighborhoods Program


                by the Education Department
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Dave Garvin






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          256
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          490
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          657
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      22
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      5
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Protection of the Stratospheric Ozone


                by the Environmental Protection Agency
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Crimollo






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          911
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1514
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          308
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          932
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      26
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      21
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Defense Trade Advisory Group


                by the State Department
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                DonkeyHotey






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          252
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          828
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      17
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      1
                    

                      Document
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Renewable Fuel Standard Program


                by the Environmental Protection Agency
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Kelly Hays






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          166
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1342
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          343
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          349
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      27
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      32
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Walnuts Grown in California


                by the Agricultural Marketing Service
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Dave Morris






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          47
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          32
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          91
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      33
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      29
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Medicare Program


                by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                DonkeyHotey






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          192
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          884
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      23
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      19
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

22


16



Commerce Department

51


14



Defense Department

17


4



Education Department

15


4



Energy Department

47


5



Environmental Protection Agency

41


43



Health and Human Services Department

61


29



Homeland Security Department

51


9



Interior Department

27


13



Justice Department

15


6



Labor Department

5


11



State Department

6


5



Transportation Department

81


47



Treasury Department

10


11



Veterans Affairs Department

5


9








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Air pollution control

17


15



Air transportation

22


13



Airspace

12


5



Aviation safety

25


18



Environmental protection

19


16



Intergovernmental relations

15


12



Navigation (air)

12


5



Ozone

13


5



Particulate matter

11


10



Volatile organic compounds

13


6












            Current Issue

              
                132 Pages
              




83 documents
    from 31 agencies

  



77 Notices


1 Proposed Rule


5 Rules









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


 PrevJuneNext SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


 PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 01:00 PM, on Friday, July 21, 2017
        


            2 documents
            from 1 agency
          


                2 Notices
              








Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 21, 2017
        


            83 documents
            from 31 agencies
          


                77 Notices
              

                1 Proposed Rule
              

                5 Rules
              













Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


 PrevJuneNext SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


 PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761


EO 13803:
Reviving the National Space Council


EO 13802:
Amending Executive Order 13597




                  2017:
                  40







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company, et al.


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 06/12/2002











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

06/12/2002

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Dates:
The Application was filed on December 19, 2001, amended and restated on April 1, 2002, and May 8, 2002, and amended on June 3, 2002.
Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          67 FR 40346
        
Page:

          40346-40350
          (5 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Release No. IC-25605
File No. 812-12734
Document Number:
02-14716

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY:
ACTION:
Applicants:
SUMMARY OF APPLICATION:
FILING DATE:
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' Representations 
Applicants' Legal Analysis
Conclusion

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/02-14716
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/02-14716






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        June 5, 2002. 
        
          AGENCY:
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or Commission). 
ACTION:
Notice of an application for an order under Section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Act or 1940 Act) granting exemptions from the provisions of Sections 2(a)(32) and 27(i)(2)(A) of the Act and Rule 22c-1 thereunder to permit the recapture, under specified circumstances, of certain credits applied to purchase payments made under certain variable annuity contracts (the Application). 
Applicants:
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company (Ameritas), First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York (First Ameritas) (Ameritas and First Ameritas shall collectively be referred to as Ameritas/First Ameritas), Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company Separate Account VA-2 (the Ameritas Separate Account), First Ameritas Variable Annuity Separate Account (the First Ameritas Separate Account, collectively with the Ameritas Separate Account, the Separate Accounts), and Ameritas Investment Corp. (AIC or BROKER) (collectively, Applicants). 
SUMMARY OF APPLICATION:
Applicants seek an order to permit the recapture, under specified circumstances, of certain credits applied to purchase payments made under certain variable annuity contracts issued by the Separate Accounts (the Contracts), as well as other variable annuity contracts that Ameritas/First Ameritas may issue in the future through existing or future separate accounts (Other Accounts) that are substantially similar in all material respects to the Contracts (Future Contracts). Applicants also request that the order being sought extend to any other National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (NASD) member broker-dealer controlling or controlled by, or under common control with, Ameritas/First Ameritas whether existing or created in the future, that serves as distributor or principal underwriter for the Contracts or Future Contracts (Affiliated Broker-Dealers). 
FILING DATE:
The Application was filed on December 19, 2001, amended and restated on April 1, 2002, and May 8, 2002, and amended on June 3, 2002. 
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
An order granting the Application will be issued unless the SEC orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the SEC's Secretary and serving Applicants with a copy of the request, in person or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the SEC by 5:30 p.m. on June 28, 2002, and should be accompanied by proof of service on the Applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Hearing requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the Secretary of the SEC. 
ADDRESSES:
Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, 450 Fifth Street, NW., Washington, DC 20549-0609. Applicants, c/o Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company, 5900 O Street, Lincoln, NE 68510, Attn: Gregory C. Sernett, Esq.; copies to W. Randolph Thompson, Jorden Burt LLP, 1025 Thomas Jefferson Street, NW., Suite 400 East, Washington, DC 20007-5208. 
Start Further Info
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Zandra Bailes, Senior Counsel, or Lorna MacLeod, Branch Chief, Office of Insurance Products, Division of Investment Management, at (202) 942-0670. 
End Further Info
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The following is a summary of the Application. The complete application is available for a fee from the SEC's Public Reference Branch, 450 Fifth Street, NW., Washington, DC 20549-0102 (tel. (202) 942-8090). 
Applicants' Representations 
1. Ameritas is a stock life insurance company organized under the insurance laws of Nebraska in 1983. Ameritas is an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Ameritas Acacia Mutual Holding Company, the ultimate parent company of Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. (Ameritas Life), Nebraska's first insurance companyin business since 1887, and Acacia Life Insurance Company, a District of Columbia domiciled company chartered by an Act of the United States Congress in 1869. In 1996, Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. entered into a joint venture with AmerUs Life Insurance Company (a merger of Central Life Assurance Company founded in 1896 and American Mutual Life Insurance Company founded in 1897). Both Ameritas Life and AmerUs now guarantee the obligations of Ameritas through an agreement forming AMAL Corporation, a holding company that owns the common stock of Ameritas. 
2. First Ameritas is a stock life insurance company organized under the insurance laws of New York in 1993. First Ameritas is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameritas Life. 
3. The Ameritas Separate Account was established as a separate asset account of Ameritas under Nebraska law on May 28, 1987. The First Ameritas Separate Account was established as a separate investment account of First Ameritas under New York law on March 21, 2000. The Separate Accounts were established for the purpose of funding variable annuity contracts. Any income, gains or losses, realized or unrealized, from assets allocated to the Separate Accounts, are, in accordance with the respective Separate Accounts' contracts, credited to or charged against the Separate Accounts without regard to other income, gains or losses of Ameritas or First Ameritas, respectively. The Separate Accounts are registered with the Commission as unit investment trusts under the 1940 Act. 
4. AIC is the principal underwriter of the Contracts. AIC is registered with the Commission as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act) and is a member of the NASD. The Contracts are sold by Start Printed Page 40347licensed insurance agents (where the Contracts may be lawfully sold) who are registered representatives of broker-dealers which are registered under the 1934 Act and are members of the NASD. AIC enters into selling group agreements with affiliated and unaffiliated broker-dealers. AIC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMAL Corporation and an affiliate of Ameritas and First Ameritas. 
5. The Contracts may be purchased with an initial premium payment of $25,000. Subsequent premium payments of at least $1,000 ($50 per month if through electronic funds transfer) may also be made. The Contracts may assess annual contract fees, currently $0; contract fees are waived if the contract value is at least $50,000. The Medley Contract assesses an annual mortality and expense risk charge of 0.60% and an annual administrative expense fee of 0.15% of assets allocated to the Ameritas Separate Account. The Accent Contract assesses an annual mortality and expense risk charge of 0.80% and an annual administrative expense fee of 0.15% of assets allocated to the First Ameritas Separate Account. (Hereinafter mortality and expense risk charge plus the administrative expense fee for each product will be collectively referred to as the basic charges for the Contracts.) 
6. Owners of Medley Contracts may allocate their purchase payments among 40 investment options39 Subaccounts of the Ameritas Separate Account or an Ameritas fixed account option. Owners of Accent Contracts may allocate their purchase payments among 31 investment options30 Subaccounts in the First Ameritas Separate Account or a First Ameritas fixed account option. Each Ameritas Subaccount will invest in shares of a corresponding portfolio of The Alger American Fund; American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.; Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Ameritas Portfolios; Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Calvert Social Portfolios; Variable Insurance Products: Service Class 2; INVESCO Variable Investment Funds, Inc.; MFS Variable Insurance Trust; The Universal Institutional Funds, Inc.; Salomon Brothers Variable Series Funds Inc.; Summit Mutual Funds, Inc., Summit Pinnacle Series; and Third Avenue Variable Series Trust. Each First Ameritas Subaccount will invest in shares of a corresponding portfolio of The Alger American Fund; Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Ameritas Portfolios; Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Calvert Social Portfolios; Variable Insurance Products: Service Class 2; MFS Variable Insurance Trust; and The Universal Institutional Funds, Inc. 
7. Ameritas/First Ameritas may in the future decide to create additional Subaccounts to invest in any additional underlying funds as may now or in the future be available. Ameritas/First Ameritas also may decide to combine or eliminate Subaccounts or transfer assets to and from Subaccounts. 
8. The basic Contract features may be modified or augmented by a number of rider options. The rider options permit Contract owners to elect certain Contract features or benefits that fit their particular needs. Generally, the election of a particular rider option will result in higher explicit expenses for Ameritas/First Ameritas or an increased risk that charges associated with the Contract will be inadequate in relation to expenses. Thus, most of the rider options, once elected, result in increased charges over and above the basic charges (0.75% for Medley Contracts and 0.95% for Accent Contracts). 
9. Rider options must be chosen at the time of application. Available rider options for Medley Contracts include: a minimum initial premium option; a seven-year or five-year CDSC option; two free withdrawal options; a one-year step up death benefit; a 5% enhanced death benefit; and a greater of one-year step-up or 5% enhanced death benefit. 
10. For an additional annual Contract fee, currently $36, and an annual charge of 0.25%, a Contract may be purchased for a minimum initial premium of at least $2,000. (Both charges are waived when account value is at least $50,000.) Optional CDSC periods of seven and five years may be selected at annual percentage fees deducted monthly, of 0.30% and 0.45%, respectively. Free withdrawal options include one that (for an annual charge of 0.05%) permits up to 10% of account value to be withdrawn annually and another that (for an annual charge of 0.20%) permits up to the greater of a stated percentage of account value, or earnings, to be withdrawn annually, where the stated percentage of account value is 15% in the first contract year, 30% in the second contract year and 45% in the third and subsequent contract years. Guaranteed minimum death benefit options (one-year periodic step-up, 5% roll-up, and greater of features) are available at annual rates of 0.25%, 0.35%, and 0.37% respectively. 
11. For Accent Contracts, the only rider option available is a one-year periodic step-up minimum death benefit at a current annual rate of 0.25% of Separate Account assets. 
12. Ameritas/First Ameritas intend to offer an additional rider option under the Contracts which, if elected at the time of application, will result in the crediting of a 4% bonus (the Credit) on all purchase payments made during the first twelve months of the Contract. The Credit on the Contract owner's remitted purchase payments will be funded from the Ameritas or First Ameritas general account and will be credited proportionately among the investment options chosen by the Contract owner. In contract years two through nine, Ameritas/First Ameritas will credit a lesser bonus amount. The amount of the Credit in years two through nine will be equal to 4% multiplied by a linearly decreasing ratio over the nine-year surrender charge period. The following schedule illustrates the decreasing bonus amount credited on premiums paid in years two through nine. 
YearFormulaReduced bonus  (percent)24%  8/93.5634%  7/93.1144%  6/92.6754%  5/92.2264%  4/91.7874%  3/91.3384%  2/9.8994%  1/9.44
13. For the above rider option, an annualized fee of 0.42% of the daily net assets of the Separate Account (or of the fixed account if elected) will be deducted monthly for the first nine contract years. The option of either electing the Credit or not (an election that can only be made prior to issuance of the Contract), allows prospective purchasers to choose between two different Separate Account charge structures over the first nine contract years. If the Credit is elected, total Separate Account charges under the Contracts, as an annual percentage of the average daily net assets of the respective Separate Accounts for the first nine contract years and assuming no other rider options are elected, will be 1.17% for the Medley Contract and 1.37% for the Accent Contracts. If the Credit is not elected, total Separate Account charges for Medley and Accent Contracts will be 0.75% and 0.95% respectively for all contract years (assuming no other rider options are elected). If the owner expects to surrender the Contract in the first seven contract years, the Credit should not be elected, because in that event he or she will receive a benefit from the Credit that is smaller than the charges paid for it. An owner who holds the Contract for Start Printed Page 40348at least seven years will always benefit from having elected the Credit. 
14. The Contract has a free look period which will vary according to state law but will be at least ten days. Depending on the laws of the state in which the Contract is issued, the amount of the refund will be equal to (i) the value of the Contract, (ii) the purchase payment(s), or (iii) the greater of the previous two values. The Credit (as augmented by any earnings on the Credit or as diminished by any investment losses on the Credit) will not be part of the amount an owner will receive if the free look provision is exercised. Unless the law requires that the full amount of the purchase payment(s) be refunded, the owner bears the investment risk from the time of purchase until he or she returns the Contract. The refund amount may be more or less than the purchase payment(s) the owner made (except in states requiring return of premiums).
15. The Contracts have a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) that applies to: partial withdrawals within nine years of a premium payment; surrender within nine years of a premium payment; annuitization within two years of a premium payment; or annuitization pursuant to an income option with no life contingency within nine years of a premium payment.
16. The Contracts assess a CDSC of 8% of invested premium payments in the first three years after the premium is paid. Thereafter, the CDSC declines to 7% in years four and five, to 6%, 5%, 4%, and 2% for years six through nine, respectively, and is 0% for years ten or more.
17. If a Credit has been elected, a portion of the Credit, as augmented by earnings or diminished by any investment losses (the Credit Value), will be subject to recapture upon an exercise of free look rights and all withdrawals and annuitizations from the Account Value (the sum of the values in the Separate Account variable investment options and the fixed account), during the first seven years of the Contracts. The amount of the Credit Value withdrawn is the total withdrawn from the Account Value times the ratio of the Credit Value to the Account Value. During the free look period and before the end of the seventh contract year, portions of the Credit Value withdrawn will be recaptured according to the following formula: CVR = [CV/(AV)]*S*Y, where: CVR = Credit Value Recaptured, CV= Credit Value immediately before the withdrawal, AV = Account Value immediately before the withdrawal, S = Excess of the amount withdrawn over any amount permitted to be withdrawn with no CDSC (pursuant to an optional rider), Y = (10contract year of surrender)/9. For withdrawals in contract years one through four (1-4) of the Accent Contracts, factor Y would be capped at no more than 0.60 (in order to comply with New York law).
18. The effect of the above formula (for the contracts other than Accent Contracts in their first 4 contract years) is that the portion of the withdrawn Credit Value to be recaptured during the first seven years will be reduced during each of the first seven contract years. In the first Contract year, one hundred percent (100%) of the Credit Value will be recaptured. In each of years two through seven, the portion of the withdrawn Credit Value that is recaptured will be reduced by one-ninth. No recapture will take place after the seventh Contract year. The effect of the formula for the Accent Contracts is that the portion of the withdrawn Credit Value to be recaptured will remain level during the first four Contract years (when Y will always be 0.60) and then will be reduced by one-ninth during each of Contract years 5-7.
19. Applicants state that the total dollar amount of the surrender charge plus recapture of the Credit Value will not exceed that percentage of premium stated below during the first seven years after a premium payment:
Age (in years) of premium paymentMaximum percentage  of premium112.5211.1310.2410.059.068.077.0
20. The Credit Value will not be subject to recapture on the amount contained in a free withdrawal (not subject to the CDSC). Such free withdrawals would only be permitted if the owner had elected an optional free withdrawal rider prior to issuance of the Contract. For purposes of calculating the CDSC, surrenders are considered to first come from the oldest purchase payment made to the Contract, then the next oldest purchase payment and so forth.
21. The Credit Value recaptured will be taken proportionately from each investment option as allocated at the time of the withdrawal. No recapture of the Credit Value will take place: if the Contract is annuitized and applied to a life contingent income option (assuming no premiums paid for two years prior to annuitization), if a death benefit becomes payable, or if distributions are required in order to meet minimum distributions requirements under the Code.
22. After the end of the seventh Contract year, the Credit will not be subject to recapture and, after the ninth year, the 0.42% charge associated with the Credit will be eliminated.
23. If the Contract owner elects the Credit option and later makes a full surrender of the Contract, electing the Credit option will be to the Contract owner's benefit only if the Contract is not surrendered during the first seven contract years. If the Contract is surrendered during the first seven contract years, the Contract Owner will receive less than if the Credit option had not been elected. After seven contract years, and during Contract years 1-3 for the Accent Contracts, both the Account Value and the Surrender Value received upon full surrender of the Contract will be greater if the Credit option is elected, than if it had not been elected.
24. The seven-year or five-year CDSC option is not available if the Contract owner elects the Credit option.
25. Applicants seek exemptions pursuant to Section 6(c) from Sections 2(a)(32) and 27(i)(2)(A) of the Act and Rule 22-1 thereunder to the extent deemed necessary to permit Ameritas/First Ameritas to recapture part or all of the Credits and earnings on the Credits, as described above, in the following instances: (i) when an owner exercises the Contract's free look provision; and (ii) when an owner makes a partial withdrawal or a surrender in the first seven Contract years.
Applicants' Legal Analysis
1. Section 6(c) of the Act authorizes the Commission to exempt any person, security or transaction, or any class or classes of persons, securities or transactions from the provisions of the Act and the rules promulgated thereunder if and to the extent that such exemption is necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act. Applicants request that the Commission issue an order pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Act granting the exemptions requested below with respect to the Contracts and any Future Contracts funded by the Accounts or Other Accounts that are issued by Ameritas/First Ameritas and underwritten or distributed by the BROKER or Affiliated Broker-Dealers. Applicants undertake that Future Contracts will be substantially similar in all material respects to the Contracts. Applicants believe that the requested Start Printed Page 40349exemptions are appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act.
2. Subsection (i) of Section 27 of the Act provides that Section 27 does not apply to any registered separate account funding variable insurance contracts, or to the sponsoring insurance company and principal underwriter of such account, except as provided in paragraph (2) of the subsection. Paragraph (2) provides that it shall be unlawful for such a separate account or sponsoring insurance company to sell a contract funded by the registered separate account unless such contract is a redeemable security. Section 2(a)(32) defines redeemable security as any security, other than short-term paper, under the terms of the which the holder, upon presentation to the issuer, is entitled to receive approximately his proportionate share of the issuer's current net assets, or the cash equivalent thereof.
3. Applicants submit that the recapture of the Credit in the circumstances set forth in the Application would not deprive an owner of his or her proportionate share of the issuer's current net assets. Applicants state that an owner's interest in the Credit allocated to his or her annuity account during the first seven years is not entirely vested until after the seventh year. Subsequent credits (in years eight and nine) vest immediately. Unless and until any Credit amount is vested, Applicants submit that Ameritas/First Ameritas retains the right and interest in the Credit. Applicants argue that when Ameritas/First Ameritas recaptures any Credit, it is merely retrieving its own assets, and the owner has not been deprived of a proportionate share of the applicable Separate Account's assets because his or her interest in the Credit amount has not vested.
4. In addition, Applicants state that permitting an owner to retain a Credit under a Contract upon the exercise of the free look provision would not only be unfair, but would also encourage individuals to purchase a Contract with no intention of keeping it, and return it for a quick profit. Furthermore, the recapture of the Credit within the first seven Contract years is designed to provide Ameritas/First Ameritas with a measure of protection against a Contract owner surrendering or making a partial withdrawal shortly after a Credit is made thereby leaving Ameritas/First Ameritas insufficient time to recover the cost of the Credit. The Credit Value recaptured will be reduced by one-ninth over the first seven years of the Contract unless the Contract at issue is an Accent Contract where in the first four Contract years, factor Y, as explained above, will be capped at 0.60 to comply with New York law.
5. Applicants represent that it is not administratively feasible to track the Credit in the Separate Accounts once it has been declared. Accordingly, the asset-based charges applicable to the Separate Accounts will be assessed against the entire amount held in the Separate Account, including the Credit, during the free look period and the recapture periods. As a result, during such periods, the aggregate asset-based charges assessed against an owner's Contract value will be higher than if no Credit had been added. Ameritas/First Ameritas nonetheless represent that the Contract's fees and charges, in the aggregate, are reasonable within the meaning of Section 26(f) of the 1940 Act.
6. Applicants submit that the provisions for recapture of any Credit under the Contracts do not violate Sections 2(a)(32) and 27(i)(2)(A) of the Act. Applicants believe that a contrary conclusion would be inconsistent with a stated purpose of the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996 (NSMIA), which was to amend the Act to provide more effective and less burdensome regulation. Sections 26(f) and 27(i) were added to the Act to implement the purposes of NSMIA and Congressional intent. Applicants state that the application of Credits under the Contracts should not raise any questions about Ameritas/First Ameritas's compliance with the provisions of Section 27(i). However, to avoid any uncertainty as to full compliance with the Act, Applicants request an exemption from Section 2(a)(32) and 27(i)(2)(A), to the extent deemed necessary, to permit the recapture of any Credit under the circumstances described in the Application, without the loss of the relief from Section 27 provided by Section 27(i).
7. Section 22(c) of the Act authorizes the Commission to make rules and regulations applicable to registered investment companies and to principal underwriters of, and dealers in, the redeemable securities of any registered investment company to accomplish the same purposes as contemplated by Section 22(a). Rule 22c-1 under the Act prohibits a registered investment company issuing any redeemable security, a person designated in such issuer's prospectus as authorized to consummate transactions in any such security, and a principal underwriter of, or dealer in, such security, from selling, redeeming, or repurchasing any such security except at a price based on the current net asset value of such security which is next computed after receipt of a tender of such security for redemption or of an order to purchase or sell such security.
8. It is possible that someone might view Ameritas/First Ameritas's recapture of the Credit as resulting in the redemption of redeemable securities for a price other than one based on the current net asset value of the Account. Applicants believe, however, that the recapture of the Credit does not violate Rule 22c-1. Applicants argue that the recapture of all or part of the Credit does not involve either of the evils that Rule 22c-1 was intended to eliminate or reduce as far as reasonably practicable, namely: (i) the dilution of the value of outstanding redeemable securities of registered investment companies through their sale at a price below net asset value or repurchase at a price above it, and (ii) other unfair results, including speculative trading practices. These evils were the result of backward pricing, the practice of basing the price of a mutual fund share on the net asset value per share determined as of the close of the market on the previous day. Backward pricing allowed investors to take advantage of increases or decreases in net asset value that were not yet reflected in the price, thereby diluting the values of outstanding mutual fund shares. Applicants submit that the proposed recapture of the Credit does not pose such a threat of dilution. To effect a recapture of a Credit, Ameritas/First Ameritas will redeem interests in a Contract at a price determined on the basis of the current accumulation unit value(s) of the Subaccount(s) to which the owner's Contract value is allocated. The amount recaptured will approximate the amount of the Credits that Ameritas/First Ameritas paid out of its general account assets reduced over the seven year surrender period, as augmented or reduced by investment results. Thus, no dilution will occur upon the recapture of the Credit. Applicants also submit that the second harm that Rule 22c-1 was designed to address, namely speculative trading practices calculated to take advantage of backward pricing, will not occur as a result of the recapture of the Credit. Because neither of the harms that Rule 22c-1 was meant to address is found in the recapture of the Credit, Rule 22c-1 should not apply to any Credit. However, to avoid any uncertainty as to full compliance with the Act, Applicants request an exemption from the provisions of Rule 22c-1 to the Start Printed Page 40350extent deemed necessary to permit them to recapture the Credit under the Contracts.
Conclusion
Applicants submit that their request for an order is appropriate in the public interest. Applicants state that such an order would promote competitiveness in the variable annuity market by eliminating the need to file redundant exemptive applications, thereby reducing administrative expenses and maximizing the efficient use of Applicants' resources. Applicants argue that investors would not receive any benefit or additional protection by requiring Applicants to repeatedly seek exemptive relief that would present no issue under the Act that has not already been addressed in the Application. Applicants submit that having them file additional applications would impair their ability to take advantage of business opportunities as they arise. Further, Applicants state that if they were required repeatedly to seek exemptive relief with respect to the same issues addressed in the Application, investors would not receive any benefit or additional protection thereby.
Applicants further submit, for the reasons stated herein, that their exemptive requests meet the standards set out in Section 6(c) of the 1940 Act, namely, that the exemptions requested are necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the 1940 Act, and that, therefore, the Commission should grant the requested order.
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, pursuant to delegated authority.
Margaret H. McFarland,
Deputy Secretary.
End Signature
End Supplemental Information

[FR Doc. 02-14716 Filed 6-11-02; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8010-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  












