


Account Login







Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 4:18 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, insurance companies, public and private pension funds, foundations, endowments, Investment companies, pooled investment vehicles, corporations, state or municipal government entities, and civic organizations and clubs. The firm manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It also manages index products, structure products, and mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It also invests in the commercial mortgages, American D...
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, insurance companies, public and private pension funds, foundations, endowments, Investment companies, pooled investment vehicles, corporations, state or municipal government entities, and civic organizations and clubs. The firm manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It also manages index products, structure products, and mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It also invests in the commercial mortgages, American Depository Receipts, and real estate to create its portfolios. The firm primarily invests in the value and growth stocks of large cap companies with a market capitalization of excess of $1 billion. It invests in the corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and obligations of the U.S. government and its agencies to create its fixed income portfolio. The firm employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom up stock picking approach to make its equity investments. It employs both quantitative and qualitative analysis with a combination of top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to make its fixed investments. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against S&P 500 Index and Russell 1000 Value Index. It benchmarks the performance of its fixed income portfolios against Lehman Brothers U.S. Credit Index, Lehman Brothers Aggregate Bond Index, Merrill Lynch High Yield Master II Index, Lehman Brothers Mortgage Index, and CitiGroup Treasury 1 – 5 Year Index. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research. It was formerly known as Summit Investment Advisors Inc. The firm is based in Lincoln, Nebraska with an additional office in Cincinnati, Ohio. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Ameritas Holding Company.
Detailed Description


5945 R Street LincolnLincoln, NE 68505United States



Phone: 877-731-3336

Fax: 402-467-6970

www.summitinvestmentpartners.com







Key Executives for Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.




Mr. Gerald Quintin Herbert CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer, and Vice President 
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Thomas Gerard Knipper CPA


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President
      








Ms. Tina J. Udell CFA


      	Managing Director of Corporate Credit
      








Mr. Babu V. Sonti


      	Chief Technology Officer
      








Ms. Karen D. Dike


      	Vice President and Secretary
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ameritas Investment Partners Inc., please visit www.summitinvestmentpartners.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿






























Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases Shares of 2,318 Kaman Corporation (NYSE:KAMN) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Kaman Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Kaman Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Invests $127,000 in Farmland Partners Inc. (NYSE:FPI)
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Has $19.20 Million Stake in General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD)
Mason Street Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Heartland Express, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTLD)
3,826 Shares in Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI) Acquired by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases Shares of 2,318 Kaman Corporation (NYSE:KAMN)
Sunoco LP (NYSE:SUN) Position Held by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $290,000 Position in Lannett Co Inc (NYSE:LCI)
Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 1,520 Shares of Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX)
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases Shares of 6,759 Meritor, Inc. (NYSE:MTOR)
Mason Street Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Customers Bancorp, Inc (NYSE:CUBI)
Mason Street Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Southside Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SBSI)
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $286,000 Position in PS Business Parks, Inc. (NYSE:PSB)
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Anworth Mortgage Asset  Corporation (NYSE:ANH)
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX)
Mason Street Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Strayer Education, Inc. (NASDAQ:STRA)
Zynga (NASDAQ:ZNGA) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.24
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Calithera Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:CALA)
Advanced Accelerator Application SA (NASDAQ:AAAP) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (NYSE:DPS)
Acacia Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIA) Coverage Initiated at DA Davidson







Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases Shares of 2,318 Kaman Corporation (NYSE:KAMN)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments




Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. acquired a new position in  Kaman Corporation (NYSE:KAMN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  acquired 2,318 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $112,000. 
A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of KAMN. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of  Kaman Corporation by 6.7% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 14,630 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $716,000 after buying an additional 920 shares during the last quarter.  Barings LLC purchased a new stake in  Kaman Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at $206,000.  Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new stake in  Kaman Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at $499,000.  Two Sigma Investments LP purchased a new stake in  Kaman Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at $1,976,000.  Finally, First Republic Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in  Kaman Corporation by 22.3% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 9,314 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $455,000 after buying an additional 1,700 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  99.40% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Kaman Corporation alerts:



Shares of Kaman Corporation (NYSE:KAMN) traded up 0.24% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $50.66. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 116,776 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $49.37 and a 200-day moving average of $49.39. Kaman Corporation has a 12 month low of $40.85 and a 12 month high of $53.41. The company has a market cap of $1.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.83 and a beta of 0.69. 





Kaman Corporation (NYSE:KAMN) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.22 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.04. Kaman Corporation had a net margin of 3.09% and a return on equity of 10.18%. The business had revenue of $435.94 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $427.90 million.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Kaman Corporation will post $2.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, July 6th. Investors of record on Tuesday, June 20th were given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.58%. The ex-dividend date  was Friday, June 16th. Kaman Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 40.82%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/17/ameritas-investment-partners-inc-invests-112000-in-kaman-corporation-kamn-updated-updated.html. 
Several research analysts have commented on the company. BidaskClub raised Kaman Corporation from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Zacks Investment Research raised Kaman Corporation from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, KeyCorp  reissued an “equal weight” rating on shares of Kaman Corporation in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a hold rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $53.00.
About Kaman Corporation
Kaman Corporation conducts business in the aerospace and distribution markets. The Company operates through two segments: Distribution and Aerospace. The Company’s brands include KAflex, KAron and K-MAX. Distribution segment is a power transmission, motion control, and fluid power industrial distributor with operations throughout the United States.







Receive News & Ratings for Kaman Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kaman Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases New Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB)













Сontactos











 Home
/ Negocios
/ Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases New Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) 



Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases New Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB)

Rai Favela |
Sábado, Julio 22, 2017







Simcoe Capital Management Llc who had been investing in Flex Ltd for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $8.90 billion market cap company. The Firm operates through four divisions: International-Matex Tank Terminals, Atlantic Aviation, Contracted Power (CP) and MIC Hawaii.Peoples Financial Services Corp increased its stake in Nbt Bancorp Inc Com (NBTB) by 97.34% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC. (NASDAQ:NBTB) to report earnings on July, 24 after the close.
Since January 18, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 12 selling transactions for $6.40 million activity. On average, equities analysts predict that NBT Bancorp will post $1.94 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The stock increased 0.26% or $0.02 during the last trading session, reaching $7.57.NBT Bancorp Inc. was upgraded to " by analysts at Piper Jaffray. (NASDAQ:NBTB) has risen 27.32% since July 19, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 10.62% the S&P500.Investors sentiment decreased to 1.4 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.17, from 1.67 in 2016Q3. 22 funds opened positions while 45 raised stakes. Trexquant Investment LP purchased a new stake in shares of NBT Bancorp during the first quarter worth about $218,000. Hartford Inv Management Company holds 6,928 shares or 0.1% of its portfolio. (NASDAQ:NBTB). Invesco owns 300,639 shares or 0% of their U.S. portfolio. The Vermont-based Of Vermont has invested 0% in NBT Bancorp Inc. "(NASDAQ:NBTB)" was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. Pnc Fincl Svcs stated it has 41,037 shares. Salzhauer Michael owned 0.09% of NBT Bancorp worth $1,478,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Midland States... had 2 analyst reports since June 20, 2016 according to SRatingsIntel.11/04/2015 - NBT Bancorp Inc. had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. It turned negative, as 9 investors sold NBTB shares while 39 reduced holdings. Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its position in shares of NBT Bancorp by 15.7% in the fourth quarter.Since January 25, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 12 sales for $6.40 million activity. Also, the number of active investment managers holding NBT Bancorp Inc in their top 10 positions was flat from 1 to 1 for the same number. (NASDAQ:NBTB). Sei Invs stated it has 219 shares or 0% of all its holdings. Blackrock Limited Liability Corp has invested 0.01% of its portfolio in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:NBTB) was sold by MITCHELL JOHN C. SANTANGELO JOSEPH A also sold $59,368 worth of NBT Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:NBTB). Hancock Holdg has 29,200 shares. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.27, for a total transaction of $56,943.90. Shares for $762,571 were sold by CHEWENS MICHAEL J on Wednesday, February 1. DIETRICH MARTIN A sold 25,000 shares worth $1.04M. Piper Jaffray Companies raised NBT Bancorp from an "underweight" rating to a "neutral" rating and set a $35.50 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, June 8th. Therefore 0 are positive. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of NBT Bancorp from a "sell" rating to a "hold" rating in a research report on Friday, June 9th. (NASDAQ:NBTB) on Wednesday, November 16 to "Underweight" rating. The stock has "Hold" rating by Piper Jaffray on Thursday, July 13. TheStreet cut shares of The Bancorp from a "c-" rating to a "d" rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. (NASDAQ:NBTB) on Thursday, January 26.Analysts await NBT Bancorp Inc. Simcoe Capital Management Llc sold 176,029 shares as the company's stock rose 0.43% with the market. The Company conducts its business through NBT Bank, National Association (the Bank) and also through its other subsidiaries, which includes providing commercial banking and financial services to customers in its market area, including central and upstate NY, northeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Hampshire, western Massachusetts, Vermont and Portland, Maine area. It has a 20.07 P/E ratio. The Bank is a commercial bank, which provides a range of financial products to individuals, corporations and municipalities. Vanguard Group Inc has 3.79 million shares. Howland Cap Mngmt Ltd Co owns 11,714 shares or 0.01% of their U.S. portfolio. The institutional investor held 276,327 shares of the major banks company at the end of 2016Q4, valued at $7.91M, up from 140,025 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Bank & Trust Of New York Mellon Corp holds 618,292 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Moreover, Calamos Advsrs Limited has 0.02% invested in AutoZone, Inc. The company's revenue was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. MIC's profit will be $50.49 million for 31.14 P/E if the $0.61 EPS becomes a reality. The bank reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.46. MSBI's SI was 216,200 shares in July as released by FINRA. It has underperformed by 27.65% the S&P500. Therefore 73% are positive. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company's stock. The lowest target is $89.0 while the high is $98.0. NBT Bancorp presently has an average rating of "Hold" and an average target price of $34.25. MIC was included in 2 notes of analysts from November 2, 2016. The stock has "Overweight" rating by Barclays Capital on Thursday, February 23.




Latest News
 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company



Zalando SE (FRA:ZAL) Given a €50.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag



Stock Impressing Investors: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (NASDAQ:COKE)



Beijing says no to Justin Bieber over past 'bad behaviour'



Here's Why The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) Trending These Days



Drax Group Plc (DRX) Cut to Neutral at Citigroup Inc



Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) Receives "Outperform" Rating from Evercore ISI



Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust (TSE:AAR.UN) Declares $0.03 Monthly Dividend



Dollar General Corporation (DG) Shares Bought by Credit Suisse AG



GM Considers Scrapping Half-Dozen Passenger Car Models



Los villanos dominan el nuevo tráiler de 'The Defenders — Comic-Con



What Analysts say About Regulus Therapeutics (RGLS)?



The Noble Energy (NBL) Receives News Impact Score of 0.31



Tutor Perini Corporation (TPC) Stake Reduced by Clearbridge Investments LLC











Sábado, Julio 22, 2017  





Popular news



GP Strategies Corporation (GPX) Upgraded at BidaskClub 
				The insider Ceresino Gordon J sold $115,992. $1.08 million worth of Albemarle Corporation (NYSE:ALB) was sold by Maine Douglas L. TheStreet lowered shares of GP Strategies Corporation from a "b" rating to a "c+" rating in a report on Thursday, May 25th.


Leonardo Bonucci: Being dropped in UCL was 'final straw' at Juventus 
				Even the most lovely marriages sometimes end. "I hope to give them a lot of victories down the years".  AC Milan signing Leonardo Bonucci admits there were major reasons why he quit Juventus .


Rohit Sharma And Ajinkya Rahane Among Top Grossers From BCCI Revenue Share 
				Bhuvneshwar Kumar got a sum of 67 lakhs for worldwide tournaments played outside India while Umesh Yadav bagged 83 lakhs. In the same period, Ajinkya Rahane received Rs 1.10 crore while R Ashwin received Rs 1.01 crore .


Agreements on East Ghouta zone in Syria signed - Defense Ministry 
				The command said in a statement carried by state TV that the cessation of operations began at noon local time Saturday. Opposition activists said Ghouta was quiet after airstrikes early Saturday.


Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Position in Independent Bank Group, Inc (IBTX) 
				Independent Bank Group ( NASDAQ:IBTX ) opened at 58.55 on Thursday. 52,765 were accumulated by Toronto Dominion National Bank. ValuEngine raised shares of Independent Bank Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd.


Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research 
				On average, analysts predict that Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. will post ($0.94) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Navios Maritime Holdings by 8.3% in the first quarter.


Sin estudios estadísticos ni sociales — Violencia de género 
				Las cifras del gobernador no son las mismas del fiscal mexiquense, sin embargo, en la entidad continúa la violencia feminicida.  Calificó la baja en las cifras como "una disminución sumamente moderada, o más bien, se trata de una contención".


Salem Media Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SALM) Cut to "Hold" at ValuEngine 
				Zacks Investment Research downgraded Salem Media Group from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. The company reported $0.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts' consensus estimates of $0.08 by $0.04.


Six Burundi teenagers missing after attending USA  robot contest 
				Between 500 and 2,000 people have been killed in clashes in the east African country, according to United Nations and NGO sources. The missing team members include two 17-year-old girls and four males ranging in age from 16 to 18.


Mumaith Khan To Quit Bigg Boss For Drugs Probe 
				The SIT officials are investigating each celebrity for more than 10 hours and this is spreading fear among the celebrities. He said it was unfortunate that some people were making comments which were demoralising for the officials.


Microsoft más que duplica su beneficio en el cuarto trimestre 
				Las acciones de Microsoft subieron un 1 por ciento en las operaciones posteriores al cierre de la sesión regular del mercado. Respecto a Office, ahora está registrando más rédito de las suscripciones vía 365 que de su modelo tradicional de licencias.


Andrea Belotti Reportedly Agrees Milan Terms, Top Rumours — Chelsea Transfer News 
				If someone from abroad comes with €100m, then I shake his hand and wish him good luck". So Milan would probably have to overpay to get their man.


Barcelona offer Rafinha to Arsenal 
				When asked about his future last month, Rafinha said: "My future is open and God only knows what will happen". Although he did not directly mention Arsenal , Marca say Rafinha is interested in a move to north London.


27M uninsured under Senate health care bill 
				It's not clear whether Republicans will ultimately opt to vote on this plan, and it's even more questionable that it would pass. Rick Scott said Wednesday in Boca Raton he continues to support repeal because Obamacare has been a "disaster".


Nissan Leaf to feature e-Pedal - one-pedal driving 
				The e-Pedal is a new piece of technology which can allow drivers to control multiple functions via this single pedal. To engage braking, simply ease off the pedal, and if you want to come to a stop, release it completely.







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



Archer-Daniels-Midland Company




Zalando SE (FRA:ZAL) Given a €50.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag




Stock Impressing Investors: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (NASDAQ:COKE)




Beijing says no to Justin Bieber over past 'bad behaviour'




Here's Why The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) Trending These Days




Drax Group Plc (DRX) Cut to Neutral at Citigroup Inc




Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) Receives "Outperform" Rating from Evercore ISI




Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust (TSE:AAR.UN) Declares $0.03 Monthly Dividend




Dollar General Corporation (DG) Shares Bought by Credit Suisse AG




GM Considers Scrapping Half-Dozen Passenger Car Models




Los villanos dominan el nuevo tráiler de 'The Defenders — Comic-Con




What Analysts say About Regulus Therapeutics (RGLS)?




Adele Climbs U.K. Rich List, Paul McCartney Still On Top




McDonald's, Cinnabon, Hooters offer Tax Day freebies




Flow battery could run for more than 10 years











﻿
































Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Acquires New Stake in Penn National Gaming, Inc. (NASDAQ:PENN) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Penn National Gaming Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Penn National Gaming Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Willamette Valley Vineyards (NASDAQ:WVVI) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.09
Comstock Mining (LODE) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Friedman Industries (FRD) Share Price
Buckingham Asset Management LLC Purchases 2,046 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
Pitcairn Co. Has $453,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
John C. Pope Sells 453 Shares of Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Stock
Brokerages Set Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE:ATO) PT at $84.71
Welltower Inc. (NYSE:HCN) Receives $74.31 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
Brokerages Set Go-Ahead Group plc (LON:GOG) PT at $2,171.50
Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Head to Head Contrast: Air Products and Chemicals (APD) and LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB)
Analyzing Sony Corp Ord (SNE) and ZAGG (ZAGG)
Dolby Laboratories (DLB) and Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (NYSE:LGF) Head to Head Analysis
Contrasting CGG SA (CGV) & RigNet (NASDAQ:RNET)
Hyatt Hotels Corporation (NYSE:H) and Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (VAC) Head to Head Survey
Deutsche Bank AG Cuts Signature Bank (SBNY) Price Target to $162.00
Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) PT Raised to $86.00 at Morgan Stanley
Cloudera (CLDR) Price Target Cut to $18.00
Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. (BKFS) PT Raised to $47.00 at Bank of America Corporation
Head to Head Contrast: Caesarstone (CSTE) & American Woodmark Corporation (AMWD)




 


Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Acquires New Stake in Penn National Gaming, Inc. (NASDAQ:PENN)

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Penn National Gaming, Inc. (NASDAQ:PENN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund bought 6,959 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $128,000. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue bought a new stake in  Penn National Gaming during the first quarter valued at about $168,000.  Van ECK Associates Corp increased its stake in shares of  Penn National Gaming by 9.2% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 9,429 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 795 shares during the last quarter.  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Penn National Gaming during the first quarter valued at $240,000.  Alambic Investment Management L.P. acquired a new stake in shares of  Penn National Gaming during the first quarter valued at $297,000.  Finally, Profund Advisors LLC purchased a new position in  Penn National Gaming during the first quarter valued at approximately $323,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  94.94% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Penn National Gaming Inc. alerts:



Penn National Gaming, Inc. (NASDAQ:PENN) traded down 0.39% during trading on Thursday, reaching $20.65. The company had a trading volume of 442,735 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $1.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.90 and a beta of 1.02. Penn National Gaming, Inc. has a one year low of $11.93 and a one year high of $22.19. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $20.95 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.50. 




Penn National Gaming (NASDAQ:PENN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $0.06 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.02. Penn National Gaming had a net margin of 2.97% and a negative return on equity of 19.08%. The company had revenue of $776.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $769.81 million. Penn National Gaming’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts expect that  Penn National Gaming, Inc. will post $0.64 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: This piece of content was  reported by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/ameritas-investment-partners-inc-takes-position-in-penn-national-gaming-inc-penn-updated-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on the company. Deutsche Bank AG  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $25.00 price target (up previously from $22.00) on shares of Penn National Gaming in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised Penn National Gaming from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $23.00 price target on shares of Penn National Gaming in a report on Friday, July 14th. BidaskClub raised Penn National Gaming from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 13th. Finally, FBR & Co  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $23.00 price objective (up from $20.00) on shares of Penn National Gaming in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $20.60.
About Penn National Gaming
Penn National Gaming, Inc (Penn) is an owner and manager of gaming and racing facilities, and video gaming terminal operations with a focus on slot machine entertainment. The Company operates through three segments: Northeast, South/West and Midwest. The Northeast segment consists of various properties, including Hollywood Casino at Charles Town Races, Hollywood Casino Bangor, Hollywood Casino at Penn National Race Course and Hollywood Casino Toledo.







Receive News & Ratings for Penn National Gaming Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Penn National Gaming Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website






























































Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Invests $131000 in TEGNA Inc. (NYSE:TGNA)

































  Titres
                

NA Sells 255 Shares of Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (NYSE:IFF) 
Long Beach Man Sues After Underage Son's Winning $5M Scratcher Is Denied 
Three systems of health insurance may be what doctor ordered | Letters 
Massive US bomb death toll rises to 94 
Fire engulfs Bellagio roof, Las Vegas Strip temporarily shut down 
Kate Middleton and Prince William in love at the Stade de France 
Thailand seizes rhino horns in random luggage check 


























Nouvelles
Financer Culture Science Sport Monde Santé Nationale 




Financer
Culture
Science
Sport
Monde
Santé
Nationale


 


Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Invests $131000 in TEGNA Inc. (NYSE:TGNA)
Evrard Martin
Juillet 18, 2017



Part












Shares of TEGNA Inc.
Many other high profile fund managers have quite recently purchased and unloaded stocks of TGNA. The firm owned 49,471 shares of the company's stock at the end of the first quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc.'s holdings in TEGNA were worth $1,267,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 85.89% of the company's stock. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in TEGNA by 3.3% in the first quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 12,291 shares of the company's stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. bought a new stake in TEGNA during the first quarter valued at about $131,000. 1,801,391 shares of the company's stock traded hands. Iberiabank Corp acquired a new stake in shares of TEGNA during the second quarter worth about $170,000. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company's stock. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of TEGNA by 1,523.6% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in TEGNA by 3,145.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 21,056,913 shares of the company's stock worth $539,479,000 after buying an additional 231,675 shares during the period. The company's periodic earnings was down.4% compared with the same period in the prior year. for the same period in the previous fiscal year, the business reported $0.45 EPS. on consensus, Brokerage firms anticipate that TEGNA to post $1.38 earnings per share for the financial year.TEGNA Inc shares had a trading volume of 3,008K by the end of trading on Friday.Company chares are trading at $14.66 which is marginally lower than the 50 day moving average which is $18.03 and barely below the 200 day moving average of $22.58.TEGNA (NYSE:TGNA) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.33. TEGNA had a return on equity of 19.16% and a net margin of 12.25%. The company had revenue of $778.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $799.54 million. The firm's revenue for the quarter was down.4% on a year-over-year basis. In the latest earnings report the EPS was $1.87 and is estimated to be $1.22 for the current year with 214,789,000 shares outstanding.Additionally the company announced a dividend for shareholders that was paid on Monday July 3rd, 2017. Investors of record on Friday, June 9th were issued a $0.07 dividend. TEGNA's yield ratio (DPR) is presently 14.97%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wed, Jun 7th. TEGNA's payout ratio is 14.97%.COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: "Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd". Has $722,000 Position in TEGNA Inc. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of worldwide trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/tegna-inc-nysetgna-stock-rating-lowered-by-thestreet/1218899.html.A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on TGNA shares. Wells Fargo & Company reiterated an "outperform" rating and set a $16.50 price objective on shares of TEGNA in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. TheStreet upgraded shares of TEGNA from a "c" rating to a "b" rating in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a "hold" rating and set a $26.00 price objective on shares of TEGNA in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. FBR & Co dropped their price objective on TEGNA from $30.00 to $29.00 and set an "outperform" rating on the stock in a report on Monday, May 15th.Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Benchmark initiated coverage on TGNA with an initial rating of "Buy" and establishing a price target of $26.00. The Company's segments include TEGNA Media (Media) and TEGNA Digital (Digital). As of December 31, 2016, its media business included 46 television stations operating in 38 markets and offered television programming and digital content.

 




D'autres rapports CampDesrEcrues 









18 Juillet 2017




Ys Seven For PC Receives First Trailer and Screenshots Showing Improved Visuals









18 Juillet 2017




Ed Sheeran Deletes Twitter Account









18 Juillet 2017




USC offensive lineman to transfer to UK











18 Juillet 2017




Alexandre Bompard passe aujourd'hui de FNAC-DARTY à CARREFOUR — Fnac Darty









18 Juillet 2017




South Korea proposes military talks with North Korea







BCE (NYSE:BCE) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.11









Collision impliquant trois véhicules sur la route 185









18 Juillet 2017




ATS conducts mock drill ahead of Presidential polls









18 Juillet 2017




Serie A side Sampdoria bid for Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere









Fortress Investment Group LLC (NYSE:FIG) Short Interest Down 35.4% in June









18 Juillet 2017




From 'Game of Thrones' soldier, Ed Sheeran gets 'Simpsonized'









18 Juillet 2017




Kurt Angle reveals his secret









Articles récents Nouvelles


 
Turkish parliament to discuss state of emergency extension




 
Man United make 'breakthrough' in deal to sign 28-year-old




 
Lonzo Ball Says His Shoe Choices Are Fuel for Bidding War




Discuter de cet article








 LES PLUS LUS CampDesrEcrues



Kerala votes for new President



Un Français sur sept dit ne pas savoir nager — Noyades


What Are Analysts Opinions On AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS)



Emmanuel Macron appelle à une "reprise des négociations" — Israël-Palestine



Vel d'Hiv: l'invitation de Macron est un "geste très, très fort" (Netanyahu)



Ryan Phillippe Hospitalized for Leg Injury. What Happened?


Oxford Asset Management Invests $374000 in KMG Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:KMG)


The Hain Celestial Group Target of Unusually High Options Trading (HAIN)



Kara Mbodj suscite l'intérêt de Lille — Mercato


Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:APC), Tractor Supply Company







SUIVRE NOTRE JOURNAL











DERNIERES NOUVELLES CampDesrEcrues



 
NA Sells 255 Shares of Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (NYSE:IFF)


Long Beach Man Sues After Underage Son's Winning $5M Scratcher Is Denied


Three systems of health insurance may be what doctor ordered | Letters


How 'Young Justice' Season 3 Will Bring Adult DC Fans to Netflix


Banks React To Court Order, Deny Violation Of TSA Policy


6 jeunes de l'équipe de robotique disparus à Washington — Burundi


La pêche à pied interdite d'Assérac à La Turballe


UBA, Fidelity, Sterling Banks deny holding TSA funds, Skye bank admits


Kashmir: Indian troops kill young tailor amid protests


Kuldeep stand-out bowler, Rahul makes solid return







AUTRES NOUVELLES


Science
Culture
Financer








A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recentl...









On Friday, additional solicitor general PS Narasimha told the court: "...









However, the Switch version will be releasing at an unspecified later ...








He even tore his ACL in his left knee in 2012 NBA Playoffs that needed...









Spicer had been communications director as well as press secretary fol...











Ben Affleck's  Batman  will next be seen in  Justice League  where he ...









The departure is not all that surprising, considering that by most acc...









Le petit  George  a déjà bien grandi.    Kensington palace  a dévoilé,...









The film is set in 2045, with the world on the brink of chaos and coll...









Prasad couple had been granted this special privilege by the previous ...











Wetherby Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in  Coca-Cola Europ...









The  Chinese government  has not specified the reason to forbid the  s...









This may also include tracking analyst opinions and following what the...








The institutional investor owned 34,840 shares of the company's stock ...








HSBC Holdings plc decreased their price objective on Drax Group Plc fr...
























© 2017 campdesrecrues.com, CampDesrEcrues




Sport
Science
Culture
Financer


Nationale
Santé
Monde





Edition

Nos Contacts








 


Ameritas Investment Partners
 | LinkedIn
 
























































































































LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.












































﻿

























Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Invests $110,000 in Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Wayfair Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wayfair Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group
Amazon.com’s (AMZN) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at KeyCorp
FENNER (FNERF) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Jagged Peak Energy Inc. (JAG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Ferro Corporation (FOE) Receives $19.75 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
Copa Holdings, (CPA) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.33
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:EL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
Xactly Corp (NASDAQ:XTLY) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.37
Xenon Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:XENE) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.13
Westell Technologies (NASDAQ:WSTL) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
World Point Terminals (NYSE:WPT) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact Encore Wire Corporation (NASDAQ:WIRE) Share Price
Capstone Asset Management Co. Boosts Stake in EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR)
Grassi Investment Management Invests $263,000 in Air Lease Corporation (AL)
GYM Group PLC (GYM) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt
Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (KIN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
BP plc (BP) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC
J P Morgan Chase & Co Lowers Great Portland Estates Plc (GPOR) Price Target to GBX 710
Cyanconnode Holdings PLC (CYAN) Downgraded to “Hold” at Beaufort Securities
Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:PBH) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts


 


Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Invests $110,000 in Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. bought a new position in Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 2,724 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $110,000. 
A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Force Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Wayfair during the fourth quarter worth about $2,096,000. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in Wayfair by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 126,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,436,000 after buying an additional 6,865 shares during the period. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky raised its position in Wayfair by 129.6% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky now owns 36,079 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,333,000 after buying an additional 20,364 shares during the period. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. raised its position in Wayfair by 29.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 6,434 shares of the company’s stock valued at $226,000 after buying an additional 1,459 shares during the period. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in Wayfair by 48.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 15,491 shares of the company’s stock valued at $543,000 after buying an additional 5,073 shares during the period. 


 Get Wayfair Inc. alerts:



Wayfair Inc. (NYSE W) traded down 2.20% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $75.05. The stock had a trading volume of 799,820 shares. The company’s market cap is $6.50 billion. Wayfair Inc. has a 12-month low of $27.60 and a 12-month high of $79.33. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $68.82 and a 200-day moving average price of $48.02. 




Wayfair (NYSE:W) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported ($0.48) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.32. Wayfair had a negative return on equity of 215.36% and a negative net margin of 5.84%. The business had revenue of $960.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $934.84 million. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.36) EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 28.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Wayfair Inc. will post ($1.56) EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/18/ameritas-investment-partners-inc-invests-110000-in-wayfair-inc-w-updated.html. 
A number of research firms recently issued reports on W. Buckingham Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $95.00 target price (up previously from $72.00) on shares of Wayfair in a research note on Thursday. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Robert W. Baird reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Wayfair in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $87.00 price target on shares of Wayfair and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, July 1st. Gordon Haskett cut shares of Wayfair from a “buy” rating to an “accumulate” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $70.00 to $85.00 in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Maxim Group lowered shares of Wayfair from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $27.60 to $76.17 in a report on Monday, June 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Eleven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Wayfair has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $61.03.
In other news, CFO Michael D. Fleisher sold 520 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.55, for a total value of $36,686.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 26,940 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,900,617. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Edmond Macri sold 600 shares of Wayfair stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.69, for a total value of $26,214.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,845. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 544,266 shares of company stock worth $35,799,398 in the last ninety days. 63.94% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Wayfair
Wayfair Inc (Wayfair) offers browsing, merchandising and product discovery for a range of products from various suppliers. The Company operates through two segments: U.S. and International. The U.S. segment consists of amounts earned through product sales through the Company’s five sites in the United States and through sites operated by third parties in the United States. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Wayfair Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wayfair Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc.                                                                                       - Lincoln                                           , NE         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NE



Lincoln



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc.
                                    



 





















A 


Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc.                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5900 O ST LINCOLN, NE 68510
Get Directions



(402) 467-1122
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $146,929.00
 Employee Count 150
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc.                                                                                       was founded in 2010, and is located at 5900 O St in Lincoln. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting                                                                                                                          at (402) 467-1122. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿






























Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,473 Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Albany International Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Albany International Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Shares Bought by Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank
Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $129.78 Million Position in CVS Health Corporation (CVS)
Usca Ria LLC Has $3.34 Million Stake in CVS Health Corporation (CVS)
Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,473 Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN)
Arconic Inc (ARNC) Upgraded to Buy at Vetr Inc.
Aqua Metals, Inc. (AQMS) Rating Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine
ValuEngine Lowers Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) to Buy
Victory Capital Management Inc. Has $606,000 Stake in Park National Co. (PRK)
Victory Capital Management Inc. Has $556,000 Stake in Dean Foods Company (DF)
Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub
Victory Capital Management Inc. Has $612,000 Stake in Connecticut Water Service, Inc. (CTWS)
Park National Co. (PRK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy”
Victory Capital Management Inc. Acquires 12,556 Shares of Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR)
Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) Upgraded by Morgan Stanley to Equal Weight
WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Upgraded to “Sell” at BidaskClub
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (NYSE:MMC) Lifted to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Upgrades Progressive Corporation (The) (NYSE:PGR) to “Strong-Buy”
Xylem (NYSE:XYL) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
Medicure Inc. (OTCMKTS:MCUJF) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy”







Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,473 Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments




Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  bought 2,473 shares of the textile maker’s stock, valued at approximately $114,000. 
Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of  Albany International Corporation by 4.7% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,411,206 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $65,339,000 after buying an additional 63,411 shares during the period.  State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of  Albany International Corporation by 7.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 627,010 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $29,034,000 after buying an additional 44,915 shares during the period.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of  Albany International Corporation by 4.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 496,352 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $22,857,000 after buying an additional 23,279 shares during the period.  Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Albany International Corporation by 0.4% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 318,559 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $14,669,000 after buying an additional 1,363 shares during the period.  Finally, Granite Investment Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Albany International Corporation by 8.9% in the first quarter. Granite Investment Partners LLC now owns 286,456 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $13,192,000 after buying an additional 23,394 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  86.92% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Albany International Corporation alerts:



Albany International Corporation (AIN) opened at 53.90 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $1.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.57 and a beta of 1.73. Albany International Corporation has a 52-week low of $37.00 and a 52-week high of $55.15. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $49.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $47.40. 





The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 10th. Investors of record on Wednesday, June 7th were given a dividend of $0.17 per share. This represents a $0.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.26%. The ex-dividend date  was Monday, June 5th. Albany International Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 43.59%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/17/ameritas-investment-partners-inc-takes-position-in-albany-international-corporation-ain-updated-updated.html. 
Separately, BidaskClub upgraded shares of Albany International Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, July 1st.
About Albany International Corporation
Albany International Corp. is focused on textiles and materials processing business. The Company operates through two segments: Machine Clothing and Albany Engineered Composites. The Company’s Machine Clothing segment supplies permeable and impermeable belts used in the manufacture of paper, paperboard, nonwovens, fiber cement and various other industrial applications.







Receive News & Ratings for Albany International Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Albany International Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿






























Barnes Group, Inc. (B) Position Held by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Barnes Group Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Barnes Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Dermira, Inc. (DERM) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”
Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (PF) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”
KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (KS) Upgraded by Vertical Research to “Buy”
Brett P. Monia Sells 309 Shares of Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IONS) Stock
OptimumBank Holdings (OPHC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31
Mesoblast Limited (MESO) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31
Medical Transcription Billing, Corp. (MTBC) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Shows
Cathay General Bancorp (CATY) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund (NUV) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.35
TEGNA Inc. (TGNA) Position Lowered by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY
CBS Corporation (NYSE:CBS) Shares Sold by Clearbridge Investments LLC
FNY Partners Fund LP Purchases Shares of 15,463 S&P Global Inc. (SPGI)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Acquires 1,610 Shares of Steris Plc (NYSE:STE)
Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Acquires 170,461 Shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)
South Dakota Investment Council Has $4.61 Million Position in Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB)
72,062 Shares in Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (PEG) Acquired by Achmea Investment Management B.V.
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Buys Shares of 9,222 Coach, Inc. (NYSE:COH)
Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Sold by Nuveen Asset Management LLC
Perigon Wealth Management LLC Takes Position in Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG)
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:RNR) Stake Increased by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans



 


Barnes Group, Inc. (B) Position Held by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.

					Posted by George Bondi on Jul 14th, 2017 // No Comments 



Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. continued to hold its stake in  Barnes Group, Inc. (NYSE:B) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 4,341 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.’s holdings in Barnes Group were worth $223,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. 1st Global Advisors Inc. raised its stake in  Barnes Group by 91.4% in the first quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 23,141 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,188,000 after buying an additional 11,050 shares in the last quarter.  Martingale Asset Management L P raised its stake in shares of  Barnes Group by 30.4% in the first quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 42,843 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,200,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares in the last quarter.  Oxford Asset Management bought a new stake in shares of  Barnes Group during the first quarter valued at $1,874,000.  Essex Financial Services Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  Barnes Group during the first quarter valued at $281,000.  Finally, Stevens Capital Management LP bought a new stake in shares of  Barnes Group during the first quarter valued at $718,000. 85.71% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Barnes Group Inc. alerts:



Shares of Barnes Group, Inc. (NYSE:B) traded up 0.03% on Friday, reaching $59.69. The company had a trading volume of 252,846 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $57.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $51.68. The firm has a market cap of $3.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.52 and a beta of 1.43. Barnes Group, Inc. has a one year low of $33.45 and a one year high of $60.74. 




Barnes Group (NYSE:B) last released its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $0.71 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.60 by $0.11. The company had revenue of $341.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $314.81 million. Barnes Group had a return on equity of 12.49% and a net margin of 11.30%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 18.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.54 earnings per share.  On average, analysts expect that  Barnes Group, Inc. will post $2.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Barnes Group, Inc. (B) Position Held by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.” was first  published by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/14/barnes-group-inc-b-position-held-by-ameritas-investment-partners-inc.html. 
Several equities research analysts have weighed in on B shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Barnes Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $66.00 target price on shares of Barnes Group in a research report on Thursday, June 8th. Sidoti lowered Barnes Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, ValuEngine raised Barnes Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Barnes Group presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $56.00.
In related news, SVP Christopher J. Stephens sold 13,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.88, for a total value of $746,368.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director Thomas O. Barnes sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.06, for a total value of $56,060.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 28,250 shares of company stock valued at $1,552,653. 8.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Barnes Group Company Profile
Barnes Group Inc is an industrial and aerospace manufacturer and service provider, serving a range of end markets and customers. The Company’s engineered products, industrial technologies, and solutions are used in applications that provide transportation, manufacturing, healthcare products and technology to the world.







Receive News & Ratings for Barnes Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barnes Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Pinnacle Foods, Inc.  Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”





Dermira, Inc.  Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”





Brett P. Monia Sells 309 Shares of Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Stock





KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation  Upgraded by Vertical Research to “Buy”





Mesoblast Limited  Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31





OptimumBank Holdings  Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 





































﻿































Baystate Wealth Management LLC Has $308,000 Stake in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Rockwell Automation Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Rockwell Automation Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Baystate Wealth Management LLC Has $308,000 Stake in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)
Sound Financial Bancorp, Inc. (SFBC) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday
LSC Communications Inc to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (NASDAQ:LKSD)
Baystate Wealth Management LLC Has $109,000 Position in Vmware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW)
Carnival Corporation (CCL) is Trinity Street Asset Management LLP’s 6th Largest Position
Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Buys 275 Shares of ProLogis, Inc. (NYSE:PLD)
Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Has $390,000 Position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE)
USA Compression Partners, LP (NYSE:USAC) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.53
SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF (NYSE:DIA) Declares $0.24 Monthly Dividend
Vertex Energy, Inc (NASDAQ:VTNR) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
TheStreet, Inc. (NASDAQ:TST) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Northland Securities Analysts Give Veritone, Inc. (NASDAQ:VERI) a $19.00 Price Target
TerraForm Power, Inc. (TERP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Kier Group plc (KIE) Insider Nigel Turner Buys 12 Shares
Michael D. Hughes Sells 625 Shares of Barracuda Networks, Inc. (NYSE:CUDA) Stock
Insider Selling: Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OESX) Insider Sells $12,174.80 in Stock
Insider Selling: Sunworks, Inc. (SUNW) COO Sells $27,750.00 in Stock
Continental Gold Inc (CNL) Director Acquires C$20,400.00 in Stock
Head-To-Head Contrast: Rambus (RMBS) vs. Adesto Technologies Corporation (IOTS)
Financial Survey: REX American Resources Corporation (REX) versus Green Plains (GPRE)




 


Baystate Wealth Management LLC Has $308,000 Stake in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)

					Posted by Sarita Garza on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 




Baystate Wealth Management LLC held its position in  Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,850 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Baystate Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Rockwell Automation were worth $308,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Quadrature Capital Ltd bought a new position in  Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,084,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in  Rockwell Automation by 59.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 291,486 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $39,176,000 after buying an additional 108,330 shares during the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new position in  Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,251,000.  Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in  Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at about $558,000.  Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its position in  Rockwell Automation by 97.5% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 7,900 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,062,000 after buying an additional 3,900 shares during the last quarter. 73.52% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Rockwell Automation Inc. alerts:



Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) traded down 1.05% during trading on Friday, reaching $165.08. 633,564 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $21.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.55 and a beta of 1.17. Rockwell Automation, Inc. has a 52-week low of $111.52 and a 52-week high of $167.97. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $162.60 and its 200 day moving average price is $154.71. 




Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.55 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.40 by $0.15. Rockwell Automation had a net margin of 12.88% and a return on equity of 39.71%. The firm had revenue of $1.55 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.37 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.9% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  Rockwell Automation, Inc. will post $6.66 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, September 11th. Shareholders of record on Monday, August 14th will be issued a $0.76 dividend. This represents a $3.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, August 10th. Rockwell Automation’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 50.75%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/22/baystate-wealth-management-llc-has-308000-stake-in-rockwell-automation-inc-nyserok.html. 
ROK has been the topic of several research reports. Credit Suisse Group AG  restated a “hold” rating and set a $145.00 price objective on shares of Rockwell Automation in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “hold” rating and set a $167.00 price objective on shares of Rockwell Automation in a report on Wednesday. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Rockwell Automation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, June 29th. Cowen and Company boosted their price objective on shares of Rockwell Automation from $125.00 to $140.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Morgan Stanley boosted their price objective on shares of Rockwell Automation from $153.00 to $167.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned  a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $148.53.
In other Rockwell Automation news, SVP Sujeet Chand sold 9,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $159.72, for a total value of $1,517,340.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 46,873 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,486,555.56. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Keith D. Nosbusch sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $156.00, for a total transaction of $1,560,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 411,286 shares in the company, valued at $64,160,616. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 129,605 shares of company stock worth $20,469,855. Insiders own  1.65% of the company’s stock. 
About Rockwell Automation
Rockwell Automation, Inc (Rockwell Automation) is a provider of industrial automation power, control and information solutions for manufacturers. The Company operates through two segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. The Architecture & Software segment contains various hardware, software and communication components of the Company’s integrated control and information architecture capable of controlling the customer’s industrial processes and connecting with their manufacturing enterprise.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK).







Receive News & Ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


























































