

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP - GREENWICH, CT - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



GREENWICH



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
                                    



 





















A 


AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



599 W PUTNAM AVE GREENWICH, CT 06830
Get Directions



(203) 869-0900





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $55,505.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


American Tax Credit Properties Iii Lp specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















American Tax Credit Properties III LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 2:09 PM ET
Real Estate Management and Development

Company Overview of American Tax Credit Properties III LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
American Tax Credit Properties III L.P. invests primarily in leveraged low-income multifamily residential complexes that qualified for the low-income housing tax credit through the acquisition of limited partner equity interests in partnerships that own properties in the United States. As of June 20, 2016, the company owned three local partnership interests. Richman Tax Credit Properties III L.P. serves as the general partner of the company. American Tax Credit Properties III L.P. was founded in 1989 and is based in Greenwich, Connecticut.


340 Pemberwick RoadGreenwich, CT 06831United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 203-869-0900








Key Executives for American Tax Credit Properties III LP




Mr. Brian Myers


      	CEO & President of Richman Housing Credits Inc.
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. James Hussey


      	CFO, VP, Treasurer of Richman Housing Credits Inc.
      


Age: 56
        







Ms. Gina K. Dodge


      	VP & Secretary of Richman Housing Credits Inc.
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Charles L. Krafnick


      	Assistant Treasurer of Richman Housing Credits Inc.
      


Age: 55
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

American Tax Credit Properties III LP Key Developments

American Tax Credit Properties III LP To Be Deleted From Other OTC
Apr 7 16
American Tax Credit Properties III LP will be deleted from Other OTC, effective April 8, 2016. The deletion was due to inactive security.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 '47 Brand LLC United States +Process Team LLC United States 02 Lafayette LLC United States 1 Park Place LLC United States 10-12 MLane, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact American Tax Credit Properties III LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  XXBNA Stock Quote - American Tax Credit Properties III LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  American Tax Credit Properties III LP   XXBNA:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (k)   35.880    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   American Tax Credit Properties III L.P. was formed on September 21, 1989 to invest primarily in leveraged low-income multifamily residential complexes which qualify for the low-income tax credit. The offering period for the units ($1000/unit) was terminated on December 31, 1991. The General Partner is Wilder Richman Historic Corporation.    Address  599 West Putnam Avenue3rd FloorGreenwich, CT  06830   Phone  (203) 869-0900   Website   -              


American Tax Credit Properties Iii Lp (ATCIIIX) Business Description - CSIMarket






 














Company Name or Ticker Symbol








Search for other Categories













HOME
STOCKS


Stock Profile
Company Fundamentals
Company Financials
Company Expectations
Company Descriptions
Charts & Quotes
News
Company Suppliers
Company Competitors
Company Markets  Customers
Economic Indicators


INDUSTRIES


Performance by Industry
Growth Rates by Industry
Profitability by Industry
Valuation by Industry
Financial Strength by Industry


ECONOMY


Advance Monthly Sales
Consumer Price Index CPI
Producer Price Index PPI
Retail Inventories
Personal Income
Gross Domestic Product GDP
Money Supply
Industrial Production
Productivity
Employment Situation
U.S. International Trade
Factory orders
Durable Goods
Construction Spending
Housing Starts
Vehicle Unit Sales


MARKETS


Stocks
Indices
Sectors & Industries
Financials
Commodities
Foreign Exchange


SCREENING


Stock Performance Screening
Profitability Screening
Valuation Screening
Dividend Screening
Financial Strength Screening
Efficiency Screening
Expectations Screening
Mgmnt. Effectivness Screening


NEWS


Stock News
Economy News
Industry News
Other News


GLOSSARY


Financial Terms
Technical Analysis
Fundamental Analysis
Energy Terms
Manufacturing Terms
Transportation Terms
Health Care
Insurance Terms
Economy Terms
Hotel & Leisure Terms


HELP


Company Profile
Fundamentals


Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend


Financials


Business Segments
Income Statement
Balance Sheets
Cash Flow Statement
Geographic Information
Operating Statistics


Expectations

Earnings Outlook
Revenue Outlook
Earnings Guidance
Revenue Guidance


Descriptions

Business Description
Officers & Directors


Charts & Quotes


Comparison Charts
Candle Charts
OHLC Charts
Logarithmic Charts
Line Charts
Tehnical Upper Indicators
Tehnical Lower Indicators
Weekly Charts
Monthly Charts




News
Suppliers


Company's Suppliers Performance
Suppliers Stock Performance
Suppliers Growth Rates
Suppliers Data
Suppliers Efficiency
Suppliers Management Effectiveness
Suppliers Valuation
Suppliers by Company's Segments
Suppliers by Segment Contribution
Suppliers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Suppliers Segments Income Growth Rates


Competition


Competition by Company's Segments
Segment Market Share
Competition Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Competition Segments Income Growth Rates
Company's Competition Performance
Company's Competitors Results
Competitors Stock Performance
Competitors Growth Rates
Company's Competition Data
Competitors Efficiency
Competitors Management Effectiveness
Competitors Valuation


Customers & Markets


Company's Customers Demand
Customers Expenditure Growth Rates
Customers Performance
Customers Stock Performance
Customers Growth Rates
Customers Data
Customers Efficiency
Customers Management Effectiveness
Customers Valuation
Customers by Company's Segments
Customers by Segment Contribution
Customers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Customers Segments Income Growth Rates


Economic Indicators




 





Business Description
Officers & Directors
 



 


American Tax Credit Properties Iii Lp  (ATCIIIX)                



Other Ticker:  



 

  


 







  
 Sector • 
      Financial    Industry

• Investment Services


Tweet
 










 
 American Tax Credit Properties Iii Lp	
Business Description








American Tax Credit Properties III L.P. (the "Registrant"), a Delaware 
  limited partnership, was formed on September 21, 1989 to invest primarily in 
  leveraged low-income multifamily residential complexes (the "Property" 
  or "Properties") that qualified for the low-income housing tax credit 
  (the "Low-income Housing Tax Credit") in accordance with Section 42 
  of the Internal Revenue Code (the "IRC"), through the acquisition 
  of limited partner equity interests (the "Local Partnership Interest" 
  or "Local Partnership Interests") in partnerships (the "Local 
  Partnership" or "Local Partnerships") that are the owners of 
  the Properties. The Local Partnerships hold their respective Properties in fee. 
  Registrant initially invested in forty-three such Local Partnerships. Registrant 
  considers its activity to constitute a single industry segment.
Richman Tax Credit Properties III L.P. (the "General Partner"), a 
  Delaware limited partnership, was formed on September 21, 1989 to act as the 
  General Partner of Registrant. The general partner of the General Partner is 
  Richman Housing Credits Inc. ("Richman Housing"), a Delaware corporation 
  that is wholly owned by Richard Paul Richman. Richman Housing is an affiliate 
  of The Richman Group, Inc. ("Richman Group"), a Delaware corporation 
  founded by Richard Paul Richman in 1988.
The Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 was filed with 
  the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 1, 
  1990 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 under Registration Statement File 
  No. 33-31390 and was declared effective on February 2, 1990. Reference is made 
  to the prospectus dated February 7, 1990, as supplemented by Supplement No. 
  1, Supplement No. 2, Supplement No. 3, Supplement No. 4, Supplement No. 5 and 
  Supplement No. 6 dated June 6, 1990, November 21, 1990, December 20, 1990, October 
  30, 1991, December 26, 1991 and January 15, 1992, respectively, filed with the 
  SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Prospectus"). 


Registrant's primary objective, to provide Low-income Housing Tax Credits to the 
Limited Partners, has been completed. The relevant state tax credit agency allocated 
each of the Local Partnerships an amount of Low-income Housing Tax Credits, which 
are generally available for a ten year period from the year the Property is placed 
in service (the "Ten Year Credit Period"). The Ten Year Credit Period 
was fully exhausted with respect to all of the Properties as of December 31, 2003. 
The required holding period of each Property, in order to avoid Low-income Housing 
Tax Credit recapture, is fifteen years from the year in which the Low-income Housing 
Tax Credits commence on the last building of the Property (the "Compliance 
Period"). The Compliance Period of all of the Local Partnerships had expired 
as of December 31, 2007. In addition, certain of the Local Partnerships entered 
into agreements with the relevant state tax credit agencies whereby the Local 
Partnerships must maintain the low-income nature of the Properties for a period 
which exceeds the Compliance Period (in certain circumstances, up to 50 years 
from when the Property is placed in service, but commonly 30 years from the date 
any such Property is placed in service), regardless of a sale of the Properties 
by the Local Partnerships after the Compliance Period (the "Extended Use 
Provisions"). Note that the existence of Extended Use Provisions does not 
extend the Compliance Period of the respective Local Partnerships. However, such 
provisions may limit the number and availability of potential purchasers of the 
Properties. Accordingly, a sale of a Property may happen well after the expiration 
of the Compliance Period and/or may be significantly discounted. 

 
 






View Company Supplier
View Company Competition
View Company Customers










 





CSIMarket Company, Sector, Industry, Market Analysis, Stock Quotes, Earnings, Economy, News and Research.  Free Stock Market News Feeds     Copyright � 2017 CSIMarket, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy - UPDATED (Read about our Privacy Policy)
Intraday Data provided by Barchart and subject to terms of use. To view Intraday Stock Data Java must be installed. Java content may be prohibited by the security software, to see the stock quotes, choose "allow content from this page" option.
Stock Price, historical and current end-of-day data provided by eoddata. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Barchart and Eoddata. All quotes are in local exchange time. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and other exchanges. Fundamental and financial data for Stocks, Sector, Industry, and Economic Indicators provided by CSIMarket.com






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














American Tax Credit Properties Iii - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC










Private Companies in Real Estate on PrivCo

































































RPC














Private Companies in Real Estate & Property Management on PrivCo

































































RPC














	EDGAR Online Pro 































                                     
                                




Welcome


                                                |
                                            

Help


                                                |
                                            

About EDGAR Online
                                                   


                                                |
                                            

 Login 















Dashboard 

Today 
Company

Industry

Search
Screener

Analytics
















































Enter your Email to Learn More:  
                                 












Form






                         (Filer)
                    

                         Received

                        (
                        Period
                        
                        ) 
                    


10-K

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 06/20/17 (03/30/17) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 02/02/17 (12/30/16) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 10/20/16 (09/29/16) 


10-Q/A

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 08/01/16 (06/29/16) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 08/01/16 (06/29/16) 


10-K

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 06/20/16 (03/30/16) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 02/01/16 (12/30/15) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 10/30/15 (09/29/15) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 08/11/15 (06/29/15) 


10-K

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 06/26/15 (03/30/15) 


8-K

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 06/22/15 (06/19/15) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 02/09/15 (12/30/14) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 11/03/14 (09/29/14) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 08/11/14 (06/29/14) 


10-K

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 06/27/14 (03/30/14) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 02/05/14 (12/30/13) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 11/01/13 (09/29/13) 


10-Q

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 08/12/13 (06/29/13) 


8-K

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 07/24/13 (07/18/13) 


10-K

AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES III LP
 06/27/13 (03/30/13) 




                             
                        












             Results 1 - 20 of 104




 


  
            
                    [1]
2
3
4
5
6
                
             
             


[ Show Next 20 Results ] 





























                 
            











            © 1995-2017

EDGAR® Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions
            All rights reserved  Solutions
                for Corporations 
            Terms of Use
             
                Privacy Statement




























IN RE: AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS. | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
Delaware
DE Ct. Chan.
IN RE: AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS.

IN RE: AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS.




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







Court of Chancery of Delaware,New Castle County.
IN RE: AMERICAN TAX CREDIT PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS.
Civil Action No. 15826.
    Decided: December 05, 1997

		Craig B. Smith and Robert J. Katzenstein, of Smith, Katzenstein & Furlow, L.L.P., Wilmington, for plaintiff. Alan J. Stone and David J. Teklits, of Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell, Wilmington, for defendants.
OPINIONI. IntroductionTrial in this consolidated action was held on September 29, 1997.   At issue is whether the defendant partnerships, American Tax Credit Properties II L.P. (“ATC II”) and American Tax Credit Properties III L.P. (“ATC III”), are required to provide plaintiff Everest Properties, Inc. (“Everest”) with a copy of the current list of names, addresses and ownership interests of limited partners pursuant to section 17-305 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (“DRULPA”) and section 9.1 of the respective partnership agreements.   The outcome in both cases turns on whether plaintiff became a “substitute limited partner” of the respective partnerships or is merely the assignee of economic rights of its transferor.   Thus, the issue is similar to that decided by this Court in Monterey Investments, Inc. v. Healthcare Properties, L.P., Del. Ch., C.A. No. 15519, Steele, V.C., 1997 WL 367038 (June 26, 1997) and other recent cases.   For the reasons discussed infra I find that plaintiff is a substitute limited partner of both partnerships and as such is entitled to the lists at issue.II. BackgroundA. The Defendant PartnershipsDefendants American Tax Credit Properties II L.P. and American Tax Credit Properties III, L.P. (collectively “defendant partnerships”) are Delaware limited partnerships organized in 1988 and 1989, respectively, for the purpose of investing in other limited partnerships which are eligible to receive low income housing tax credits.   Defendant Richman Tax Credit Properties II, L.P.  (“Richman II”) is the sole general partner of ATC II. Richman Tax Credits Inc.  (“Richman Credits”) in turn is the sole general partner of Richman II. Defendant Richman Tax Credit Properties III, L.P. (“Richman III”) is the sole general partner of ATC III. Richman Housing Credits Inc. (“Richman Housing”) in turn is the sole general partner of Richman III.B. Admission of Transferees of Limited Partnership UnitsBoth the ATC II and ATC III partnership agreements (collectively “Partnership Agreements”), contemplate the admission of transferees of limited partnership units as either assignees or substitute limited partners.   This distinction is significant.   An assignee of limited partnership units who does not become a substitute limited partner obtains economic rights in the defendant partnerships but does not obtain the other rights enjoyed by limited partners, such as the right of access to partnership books and records or voting rights.  (See Partnership Agreements, § 7.2(c))1. Admission as an assigneeThe ability of limited partners to assign partnership units is subject to restrictions primarily designed to prevent the partnership units from being publicly traded, thus protecting the limited partnerships' tax status and avoiding potential adverse tax consequences.  (See Partnership Agreements, § 7.1) Additionally, a limited partner may not assign a partnership unit without the consent of the general partner, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld.  (See Partnership Agreements, § 7.1(d)(2)) Subject to these restrictions limited partners are free to assign their partnership units.   There is no dispute, in this matter, that Everest and its transferor satisfied the requirements of the Partnership Agreements for admission as an assignee, or that the general partner, acting through their agent, consented to such admission.2. Admission as a substitute limited partnerThe Partnership Agreements also expressly contemplate the admission of assignees of limited partnership units as substitute limited partners.   Section 7.2(d) of the Partnership Agreements provides for the admission of an assignee of units as a substitute limited partner provided that certain conditions are satisfied, including the following:  (1) the instrument of assignment sets forth the intention of the assignor that the assignee succeed to the assignor's interest as a limited partner in his place;  (2) the assignee shall have fulfilled the requirements for admission as an assignee;  (3) the assignee shall have agreed to sign and be bound by the Partnership Agreements and related documents or amendments thereto; 1  and (4) “the General Partner shall have consented to such substitution, which consent may be withheld for any reason.”  (See Partnership Agreements, §§ 7.2(d) and 12.2)C. ML FundML Fund Administrators Inc. (“ML Fund”) is an entity affiliated with Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., which underwrote the offerings of the partnership units.   According to the Partnership Agreements, ML Fund provides a variety of “administrative services” to the partnerships and the limited partners.2  In addition, although not among the powers expressly delegated to ML Fund in the Partnership Agreements, the defendants concede that ML Fund also functions as transfer agent for the partnerships.   In this connection, ML Fund prepares and processes the forms that are used by persons making application for the transfer of units.ML Fund acts on behalf of the partnerships in every aspect of the relations between the partnerships and the limited partners or other investors.   All correspondence regarding the partnerships is distributed by ML Fund. While the letterhead indicates that correspondence originated from ATC II and ATC III, the originating address listed is that of Investor Services, which is in fact ML Fund. Additionally, the partnerships' annual reports state that all questions regarding an interest holder's interest, or the partnerships' activities or operations should be directed to Investor Services (i.e., ML Fund).The evidence shows that ML Fund maintains the only current list of limited partners.   This list is maintained, among other reasons, for the purpose of communicating with the limited partners regarding the partnerships including the sending out of quarterly and annual reports.   Section 3.3 of the Partnership Agreements provides for the creation of a list of the names and addresses of the limited partners which information is required to be set forth in Schedule A to those agreements.  (Partnership Agreements, § 3.3(d)) Section 7.2 further mandates that Schedule A be amended at least once each calendar quarter.  (Partnership Agreements, § 7.2(e))In this litigation, the defendants take the position that the list maintained by ML Fund is not Schedule A and is not a list of limited partners at all.   At the same time, the general partners of the defendant partnerships do not seem to know who, other than ML Fund, is responsible for maintaining Schedule A or where, other than in the records maintained by ML Fund, it may be found.3 D. Everest's Purchase of Limited Partnership UnitsIn November of 1996, Everest, with the assistance of the Chicago Partnership Board,4 entered into purchase agreements to acquire five limited partnership units in each of ATC II and ATC III.5 In connection with the transfer of ownership of the limited partnership units, the Chicago Partnership Board filled out and forwarded to ML Fund various forms, including the purchase agreements and other documents, for the purpose of facilitating the transfer of the partnership units of ATC II and ATC III from the seller to Everest.   These were in the form used by ML Fund and followed exactly those prescribed by the National Association of Securities Dealers (“NASD”).The NASD prescribed forms resulted from a public rulemaking proceeding conducted by that self-regulatory organization for the purpose of amending its Uniform Practice Code to require member organizations to use standardized transfer forms when transferring interests in limited partnerships.   The forms are intended to provide a uniform “one size fits all” way to make uniform the format for gathering transfer information by members and registered representatives, reduce the information necessary to perform a valid transfer, and eliminate delays and inefficiencies in the transfer and settlement process.  (See NASD Notice to Members 96-14, March, 1996) On January 29, 1996, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) approved the proposed amendments which became effective May 15, 1996.   The standardized transfer forms include the following:(1) Transferor's (seller's) Application for Transfer;(2) Transferee's (buyer's) Application for Transfer;(3) Registration Confirmation Form;  and (4) Distribution Allocation Agreement.1. Request for admission as substitute limited partnerThe documents forwarded to ML Fund by the Chicago Partnership Board were identical to those required to be used by NASD members and included:  (1) the Transferor's (seller's) Application for Transfer;  and (2) the Transferee's (buyer's) Application for Transfer.   Both applications contained similar language indicating the transferor's intent to transfer and assign, and the transferee's desire to accept “all rights and interests [of the partnership]” as well as the transferor's and transferee's intent for the transferee to “succeed [the transferor] to such interest as a Substitute Limited Partner, successor in interest or assignee.” 6 The defendants urge that, because the form uses the disjunctive in referencing the interest to which the transferor is to succeed, Everest did not effectively request the general partners' consent to its admission as a substitute limited partner.   That is, defendants argue that because the NASD form includes references to “successor in interest” and “assignee,” in addition to “Substitute Limited Partner,” as possible interests to which the transferee could succeed, Everest did not adequately request admission as a substituted limited partner.Even if the NASD-mandated transfer application form was ambiguous (but see discussion, infra, pp. 92-93), there is other documentary evidence which substantiates Everest's contention that it requested admission as a substituted limited partner.   In the course of discovery, ML Fund produced from its files a Registration Confirmation Form, dated January 15, 1997, which identifies Everest as registered owner of the “Partnership interests” and references ATC III's partnership tax identification number.  (See Pl.'s Tr.Exh. 33) The document produced is in the form required by the NASD Uniform Practice Code. The confirmation form states “[y]our transfer request has been processed.   The effective/admission date as a limited partner in the partnership is indicated below.” 7  Everest did not produce a copy of this form from its files, nor did the Chicago Partnership Board.At her deposition, the ML Fund representative asserted that the confirmation form, although found in ML Fund's files and produced by it, were not documents which ML Fund prepared, nor were they the type of documents which ML Fund would supply to persons seeking to transfer partnership units.8  The Registration Confirmation Form is one prescribed by the NASD and mandated for use by its members.   From this, I conclude that this form was sent to ML Fund by Chicago Partnership Board as part of its package of NASD-mandated forms seeking transfer of partnership units to Everest.9  It clearly evidences Everest's request for admission as a substituted limited partner.2. Consent to admission as substitute limited partnerFollowing receipt of the application for transfer of the limited partnership units, ML Fund reviewed and processed the documentation and on January 21, 1997, approved the transfers and registered five units of ATC II and ATC III in the name of Everest.   ML Fund's records further indicate that Everest became the registered owner of the limited partnership units as of April 1, 1997.   The discovery record shows that ML Fund added Everest to the database, maintained by it, of limited partners of both defendant partnerships.   Specifically, ML Fund produced a computer screen printout which shows Everest's interest in ATC II and ATC III, the date the transfer was approved, and, most significantly, Everest's status as a partner of the defendant partnerships.   Additionally, all correspondence sent to Everest after the effective date of the transfer of partnership units addresses Everest not as an assignee, but as a limited partner.   At some point after the transfer of the partnership units to Everest, a request was made to ML Fund for Everest's status vis a vis the defendant partnerships.   In response to the request, ML Fund sent a letter, dated May 6, 1997, to Everest stating “[t]he sale of ownership that was requested in the above-named limited partnership is effective as of 04/01/97.”  (See Pl.Tr.Exh. 21).On July 16, 1997, in accordance with section 17-305 of DRULPA and section 9.1 of the defendant Partnership Agreements, Everest made a written request for a copy of a current list of names, addresses and interest owned by each holder of limited partnership units of the partnerships.10  The defendant partnerships responded by sending a letter dated July 25, 1997 requesting additional information in order to assess the appropriateness of the demand letter.11  On July 28, 1997, Everest filed this action for a determination of its entitlement to the lists of limited partners.III. DiscussionPlaintiff contends that it has satisfied all of the requirements of the Partnership Agreements necessary for becoming a substitute limited partner and that the general partners, through the actions of ML Fund, have consented to its admission as a substitute limited partner.   Everest argues that ML Fund was expressly or impliedly authorized to give such consent or, at a minimum, acted with apparent authority in doing so.   Defendants, on the other hand, contend the general partners did not consent to Everest's admission as a substitute limited partner, and further that plaintiff failed even to make a request for such admission.Plaintiff's entitlement to the relief it seeks turns on whether it requested admission as a limited partner and, if so, on whether the general partners of ATC II and ATC III consented to Everest's admission as a substitute limited partner.A. Everest Requests Admission as Substitute Limited Partner The evidence adduced in discovery indicates that Everest did in fact request admission as a substitute limited partner of the defendant partnerships.   Both the transferor's and the transferee's application for transfer of partnership units stated that they were requesting the transfer of “all rights and interests as set forth in the partnership below” and also that the transferor and transferee “succeed to such interests as a substitute limited partner, successor in interest or assignee.”   While the defendants argue that the language is ambiguous as to which interest the transferee wished to succeed, I am persuaded to read these forms as requesting admission as a substitute limited partner first, and then only, if that request was refused, for admission as successor in interest or assignee.   This reading is supported (at least in the case of ATC III) by the Registration Confirmation form produced from ML Fund's files.I also conclude that it is appropriate to give a broad reading to the NASD forms so as to give them the fullest effect permissible in the circumstances, and thus, to accomplish the purpose underlying their adoption by the NASD and approval by the SEC. Of course, the NASD rulemaking did not, and could not, change the substantive operation, under Delaware law, of the Partnership Agreements.   For example, the NASD forms do not dispense with the need to obtain the consent of the general partners.   However, those forms were adopted specifically to facilitate and make uniform the process by which partnership units are transferred and requests for admission, as either a substitute limited partner or assignee, are made.   It is inconsistent with that purpose to read the NASD forms narrowly, as suggested by defendants.   Therefore, even without regard to the one Registration Confirmation Form produced by ML Fund, I find that the transfer application forms adequately express both the transferor's and Everest's request that Everest be admitted as a substitute limited partner.Monterey Investments, Inc. v. Healthcare Properties, L.P., Del.Ch., C.A. No. 15519, Steele, V.C., 1997 WL 367038 (June 26, 1997), is not inconsistent with this conclusion.   In Monterey, Vice Chancellor Steele was asked to consider whether or not the language of a partnership agreement requiring the seller “to express clearly the seller/assignor's intent to assign, wholly or partially, its precise partnership interest” was satisfied by a purchase agreement expressing “nothing more than the seller/assignor's assignment of ‘certain rights to limited partnership interests ․ on the terms and conditions specified in these Purchase Documents.’ ”  Monterey at *7. The NASD forms at issue here expressly request Everest's admission as a substitute limited partner and, thus, differ critically from the purchase agreement form discussed in Monterey.   Rather, the NASD forms at issue here bear a strong resemblance to the “agreement of transfer” forms which Vice Chancellor Steele held, in that same case, to satisfy the requirements of the partnership agreement that a request be made of the general partner.  Id. at *9.B. ML Fund Consents to Substitution as Limited PartnerThe Partnership Agreements define “consent” to include “prior written consent,” or “the act of granting such consent, as the context may require.”   (Partnership Agreements, Article Two) Thus, while the general partners must consent to the substitution of Everest as a limited partner, that consent may consist of a writing granting consent, as was expressly required by the partnership agreement at issue in Monterey, or the act of authorizing the admission of Everest as a substitute limited partner.   Unlike the situation in Monterey, therefore, the Partnership Agreements at issue here do not require that the general partners evidence their consent in a writing. There is, of course, no evidence that the general partners themselves ever even considered Everest's requests for admission as a substitute limited partner.   Rather, it is clear from the record that ML Fund alone considered those requests.   The evidence also demonstrates that ML Fund processed Everest's requests and consented to Everest's admission by the act of registering the transfers, entering Everest's name in the partnership records as a limited partner of both partnerships, and confirming to Everest that the transfer it requested had been accomplished.   I find that, assuming ML Fund was authorized to give consent to Everest's admission as a substitute limited partner, these acts of ML Fund plainly evidence that consent was given.   Thus, the issue is whether ML Fund was authorized to do so either expressly or impliedly.12 1. Power to delegate Section 5.1 of the defendant Partnership Agreements grant the general partners the exclusive discretion to manage and control the business of the partnership.13  (Partnership Agreements, § 5.1(a)) There is no statutory provision regarding the delegation of authority by a general partner, rather “the specific rights and responsibilities of parties in a general or limited partnership are determined by the parties' particular partnership agreement.”   Katell, at 4-5 (citing 6 Del.C. §§ 17-403(a) and 1101(c)).  See also Monterey at *13 (noting obligation to refer to terms of partnership agreement when determining legal status in limited partnership). Section 5.5 of the Partnership Agreements provides that each of the general partners has the power to delegate its authority, including the power to do the following:“delegate any or all of the powers, rights and obligations [under the Partnership Agreements], and may appoint, employ, contract or otherwise deal with any Person for the transaction of the business of the Partnership, which Person may, under supervision of the General Partner, perform any acts or services for the Partnership as the General Partner may approve.”(Partnership Agreements, § 5.5(h)) (emphasis added) The general partners, therefore, had the power to delegate the performance of any acts or services under the Partnership Agreements for which the general partner is responsible, including the act of consenting to the admission of an assignee as a substitute limited partner.2. ML Fund's authority to consent to Everest's admission There is no dispute that the general partners of the defendant partnerships delegated substantial responsibility for the transfer of limited partnership units to ML Fund. The defendants concede that ML Fund is the transfer agent for the defendant partnerships, and that ML Fund is authorized to review and approve the paperwork before recording the transfer of partnership units.   They concede ML Fund is authorized to consent to the admission of transferees as assignees, and further concede that ML Fund maintains all communications with the limited partners concerning the transfer process.   In sum defendants concede that ML Fund is authorized to perform every function pertaining to the transfer of partnership units, including the determination of whether the provisions of the Partnership Agreements have been satisfied, except, they argue, ML Fund is not authorized to consent to the admission of an assignee as a substitute limited partner.To support this argument, the defendants rely principally on the testimony of Neal A. Ludeke, Vice President and Treasurer of the two general partners.   At trial, Mr. Ludeke testified, conclusorily, that ML Fund has “no role or authority” with respect to the admission of substitute limited partners.  (Tr. Trans. 67).   Defendants also rely, although to be a less clear purpose, on the deposition testimony of Margaret A. Burke, Manager of the Investor Communications Group of ML Fund, to the effect that (i) the ML Fund records do not distinguish between limited partners and assignees (Burke Depo. 14-15), and (ii) ML Fund never consults with the general partners when processing transfer requests.  (Id. at 53).Mr. Ludeke's other testimony at trial undermines defendants' litigation position by showing the general partners' complete lack of information about or involvement in the transfer of partnership interests, or the admission of assignees as substitute limited partners.   At trial, Ludeke testified that: he never sees the documentation relating to the transfer of partnership interests (Tr. Tran. 84); since the closing on the sale of partnership units (seven to nine years ago) he has not “seen anything that would look like a Schedule A” and cannot say if Schedule A was amended since that time to reflect changes in the composition of the group of limited partners (See Tr. Tran. 78 and 81-82); no request has ever been made to the general partners for the admission of anyone as a substitute limited partner 14 (Tr. Tran. 88);  and he does not know if anyone has ever made such a request of ML Fund, has ever inquired of ML Fund about that subject and does not know if any other person from the general partners has made such inquiry.  (Id.)Moreover, in deposition, neither representative of the general partners, Mr. Ludeke and Ms. Gina Scotti, could say where Schedule A was kept or who kept it.   Ms. Scotti said that Schedule A was in the closing binders relating to the offering of the partnership units and was in Mr. Ludeke's possession.   Mr. Ludeke thought Ms. Scotti had it.Considered as a whole, the evidence shows convincingly that ML Fund has routinely performed all of the functions associated with the transfer of partnership units, including giving consent to the admission of both assignees and substitute limited partners.   Thus, I reject as unsubstantiated defendants' assertion that ML Fund lacked authority and find that the general partners have delegated all transfer responsibilities to ML Fund, either expressly or impliedly by their complete failure otherwise to instruct ML Fund or to establish procedures at the general partner level for the processing of requests for admission as a substitute limited partner.   Indeed, the most likely conclusion to be drawn from the evidence presented is that the general partners simply paid no attention at any time to any transfer or any request for admission as a substitute limited partner, leaving those matters entirely to ML Fund. This is hardly surprising in the circumstances.   Until Everest wrote in July 1997, requesting a copy of the partnerships lists, the general partners had never had any reason to distinguish between assignees and substitute limited partners and in fact had made no such distinction.3. Everest's insouciance is no defenseDefendants rely on the testimony of David Lesser, Executive Vice President of Everest, in conjunction with the decision in Monterey, to argue that Everest's own insouciant or inattentive behavior precludes it from relying on the action taken by ML Fund to establish Everest's status as a limited partner.   Defendants point to Mr. Lesser's testimony that he was aware of the distinction between an assignee holder and a substitute limited partner and that under certain partnership agreements assignees are limited to economic rights.  (Tr. Tran. 39-40) Further, defendants cite Mr. Lesser's testimony that despite his awareness of this distinction he never reviewed the defendant Partnership Agreements to ascertain the requirements for becoming a substitute limited partner.  (Tr. Tran. 42-43) Defendants then draw a comparison between Everest's behavior and the Court's finding in Monterey that it was wholly unreasonable for the plaintiffs there to rely upon the confirmation forms, which did not specifically reference their admission as a substitute limited partner, to determine their legal status in the limited partnership.   See Monterey at *13. Here ML Fund had the actual authority to consent to Everest's request for admission as a substitute limited partner.   Thus, the issue of the reasonableness of Everest's reliance is irrelevant, as Everest does not rely on the theory of equitable estoppel discussed in Monterey.   I also note that the transfer forms at issue in Monterey were not the NASD-mandated forms at issue here.   As previously discussed, the NASD forms were developed and authorized by the SEC specifically for the purpose of facilitating the transfer of partnership interests between buyers and sellers.   The natural import of this is that parties using the NASD forms, unless they are otherwise specifically advised or the partnership agreement is to the contrary, should be entitled to rely on them as sufficient to accomplish the transfer therein requested.* * *Ultimately, I conclude that the central premise of defendants' position must fail.   The evidence, considered as a whole, does not support defendants' attempt to maintain, at once, that ML Fund was authorized to consent (and in this case did consent) to the admission of Everest as an assignee but was not authorized to consent to its admission as a substitute limited partner.   It could be that ML fund was expressly authorized to do neither one nor the other.   Nevertheless, the evidence convincingly shows that ML Fund has routinely done both, and I conclude that it was authorized to do so, expressly or impliedly, by the general partners.IV. ConclusionFor all the foregoing reasons, I conclude that Everest is a substitute limited partner of the defendant partnerships and, as such, is entitled to the entry of an order requiring that the defendant partnerships furnish it with the current lists of their limited partners derived from the ML Fund databases.IT IS SO ORDERED.FOOTNOTES1.   As noted, defendants concede Everest's admission as an assignee. There is also no dispute that the transfer application executed by Everest (i) gave its power of attorney for it to become a signatory to the Partnership Agreements and related documentation, and (ii) expressed its agreement to accept and be bound by the terms of those agreements.2.   While a written services contract between ML Fund and the partnerships apparently does exist, neither plaintiff nor defendants sought to introduce it into evidence.   At the post-trial argument, however, counsel for the defendant partnerships stated that the services contract did not contain a provision addressing the disputed issues in this case.While not all inclusive, the Partnership Agreements do specify some of the services which ML Fund provides, including the following:  (1) preparation and dissemination of the partnerships' financial statements;  (2) coordination of tax returns and the distribution of tax information to the limited partners;  (3) preparation of the quarterly and annual reports of the partnerships provided by the general partners and others;  and (4) maintenance of communications (in coordination with the general partners) with limited partners.   In coordination with the distribution of mailings, ML Fund provides the names and addresses reflecting the holders of partnership interests on a specific date.3.   At her deposition Gina Scotti, corporate secretary of the general partners, stated that Schedule A, if they had it, would probably be located in a closing binder.   According to Ms. Scotti, for each investor closing a closing binder would be created and a Schedule A would be attached to the partnership agreement located in the closing binder.   Ms. Scotti further testified that Neal Ludeke is the person who retained the closing binders.4.   The Chicago Partnership Board is a broker dealer providing matching services for limited partnerships.   The Board essentially acts as a clearing house, matching individuals seeking to sell limited partnership units with individuals seeking to purchase limited partnership units.   In this regard the Board acts as an intermediary as well as an attorney-in-fact for the buyer and seller, and facilitates the paperwork necessary to complete the transfer of partnership units.   Because the units in the defendant partnerships are not intended to be publicly traded (in order to protect important tax advantages), the Partnership Agreements require transferors to effect transfers of their units only through broker dealers whose procedures the general partner has determined are not incident to a public trading market.   The Board provides such a matching service.5.   The purchase agreement contained language indicating the seller's desire to sell and assign to the transferee “all of the seller's right, title and interests” and also that it become “effective as of the date the transferee becomes a substitute limited partner on the books and records of the Partnership.”   This provides some evidence of the transferor's desire that Everest succeed to all of the transferor's interest in the defendant partnerships as of the date of the transfer of the partnership units.6.   The transferor's (seller's) application for transfer which the Chicago Partnership Board forwarded to ML Fund provided as follows:[t]he transferor hereby makes application to transfer and assign, subject to the general partner's rights, to the transferee all rights and interests, as set forth in the partnership below and for the transferee to succeed to such interest as a Substitute Limited Partner, successor in interest or assignee.Plaintiff's Trial Exhs. 7 and 11.   Similarly, the transferee's (buyer's) application for transfer provides as follows:[t]he transferee hereby makes application to accept, subject to the general partner's rights, from the transferor all rights and interests, as set forth in the partnership below, and intends to succeed the transferor as a Substitute Limited Partner or Assignee and agrees to accept all the terms and conditions of the partnership agreement and related documents.Plaintiff's Trial Exhs. 8 and 12.7.   The Registration Confirmation Form provides in full as follows:[y]our transfer request has been processed.   The effective/admission date as a limited partner in the partnership is indicated below.   Information pertaining to your account has been entered, pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, on the Partnership's records as shown.   This documentation informs you of your registration in the Partnership and should be retained with your permanent records.Plaintiff's Trial Exh. 33.8.   At her deposition, the ML Fund representative also stated that she was not sure if the specific forms used in this case were supplied by ML Fund;   however, she did state that the documents were NASD documents, that they mirrored those ML Fund uses in connection with the transfer of partnership units, and that they met the requirements ML Fund has established for the purpose of transferring units of the defendant partnership.9.   The corresponding form relative to the ATC II transfer request was not produced by ML Fund. Instead, ML Fund produced another Registration Confirmation Form wholly unrelated to either Everest or the defendant partnerships.   I do not attribute any significance to the absence of the second Registration Confirmation Form.10.   In the demand letter Everest stated that its purpose in requesting the list of names and addresses of unit holders as well as the number of units held by each was to assist Everest in increasing its ownership of units in the partnership by enabling them to make tender offers to unit holders to purchase their units.11.   In its response to Everest's request for the list of names and addresses of the limited partners, the defendant partnerships requested that Everest provide, among other information, the following:  (1) the number of units owned by Everest and the dates they were purchased;  (2) the basis for its belief that Everest's proposed offer to purchase units is a proper ground under applicable law to receive the requested information;  and (3) compliance of the proposed offer with Article Seven of the defendant partnership agreements.12.   Plaintiff appears to have abandoned its argument based on equitable estoppel.   See Pl.'s Post-Trial Reply Brief at 14.13.   Section 5.1 of the Partnership Agreements parallels section 17-403 of DRULPA which vests general partners of limited partnerships with the sole authority to manage the partnership affairs.  6 Del.C. § 17-403(a);  Katell v. Morgan Stanley Group, Inc., Del.Ch., C.A. No. 12343, Chandler, V.C., 1993 WL 205033 (June 8, 1993) Mem. Op. at 4.14.   Defendants' claim that no request for admission has ever been made to the general partners (as opposed to ML Fund) for admission as a substitute limited partner is not meaningful in the context.   This Court has found that the NASD approved and mandated forms submitted to ML Fund in this matter (and, presumably, in other instances) contain a request for admission as a substitute limited partner.   Delivery of ML Fund (the agent) is all that was required.   In accordance with established practice, those requests were processed and approved by ML Fund, Everest's name was entered in the records as a partner and the transfer was confirmed to Everest.   he fact that these steps were all taken pursuant to delegated power, rather than by the general partners themselves, is insignificant.LAMB, Vice Chancellor.



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Tue Jul 25 11:10:09 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























DE Court Cases: Find DE Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
Delaware



Browse Delaware Courts

Court of Chancery of Delaware
Court on the Judiciary of Delaware
Family Court of Delaware
Superior Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of Delaware


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Tue Jul 25 11:10:09 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























DE Court of Chancery Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
Delaware
DE Ct. Chan.


Court of Chancery of Delaware Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of Court of Chancery of Delaware decisions since January 1997.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING DE Court of Chancery




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING DE Court of Chancery




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING DE Court of Chancery




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado









Browse by Recent Decisions


Description
Date
Docket #


YOUNG v. RED CLAY CONSOLIDATED SCHOOL DISTRICT
May 24, 2017
C.A. No. 10847–VCL

IN RE: MASSEY ENERGY COMPANYDERIVATIVE AND CLASS ACTION LITIGATION
May 4, 2017
Consolidated C.A. No. 5430-CB



View more decisions »





Browse Court of Chancery of Delaware Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Tue Jul 25 11:10:09 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Web - Tax Credit Apartments





























































 







Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to Tax Credit Apartments



tax credit apartments for seniors


low income tax credit housing program


tax credit apartments in houston


tax credit apartments texas


low income tax credit rules


tax credit apartments in dallas


tax credit apartments near me


tax credit apartments in california
 





Ads


News Results



Cabana Club Apartments near Cutler Bay sells to Affordable Housing Institute -…

The Business Journals, 7/21/2017
The 332-unit Section 42 Low Income Housing Tax Credit Community at 19701 S.W. 110th Court was sold by three co-owners: Rach Cabana LLC managed by Nathan Matut, SJA Cabana Club LLC managed by…



How Goods And Service Tax (GST) Impacts Five Key Sectors Of India's Economy

Forbes, 7/20/2017
Since GST’s implementation over the past few days, startups have been pinging @askGST_GoI, the official Twitter handle of the Government of India, for clarity on this new tax reform. As…



Security Properties and Housing Up Acquire Two District of Columbia Affordable…

PR Newswire via Yahoo Finance, 7/24/2017
Affordability covenants have been extended for a 40-year term as part of the preservation transaction. Hedin House was acquired using 9% Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) equity, a…




 


News Results



Grand Rapids expected to grant extension to buy school for affordable housing

MLive.com, 7/25/2017
GRAND RAPIDS, MI - The Grand Rapids School Board is expected to extend a purchase option agreement for Pine Academy until next year to allow a nonprofit to seek low income housing tax…



One of two major developments in Eaton County gets funding

Lansing State Journal, 7/20/2017
One of two multi-million dollar area development projects that hinged on the approval of government tax credits secured funding this month. Indianapolis-based developer TWG Development's…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Tax Credit Apartments and Housing FAQ - The Spruce


www.thespruce.com/tax-credit-housing-faq-155598

Read answers to commonly asked questions about the federal low-income housing tax credit program.



Affordable Housing Solutions


affordablehousingsolutions.com

Search for affordable, low income and tax credit apartments and homes by using our online affordable housing search! Affordable Housing Solutions is exclusive to ...



Low Income Housing Tax Credit - HUD


portal.hud.gov/…ogram_offices/fair_housing_equal...

Memorandum Of Understanding Among The Department Of The Treasury, The Department Of Housing And Urban Development, And The Department Of Justice



DCA | Federal and State Housing Tax Credit Programs


www.dca.state.ga.us/…/programs/housingTaxCredit.asp

General questions may be emailed to the Office of Housing Finance. Georgia Department of Community Affairs 60 Executive Park South, N.E. Atlanta, Georgia 30329-2231



Low-Income Housing Tax Credits | HUD USER


www.huduser.gov/portal/datasets/lihtc.html

The Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) is the most important resource for creating affordable housing in the United States today. The LIHTC database, created by ...



Low-Income Housing Tax Credit - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/…iki/Low-Income_Housing_Tax_Credit

The Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC - often pronounced "lie-tech", Housing Credit) is a dollar-for-dollar tax credit in the United States for affordable housing ...



CTCAC Tax Credit Programs - treasurer.ca.gov


www.treasurer.ca.gov/ctcac/tax.asp

The California Tax Credit Allocation Committee (TCAC) facilitates the investment of private capital into the development of affordable rental housing for low-income ...



Low Income Housing Tax Credit Program - The Danter Company


www.danter.com/taxcredit

Basic information on the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Program, including statistics and a database of current program maximum incomes and rents.



Best Tax Credit Apartments in San Antonio, Texas with ...


www.yellowpages.com/…tonio-tx/tax-credit-apartments

Find 1493 listings related to Tax Credit Apartments in San Antonio on YP.com. See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best Apartments in San ...



LIHTC Database Access


lihtc.huduser.gov

LIHTC Database Access. This system allows selective access to data from HUD's Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Database. Data output is in either easy-to-read HTML ...



Tax Credit Apartments | Country Park Residences


countryparkapartmentswichita.com

Country Park, located on 45th St and N Hydraulic in Park City, KS is a 108 unit apartment community offering 2 & 3 bedroom market and tax credit apartments.



Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) - Mass.Gov


www.mass.gov/…-income-housing-tax-credit-lihtc.html

The Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) was created by Congress under Section 252 of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 to promote the construction and rehabilitation of ...



Tax Credit Apartments | Silver Spring, MD - Argent Apartments


www.argentapts.com

Living in one of our tax credit apartments means shorter travel time to work. Contact us in Silver Spring, MD, for details on our affordable housing solution.





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 







Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us





























LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







Quick Reorder Login - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands


















 





















Adding to Cart...




Added to Cart



Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







*Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.






Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought

















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in
















Printer Ink Cartridges and Toner Cartridges | Office Supplies - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












Ink & Toner Finder
Find Printer Supplies, Fast, Easy & Hassle Free.






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit



Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges - Office Supplies

Recommended Products






LD Multipurpose Standard Size Paper - 1500 Sheets Per Pack
$32.99
$12.99








Sharpie Permanent Marker - 5 Pack
$8.22
$3.83








House of Doolittle Horizontal Planner
$12.69
$11.49








Sharpie Major Accent Assorted Highlighters - 6 Pack
$7.88
$2.99








Rolodex Mesh Oval Pencil Cup
$22.06
$9.99








Sparco Standard Staple - 5000 per box
$3.88
$1.42








Business Source Round Ring View Binder
$7.65
$1.79








Swingline All Metal Full-Strip Desk Stapler
$16.15
$4.99








Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Ink Pen, Black - 12 Pack
$26.40
$12.62








Verbatim 16GB 97275 USB 2.0 Flash Drive
$15.00
$6.57








Sparco Straight Scissors
$10.89
$1.68








Post-it Adhesive Note - 4 per pack - Yellow
$4.03
$2.48








Crayola Colored Pencils, Short 64 CT - 1 per set
$12.99
$10.51








BIC Mechanical Pencil - 12 Pack
$6.96
$5.71








Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator
$15.00
$10.98








Crayola Classic Colors Markers - 8 per set
$4.13
$4.11








Mead Five Star "Best" Backpack
$44.99
$32.03








LD Mini Office Supply Kit
$4.99
$2.99








Elmer's Washable All Purpose School Glue Sticks - 4 per pack
$4.03
$2.59








Kensington Lightning Charge & Sync Cable
$26.99
$22.95





Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 


This Month's Features


Popular Office Supplies





Back to School Headquarters





Sharpie Supplies





Here At LD Products...


Award Winning Customer Service



Live Assistance on Orders


Our award-winning customer service team are knowledgeable, personable, and provide service with a smile.




Discover the LD Difference



Commitment to Quality


Printing with a cartridge you can count on is important.




State-of-the-Art Warehouses



Fast Processing and Shipping


Our automated fulfillment centers and dedicated warehouse staff work together to expedite the delivery of your order.





Bizrate Platinum Award Winner









Awarded to retailers for excellent online customer experience and service.


LD Products is a leading provider of discount printer ink and office supplies. At LD Products, you can count on:


Low prices that don't include a sacrifice in quality.
Lifetime guarantee


Same day shipping before 4PM PST
Award-winning service
Free delivery on orders over $50†


 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 





U.S. Gov Connect Top Eight Tax Credits.  Annual Credit Report​How Late Paymenst Affect Credit.New Credit Report RulesFHA Loans With Low Credit Score​​Fair Credit Reporting Act​​IRS Tax Settlement Program​​​  ​​Consumer's Credit Reports​Investors Guide & Enforcement​Consumer Finances​Money & Retirement​Travel Alerts And Tips    3. The Savers Tax Credit The Saver’s Credit: If your family makes less than $60,000 per year, you could qualify for double benefits from your retirement contributions. You can save for the future and increase your income tax returns. Continue With The SaversTax Credit.​  2. Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC).The EITC is a credit that is actually refundable, which means that if a taxpayer's tax liability is less than the credit, the tax filer actually gets a check from the IRS  Continue With The Earned Income Tax Credit.​  5. Tax Credit For Elderly And Disabled. The Elderly And Disabled Tax Credit helps seniors so they are not  taxed beyond what they can reasonably pay, this credit helps to reduce their taxable income.  Continue With Elderly And Disabled Tax Credit.​               




            8. The Dependent Care Tax Credit.Individuals who pay for child or dependent care in order to be able to work or search for work may be eligible to claim the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit. Continue With The Dependent Care Tax Credit.​    By: Patrick Mansfield | U.S.Gov Connect    NewsConsumer Credit ReportsConsumer LoansInvestingTax CenterTravel InformationMedical Travel And Expat InformationTravel Alerts And AdvisoriesGOV Links      7. Residential Energy Tax CreditsIf you made improvements or installed any energy saving equipment in your home in 2015 or 2016, you may be entitled to some tax benefits  Continue With The Residential Energy Tax Credit.​    How Tax Credits Work                              U.S. Gov Connect       Reporting On U.S. Government Programs & Regulations    ​ ​Most Read Articles  SEARCH    Tax Tip:  IRS Tax Settlemnt Program.An Offer in Compromise (OIC) is a longstanding program that was put into place by the IRS aimed towards helping individuals eliminate tax debt burdens that are too large for them to pay back.  Go To IRS Tax Settlement.​  6. Advanced Premium Tax CreditWhen someone chooses to pay their health insurance premiums using  tax credits, it is called “advanced payments of the premium tax credit” or “advance credit payments”. Continue With Advanced Premium Tax Credit.​      ​​Most Popular Topics 




       4. Education Tax CreditsTwo common tax deductions are available to help alleviate the cost of college: the American Opportunity Credit and the Lifetime Learning Credit. Using these educational tax credits can help decrease tuition costs by up to $2,500 per year per dependent child. Continue With The Education Tax Credit.​           




       Tax Credits for those that qualify can reduce the amount consumers may owe the IRS each year. One of the main benefits of Tax Credits is that it can really boost your tax refund. Unlike tax deduction, which reduces your taxable income, Tax Credits could directly put money in filers pockets at tax time. More importantly a refundable Tax Credit not only reduces your tax liability, but can exceed what you owe and put money directly in your pocket.Example: Taxpayer A owes $1000 in taxes, but qualifies for a $2000 refundable Tax Credit. Taxpayer A would receive $1000 from the IRS.    1. Child Tax CreditQualifications: In order to qualify for the credit children must meet certain requirements that include age, relationship, support, dependent, citizenship and residence.  Continue With The Child Tax Credit.​    The 8 Biggest Tax Credits You Can Get For Filing Year 2017.      Before You Go: A Traveler's Checklist And Guide. Traveling can be both a thrilling and somewhat daunting task, particularly when traveling overseas. 




    IRS Tax Settlement Program An Offer in Compromise (OIC) is a long-standing program that was put in place by the IRS aimed towards helping individuals eliminate tax debt burdens that are too large for them to pay back.     Three Quick Methods To Raise Consumer Credit Scores.One of the major components of your credit score is credit utilization. This is the measure of how much credit you are using (i.e. what is your balance each month) in comparison to what is available to you.   U.S. Gov Connect Disclaimer  We Are Not Affiliated Nor Endorsed With A U.S. Government Agency | We Do Not Collect Personal Information  | We Do Not Sell Financial Products.​Privacy Policy             Getting An  FHA Mortgage With A Low Credit Score. Your credit score, as with most loans, plays the key role in determining whether you get approved for an FHA loan. In order to qualify, you are going to need at least a 500 credit score.          ​Five Credit Score Myths.   How your credit score is calculated, and how your credit score is derived, has created a lot of myths on these two outcomes. We will attempt to clear up any confusion and misinformation out there regarding credit reports.  New Credit Report Rules Starting July 1st.​​Whether your credit score runs high or low, take note: the formula that calculates your score is about to get a facelift.        Trending Content On U.S. Gov Connect​​    ​ Four Steps To Take in Rebuilding Credit Reports.   Having good credit is essentially a guarantee that you'll be able to get a good interest rate when applying for a loan, and it can even affect your insurance costs and employment potential.                       U.S. Gov Connect                                                          Designed By -Info Seek Media, Inc.                           About Us                    Terms Of Use         Archives             Consumer Credit Reports       Money And Retirement                          Privacy Policy            Disclaimer             Home Page         Investing & Enforcement                                                        ​​​​Copyright 2008-2017 © U.S. Gov Connect  All Rights Reserved.​​    Six Reasons To Own Gold Gold is something of a standard when it comes to value, which makes it a strong investment. The material is completely indestructible, it's rare, and it doesn't lose value based on other value-holders.          View on Mobile