




Amplify.LA Capital III, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Bjornerud  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Amplify.LA Capital III, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1600 Main Street  
    Venice, CA, 90291Phone: (858) 703-7794 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-01


Amended


$9,335,000


$9,335,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-10-30


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Kristoffer E Bjornerud 
 Executive 


 Paul Bricault 
 Executive 


 Oded Noy 
 Executive 












Amplify.LA | Startup Accelerator | Los Angeles





























Amplify is LA's leading startup accelerator. Apply today or learn more about how we help technology startups.
All companies are not created equal, nor do they travel similar paths. A flexible approach to accelerating startups is at the core of the Amplify program. The experience is tailored to each company -- no mandatory schedule or recycled calendar of activities. Our team and mentors actively monitor your performance and provide support and guidance throughout your stay at our campus in Venice Beach, California, and beyond.

The Amplify portfolio. See more.







Winc
Winc (formerly Club W) is modern take on the traditional wine club. Winc partners with great wine makers around the world, sometimes even financing them, to deliver less expensive, great-tasting wines to your door. 









Clutter
Clutter is a full-service storage company that allows consumers to safely and affordably store their belongings without lifting a finger.









FloQast
FloQast builds cloud-based software that helps manage accounting departments by centralizing the workflow, assigning tasks, maintaining supporting documentation and automating reconciliations.









HelloTech
HelloTech is an on-demand tech support company that is disrupting how consumers get support for and purchase tech for personal and home use.









StackCommerce
StackCommerce is a white-label ecommerce platform that enables publishers to generate additional revenues by offering exclusive flash sales on software, apps, video tutorials, and other digital tools.









The Bouqs Company
The Bouqs Company is a cut-to-order online flower delivery company.






Work at an Amplify startup
Our portfolio includes 50+ companies from a wide variety of industries. Those companies employ hundreds of people accross LA and beyond. If you're looking for a new opportunity, let us know, we can help! Drop us your resume.


















Amplify.LA | Startup Accelerator | Los Angeles





























The Amplify portfolio is more than just a list of companies. It's a family of supportive founders and entrepreneurs.








Afinity
Afinity helps mobile app developers to exponentially engage and monetize their users by integrating chat and native ads. The turnkey SDK makes it dead simple to embed social features and high-yield ads.









AlphaDraft
A daily fantasy sports site specifically for eSports. Think Fanduel or Draftkings for Video Games. — AlphaDraft was acquired by FanDuel in 2015.









Battlefy
Battlefy is the online destination for gamers to organize, play, and watch eSports. Battlefy is giving aspiring gamers a channel to challenge their skills, build their resumes, and capture recognition from fans and major leagues.









Bitium
Bitium aims to give growing companies the ability to manage access to all of their web-based applications — including Google Apps and Office 365, as well as social networks and CRM, collaboration and marketing tools — in one place, without hindering employee adoption of these applications.









Card
CARD is "an online bank" where a debit card and your mobile phone are all you need to maintain an account. All prepaid debit cards offer online bill pay, direct deposit, and free in-network ATM cash withdrawals, and can be customized with your favorite brands, cartoons and celebrities.









Clutter
Clutter is a full-service storage company that allows consumers to safely and affordably store their belongings without lifting a finger.











DSTLD
DSTLD is a premium denim label with a streamlined, fully boutiqueless stance. The brand offers clientele the finest, most fundamental essence of top-grade premium denim, as well as a free ten-day home “audition”.









Estify
Estify automates manual data entry by collision repair shop employees. Shops save 30 minutes to 2 hours on each estimate that they would have needed to enter manually with Estify’s innovative software. Estify is causing a lot of excitement in the collision repair industry.










Fama
It's hard to hire the right person. Fama utilizes the open social graph to go beyond the resume, helping companies make smarter hiring decisions.









Fanbread
FanBread is a one-stop shop for influencers to build their own branded mobile websites with all the best money-making tools built in. — Fanbread was acquired by RockYou in 2016.









FloQast
FloQast builds cloud-based software that helps manage accounting departments by centralizing the workflow, assigning tasks, maintaining supporting documentation and automating reconciliations.









Gear Frontier
Gear Frontier is where toys-to-life gaming becomes a blockbuster action movie car chase.









Gem
Gem is a blockchain security API that powers smart networks that connect industries.









Greenshield
GreenShield is a diversified financial services marketplace that helps employees save money, invest wisely and reach their financial goals. — Greenshield was acquired by Kinght & Bishop in 2016.









HelloTech
HelloTech is an on-demand tech support company that is disrupting how consumers get support for and purchase tech for personal and home use.









HypeVR
HypeVR builds high quality stereoscopic stitching technology and offers ultra high resolution six degree cinematic live action VR capture.









Iconery
Iconery is your new fine jewelry destination. Discover jewelry designers and shop the latest trends. Customize to your price point.










Kingmaker
Kingmaker is an instructional video shopping network that provides consumers with the information they need to learn practical skills and make educated purchases. — Kingmaker was acquired by Joyus in 2013.









Ledge
Ledge is an instant credit gateway that makes it simple to integrate smart financing options into existing web, mobile, and point of sale experiences.









Lensabl
Lensabl is an online prescription lens service for eyewear enabling customers to get new prescription lenses for any frames, at a fraction of the cost they are used to.









Little Labs
Founded by former EA folks, Little Labs is a smartwatch app studio that creates simple and fun experiences designed for the post-phone era.









Look.io
Look.io is a plugin for iPhone, iPad and Android apps that overlays a live chat session with others. — Look.IO was acquired by LivePerson in 2012.









Mapsense
Mapsense helps people explore location-based trends faster than ever before, so anyone can tame the growing tidal wave of geospatial data. — Mapsense was acquired by Apple in 2015.









Markett
Markett is an on-demand salesforce that generates new customers for high-growth companies.









MedRepublic
MedRepublic is a global health platform that connects patients needing medical care to top-notch medical services around the world.









Mover.io
Mover is a full service system that seamlessly moves files and information in the cloud.









OpenMe
Open Me offers hassle-free greeting cards for both email and traditional mail delivery, and a creative selection that spans from heartfelt to humorous. — Open Me was acquired by Rowl, Inc. in 2015.









Repost
Repost offers monetization, content protection, and full upgraded platform features to content creators on SoundCloud.









SafeRide Health
SafeRide is an online platform for non-emeregency medical transport.









Sensay
Sensay allows anyone to get anonymous help instantly through an on-demand community messenger.









Shipmate
Ship Mate allows users to prepare for their cruise vacation and to make the most of their time while at sea and at port. — Ship Mate was acquired by Cruiseline.com in 2013.









StackCommerce
StackCommerce is a white-label eCommerce platform enabling technology-focused publishers to generate additional revenues by offering exclusive flash sales on software, apps, video tutorials, and other digital tools.









Stop Breathe & Think
A friendly, simple tool to guide people of all ages and backgrounds through meditations for mindfulness and compassion.









TallyGo
TallyGo transforms expectations around smartphone navigation from "maps with red and green lines" to a trusted advisor that is as necessary to your day as your first cup of coffee.









The Bouqs Company
The Bouqs Company is a cut-to-order online flower delivery company.









The Flex Company
The Flex Company is a subscription e-commerce company that sells a new, more comfortable alternative to tampons, pads and cups.









The Kive Company
The Kive Company is a Los Angeles based company focused on bringing great products and services to the parenting and mom market.









Trace
Trace allows you to measure and share your speed, vertical, jumps, Calories, and more on any mountain or wave.









Translation Exchange
TranslationExchange is a crowd-sourced translation platform that provides tools for managing and sharing translations across multiple applications.










unGlue
unGlue controls the amount of time and content their children consume on any screen and device, at home and away










Wedo
Wedo is the easiest way to stay connected with the people around you on the things that need to get done.









Winc
Winc is modern take on the traditional wine club. Winc partners with great wine makers around the world, sometimes even financing them, to deliver less expensive, great-tasting wines to your door.




















Amplify.LA | Startup Accelerator | Los Angeles





























Amplify is itself a startup, run by an incredible team of entrepreneurs and visionaries.
For us, making a real impact in the Los Angeles startup ecosystem is at the heart of our strategy. We expect to benefit from the community we’re building as much as our companies will.





Paul Bricault
Managing Partner
Paul is a Venture Partner at Greycroft, former EVP and member of the Board of Directors at William Morris and was founder of the Mailroom Fund. Additionally, he has served as a graduate professor of media and technology at USC for 20 years and is an advisor and angel investor in more than 20 companies, including many in LA.
Twitter@pbricault




Kris Bjornerud
Venture Partner
Kris is an experienced early stage technology investor. In addition to his role at Amplify, he was previously a Senior Associate and then Venture Partner with CrossCut Ventures. He worked with AngelVision Investors while completing his MBA at the University of Southern California. Prior to business school he spent 4 years working in the financial industry with LPL Financial, working closely on transactions involving a number of top tier investment banks.
Twitter@krisbjorn




Oded Noy
Managing Partner
Oded is an experienced technology entrepreneur. He was Co-Founder and CTO of Santa Monica based TrueCar (NASDAQ:TRUE). Oded currently serves as CTO of Zefr and is Founder and CTO of TargetClose. Oded is also Founder and Chair of the LA CTO Forum and a mentor at the Founders Institute in LA and San Diego. Additionally, he was an Israeli fighter pilot.
Twitter@odednoy




Eric Pakravan
Vice President
Eric joined the Amplify team in 2014. Eric’s previous startup experience and strong technical background make him a key resource at Amplify. He is a graduate of the University of Southern California, where he served as Student Body President of the Marshall School of Business and founded LavaLab, a hands-on engineering and product design organization.
Twitter@epakravan




Amanda Schutzbank
Vice President


									Amanda joined Amplify from Primary Venture Partners in New York. She was previously the Vice President of Marketing at Karma Mobility, a New York City hardware startup, and an Associate in the Techstars New York City program. Prior to that she spent time as an Investment Banker at Bank of America Merrill Lynch where she worked on IPOs within the Technology sector. Amanda earned a BS in Finance and Marketing from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.
									Twitter@aschutzy




Connor Sundberg
Analyst
Connor joined Amplify in 2016. Connor previously held roles as a risk analyst at DoubleLine Capital and JPMorgan Chase & Co. before becoming involved in the tech and entrepreneurship communities in LA. Connor is a graduate of the University of Southern California, where he studied Neuroscience and Business.
Twitter@cj_sundberg




Richard Wolpert
Venture Partner
Richard is a Venture Advisor for Accel Partners and was President of Disney Online and formerly Chief Strategy Officer at Real Networks. Additionally, he is the Founder & CEO of HelloTech, and an angel investor in more than 25 companies, including many in LA.
Twitter@rewolpert




















Los Angeles Startup Jobs | Amplify.LA




























Work with an Amplify startup!
Since 2011, Amplify has accelerated dozens of companies from a wide variety of industries — everything from e-commerce and mobile to fashion, gaming and sports media. Together, these startups have gone on to raise $250M in funding and employ hundreds of people from across Los Angeles and around the country. Whether you’re looking for a co-founding role or internship, marketing job or engineering position, let us know! We’ll do our best to connect you!
Introduce yourself
At Amplify, we’re dedicated to advancing the Los Angeles tech ecosystem by acting as a bridge between local entrepreneurs, talent and venture capital. We’ve received many resumes over the years, which has allowed us to connect qualified candidates to jobs at first-rate startups. The purpose of this tool is to further expedite that process. Whenever we receive a resume, we make an effort to match you with jobs at one of our many growing startups.













Resume:    




What type of role are you seeking? Hint: use Cmd+Click to select multiple options



 Full-Time 
 Part-Time 
 Entry Level 
 Consulting 
 Internship 






 BD 
 Community Management 
 Content 
 Design 
 Finance 
 Front-End 
 Full-Stack 
 Hardware 
 HR 
 Legal 
 Marketing 
 Ops 
 Partnerships 
 Product Management 
 PR 
 Sales 
 Other 








Join our newsletter for the latest job openings from across our portfolio

























Amplify.LAAmplify.LAThe latest from Amplify and around the LA Tech CommunityQ2 2017 LA Seed Deal ReportQ2 2017 LA Seed Deal ReportWe’re happy to announce the most recent update of our LA Seed Report, encompassing all seed funding to LA companies in Q2.Amplify.LAJul 10The Biggest Parenting Mistake In Modern HistoryThe Biggest Parenting Mistake In Modern HistoryLet’s get straight to the point: the Parental Control concept is the biggest parenting mistake in modern history. Sounds too aggressive? It…Alon ShwartzJul 7Q1 2017 LA Seed Deal ReportQ1 2017 LA Seed Deal ReportWe’re happy to introduce our latest LA Seed Report encompassing all the seed deals done in LA companies in Q1.Amplify.LAApr 192016 LA Seed Deal Report2016 LA Seed Deal ReportWe’re happy to introduce our LA Seed Report encompassing all the seed deals done in LA companies over the course of 2016. We have…Amplify.LAFeb 14Want the latest from Amplify?Don’t miss outBuilding the FutureBuilding the future of Medical Transportation — Why we’re backing SafeRide HealthBuilding the future of Medical Transportation — Why we’re backing SafeRide HealthComing on the heels of our first healthcare investment in MedRepublic, we have now found our second exciting company in the same sector…paul bricaultFeb 8Building the future of On-Demand Marketing — Why we’re backing MarkettBuilding the future of On-Demand Marketing — Why we’re backing MarkettAdvertising is everywhere. It clutters our physical world — from bus ads to billboards to blimps. It also clutters our digital world — with…Eric PakravanAug 11, 2016Building the future of Parenting in the Internet Age — Why we’re backing unGlueBuilding the future of Parenting in the Internet Age — Why we’re backing unGlueWe’re thrilled to announce that Alon Shwartz and the unGlue team are joining the Amplify family! unGlue is a software solution that…Oded NoyAug 3, 2016Los AngelesLos Angeles is a transportation tech powerhouseLos Angeles is a transportation tech powerhouseLos Angeles is famous for two things: entertainment and traffic.Eric PakravanNov 14, 2016Overview of the Los Angeles Tech & Venture SceneOverview of the Los Angeles Tech & Venture SceneA few months ago, we published a presentation about the state of the LA tech scene. The goal was to provide a comprehensive narrative of…Eric PakravanSep 21, 2016About Amplify.LALatest StoriesArchiveAbout MediumTermsPrivacy

Amplify.LA | Startup Accelerator | Los Angeles






























At Amplify, our vision is clear — help passionate technology entrepreneurs grow their startups into strong, scalable & successful companies.
Our flexible curriculum is built around each founder — no mandatory schedule or recycled calendar of activities. We give you the freedom to continue doing what you do best, while we take care of the rest; we provide $50k-$200k in seed funding, access to additional capital from the right investors for your company, free workspace at our Venice campus and extensive hands-on mentorship. Our portfolio companies also benefit from a variety of free or highly discounted services including hosting, legal, banking and more. We are very hands on. We get very active. We want to see our companies succeed.



The Amplify Mentor Network
Our roster of mentors includes many prominent leaders from across the LA technology, entertainment and media industries. Rather than populate our mentor list with flashy names and titles, we carefully invite experienced operators, strategists and executives who can devote their time and expertise to Amplify companies. Like everything at Amplify, our mentor program is flexible – Amplify mentors support our companies in a variety of ways from hosting office hours, meeting up for coffee, or on occasion, joining the company as a formal advisor or executive.






Adam Chapnick

Strategy, Media, and Communications Advisor








Alan Citron

Internet Media and Entertainment Executive








Alicia Rockmore

Digital, Mobile, and Social Media Marketing Leader








Allan Jones

Co-Founder, Bambee; Former CMO, ZipRecruiter








Andrei Marinescu

Former CMO, Ring, Viddy








Ankarino Lara

Founder and CPO, Thismoment








Anthony Citrano

Former VP Communications, Verizon








Arlene Zeichner

Digital Media Advisor








Austin Murray

CEO, Zowdow








Ben Plomion

CMO, GumGum








Carl Kirchoff

Founder, EverSport Media








Chris Mansolillo

Television and Digital Media Executive








Chris Pirrone

GM, USA Today Sports Media Group








Colette Dill-Lerner

Managing Partner, Steel & Pepper








Courtney Holt

Former CEO of Maker Studios








Craig Gatarz

Executive Vice President, The Honest Company








Craig Muhlrad

Business Affairs, Amazon Studios








Cris Popenoe

Media and Entertainment Executive








Dan Harman

Former VP Operations, Cargomatic








Dan Hartman

Former SVP Programming, DIRECTV








Daniel Scalisi

SVP Market Development, MobileCause








Danielle Corey

UX Expert








Danny Fishman

Co-Founder, EXCELLERATE








Darren Rush

CEO, GrantIQ








Dave Beveridge

Marketing Executive








Dave Cole

CPO, Tenable, CrowdStrike








Dave Dickman

Former Global Head of Sales, iAd, Apple








Dave Leyrer

Venture Partner, Firstmark Capital








Dave Muscatel

Former VP Programming, DIRECTV








David Anson

Strategy Executive








David Baron

VP Content, Hulu








David Carrico

Co-Founder and CEO, PrimeMind








David Dowling

Co-Founder and CEO, ScreenTime Solutions








David Waxman

Managing Partner, TenOneTen Ventures








Deepak Masand

Former VP Retail & Customer Insights, CVS Health; Former Global Head of Marketing, Visa, Pepsi








Diego Berdakin

Founder, Beachmint








Dustin Rosen

Managing Partner, Wonder Ventures








Ed Wilson

Founder and CEO, Dreamcatcher Media








Edward Fu

Co-Founder, Bambee; Former CMO, ZipRecruiter








Eli Portnoy

Co-Founder and CEO, Sense360








Eli Rubel

VP Marketing, Helpshift








Emrah Kovacoglu

Founder, Total Beauty Media








Eric Danker

Director of Engineering, Riot Games (Tencent).








Eric Futoran

Co-Founder, Scopely








Erik Huberman

Founder and CEO, Hawke Media








Erin Kapczynski

VP Marketing, Purch








Evan Labb

Head of Revenue, Savings.com








Evan Rifkin

Founder, Burstly, Social Project








Fiona Posell

Founder and President, Produce Communications Inc.








Fred Dimesa

GM, Giftagram








Gary Frenkel

SVP Product & Technology, TakePart








Geoff Isenman

Former VP Business Development, NYTimes








Georgia Ruiz

Branding and Marketing Expert








Gerardo Broussi

CEO/Chief Innovation Officer, Brainspark Group








Grant Miller

Founder, Replicated; Previously founded Look.io








Greg Deutsch

Former General Counsel, Activision








Guy Primus

Co-Founder and CEO, The Virtual Reality Company








Hamet Watt

Former Founder and CEO, NextMedium; Venture Partner, Upfront Ventures








Hank Leber

Founder & President, Execute.LA; Marketing and Advertising Expert








Hudson Andrews

Director of Marketing, Surf Air, previously Thrive Market; Growth Expert








Hung Tran

Former CTO, Machinima








Ian Swanson

Founder and CEO, DataScience








Jamie Berger

Former VP of Marketing, Scopely








Jamie Kantrowitz

Investor and Digital Media Executive








Jamie McCabe

Former EVP, 20th Century Fox








Jarl Mohn

President and CEO, NPR








Jason McDowall

Product Leader; Founder, Method Ventures








Jason Nazar

Co-Founder and CEO, Comparably








Jay Boberg

Executive Chairman, Vadio








Jeff Lipp

Co-Founder & COO, The Kive Company








Jeff Lapin

President, Tech Coast Angels








Jeffrey Pollack

Sports & Media Industry Veteran








Jennifer Collins

VP Breaking News & Entertainment, Branded Entertainment Network








Jesse Langley

Co-Founder, Chef'd








Jesus Robles

Director of Enterprise Applications, HauteLook/NordstromRack.com








Jim Hu

Product Marketing & Monetization, Instagram








Jim Ramo

Entertainment Executive; President, Allenwood Ventures








Jim Wiatt

Strategy and Entertainment Executive








Joe Perez

Founder, Tastemade








Joey Tamer

Strategic Internet and Digital Media Consultant








John Ellis

Former CEO, Tapiture








John Tabis

Founder & CEO, The Bouqs Co.








Jon Cohen

Director, Distribution & Media Partnerships, GoPro








Jonathan Morris

Enterprise Software Expert








Jordan Posell

Co-Founder & Managing Partner, Full Stack Finance








Joseph Varet

Founder & President, Media Greenhouse








Josh Payne

Founder & CEO, StackCommerce








Josh Resnick

Co-Founder & CEO, Sugarfina, Pandemic Studios








Kelly Perdew

Co-Founder & Managing General Partner, Moonshots Capital








Kevin Donahue

Co-Founder, Epic!








Kim Salzer

CMO, Hyperloop One








Lauren Cole

President, Cole Media








Lee Anderson-Brooke

Senior VP, Edelman








Lisa Kraynak

CMO, Carbon38








Liz Heller

Media & Entertainment Leader








Loren Bendele

Co-Founder & CEO, Savings.com








Marc Ruxin

Entertainment and Media Executive








Mark Irace

CMO, FanDuel








Mark Surfas

Founder & CEO, Robots and Rockets








Matt Kozlov

Managing Director, Techstars Healthcare Accelerator








Matthew Hanover

Media & Strategy Executive








Matthew Welch

Marketing Executive








Michael Tanaka

Chief Revenue Officer, imperson








Mickie Rosen

Former SVP, Global Media & Commerce, Yahoo!








Mike Gammarino

Co-Founder & VP of Operations, The Black Tux;former VP of Operations Beachmint








Mike McGlade

Strategy Executive; Former CEO, Greenshield








Mike Pugh

Marketing and Product Executive








Mohamed Kamal

Co-Founder & CEO, Building Bloc








Niall Weintraub

Head of Marketing,  RealtyMogul.com; Formerly, DogVacay and Match.com; Marketing and Strategy Expert








Nishant Mani

CMO, Winc; Marketing & Analytics Expert








Ori Neidich

Principal Solutions Architect, Amazon Alexa








Paul Rappoport

COO, TopFan; Media and Gaming Expert








Paul Yanover

President, Fandango








Peter Goldberg

Investor/Advisor & former Bank CEO








Peter Sellis

Head of Monetization, Snapchat








Philippe Suchet

Former Founder & CEO, Zappli; Venture Partner, Spider Capital Partners








Renu Mevasse

Marketing Executive








Richard Barry

Expert Engineering & Technology Advisor








Robert Jadon

Former Director, Altpoint Ventures








Rod Ebrahimi

Head of Corporate Development, Avant








Russ Pillar

Media and Entertainment Executive








Ryan Scott

Founder & CEO, Causecast








Sam Fankuchen

Founder & CEO, Golden; Product/UX Strategist








Sam Wick

Former EVP, Maker Studios; Head of UTA Ventures








Sarah Bernard

Digital Media Executive; Co-Founder, BoBCat








Scott Bushman

Digital Media Executive








Scott Dudelson

Former Co-Founder & COO, Prodege; Managing Director, LA Dodgers Accelerator








Scott Lehr

Former COO at NewsCred and SVP & GM at Demand Media








Scott MacDonell

Former VP of Marketing, LegalZoom








Sean Besser

Business Development & Strategy Executive








Sean Lyden

Digital & Product Marketing Executive








Sean Spector

Co-Founder & CEO, Dropoff








Sean Whiteley

Former COO, Cargomatic, TigerText








Seth Skolnik

Former SVP, Technicolor, Paramount Pictures








Shalini Govil-Pai

Director & Global Head, Youtube








Sodan Selvaretnam

CEO, Chia Ventures Inc.








Sugath Warnakulasuriya

Managing Director, Thalamus Labs; Founder & CEO, SnapInnovate








SuzAnn Brantner

Former Head of Digital, William Morris Endeavor; Owner, The Family Business








Tate Mill

Former VP Global Business Development, American Express








Ted Hong

President, HelloTech; Co-Founder, Dropoff; Former CMO, Fandango








Ted Rupp

Business Development & Strategy Executive; Founder & CEO, Epyk








Tom Andrus

Former SVP, AXS.com, Myspace, EarthLink








Tom Kuhr

Marketing, Product & Strategy Executive








Tom McInerney

Angel Investor & Advisor








Tony Beams

Former VP of Finance & Operations, Headspace








Tony Sziklai

Co-Founder, Clutter








Tracy Randall

Co-Founder & Former CEO, Cooking.com








Vince Thompson

Former VP Sales, Facebook, AOL








Wayne Sieve

Co-Founder & CEO, EverSport Media








Will Jessup

Managing Member, Citrusbyte








William Belk

Co-Founder & Partner, Formula Partners; Former Head of Product, Beachmint








Yair Landau

Chairman & COO, Vadio; Former President, Mass Animation








Yarone Goren

Former Co-Founder & GM, Academy123








Zach Ware

Managing Partner, VTF Capital; Former Head of Product, Zappos.com






Work at an Amplify startup
Our portfolio includes 50+ companies from a wide variety of industries. Those companies employ hundreds of people accross LA and beyond. If you're looking for a new opportunity, let us know, we can help! Drop us your resume.

Partners







AWS









Delta 









Fenwick & West









Full Stack Finance









Microsoft





















Amplify.LA | Startup Accelerator | Los Angeles





























Amplify your startup
At Amplify, our vision is clear — help passionate technology entrepreneurs grow their startups into strong, scalable, successful companies. Our flexible curriculum is built around each founder — no mandatory schedule or recycled calendar of activities. We give you the freedom to continue doing what you do best, while we take care of the rest; we provide $50k-$200k in seed funding, access to additional capital from the right investors for your company, free workspace at our Venice campus and extensive hands-on mentorship. Our portfolio companies also benefit from a variety of free or highly discounted services including hosting, legal, banking and more. We are very hands on. We get very active. We want to see our companies succeed.


Make your move...
When you are ready to apply, please submit an investor deck below. Your deck should include information about your team, product, traction, and funding-to-date. In addition to your application, we encourage all applicants to find a mutual connection to refer you to the program. Because of the high volume of applications we receive, we can’t respond to each one individually. However, we carefully review each application and will reach out if you are a fit for the program.
While we require that at least one co-founder stay in Los Angeles for the duration of the program, we have had companies join us from many states across the country and from outside the United States.



















 Stage.. 
 Idea 
 MVP/Prototype 
 Launched 
 Revenue/Users 




Deck:    




 Location..
 Greater Los Angeles Area 
 California 
 United States 
 International 













































Patriot Capital III | Patriot Capital



































Patriot Capital III


Patriot Capital has extensive experience investing equity and debt capital into high growth companies. The following companies represent Patriot Capital III’s current Investment Portfolio:


 Structural and Steel Products
2nd Quarter 2017        
Fort Worth, Texas 
Patriot Capital has made an investment in Structural and Steel Products (“SSP” or the “Company”).  Patriot’s investment supported the acquisition of SSP by an affiliate of Highland Capital Management in partnership with the Company’s senior management team.
Structural and Steel Products, founded in 1969, is a major distributor and manufacturer of highway infrastructure and manufactured transportation and communication products. Headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, SSP manufactures and distributes products used in the highway construction end-market, including overhead sign structures, guardrails, lighting poles, high mast poles, and bridge decking. In addition, the Company manufactures tubular structures used primarily in the communication and power transmission industries.

 AFS All-American Holdings LLC (“Savannah”)
2nd Quarter 2017        
Savannah, Tennessee 
Patriot Capital has made an investment in AFS All-American Holdings LLC. AFS All-American Holdings is the holding company for two operating companies which do business as Savannah and Architectural Arts (collectively, the “Company”). Headquartered in Savannah, TN, Savannah has been a portfolio company of All-American Holdings and a platform for acquisitions of full-service fabricators of custom-made millwork, stone, and metal. Patriot’s investment, alongside senior debt from The PrivateBank, recapitalized Savannah and supported the acquisition of Architectural Arts, Inc., an Iowa-based provider of custom millwork, allowing the Company to expand its capabilities and geographic reach.
Savannah was established in 1991 as a food service millwork supplier. The Company was acquired by All-American Holdings from Standex International (NYSE: SXI) in 2014. Savannah’s solutions include custom millwork, stainless steel fabrication, and stone products which are used in a variety of end-markets including foodservice, education, and hospitality. The Architectural Arts acquisition broadens the Company’s product portfolio into high-end, specialized millwork. The acquisition also expands the Company’s customer base into the Midwest and further into end markets such as corporate offices, universities, and hospitals. Savannah is actively seeking complementary acquisitions in the Southeastern and Central United States.

 GT Technologies, Inc.
1st Quarter 2017        
Westland, Michigan 
Patriot Capital has invested subordinated debt and equity in GT Technologies, Inc. (“GT” or the “Company”).  Patriot’s investment, alongside senior debt from Bank of America, supported Industrial Opportunity Partners’ acquisition of GT in partnership with the Company’s current management team.
GT Technologies, founded in 1905, is an international supplier of custom-engineered gasoline and diesel engine valve train actuation components and assemblies to the global automotive, heavy duty truck and off-road vehicle industries. The Company’s products include rollers, roller finger followers (RFFs), hydraulic lash adjusters (HLAs), stamped rocker arms, roller tappets, and valve train actuation assemblies. The Company is headquartered in Westland, Michigan, with manufacturing and assembly operations in Toledo and Defiance, Ohio, Tallahassee, Florida and Curitiba, Brazil, and a prototype center in Millbury, Ohio.

 Dedicated Computing, LLC
4th Quarter 2016        
Waukesha, WI 
Patriot Capital has invested subordinated debt and equity in support of McNally Capital’s acquisition of Dedicated Computing, LLC.
Dedicated Computing is a Waukesha, WI based original design manufacturer (ODM) of proprietary, highly-engineered computing systems for blue-chip OEM customers in Healthcare & Life Sciences, Training & Simulation and Industrial markets.  Dedicated Computing’s systems are integrated hardware & software platforms that are optimized to meet the specific computational and performance needs of OEM applications.
Patriot’s investment aims to enable the Company’s mission of “Powering the World’s Most Important Devices”.

 Universal Aerospace Co., Inc.
4th Quarter 2016        
Arlington, WA 
Patriot Capital has invested subordinated debt and equity for the support of Strength Capital’s acquisition of Universal Aerospace Co., Inc. (“Universal”).  Universal is a value-added manufacturer of metallic components, fabrications, and assemblies for the commercial aerospace industry.
Located in Arlington, WA, Universal was founded in 1990 as a machine shop but has grown over the years to become a vertically integrated business with a broad set of capabilities.  The Company’s production capabilities include sheet metal cutting, bending, stamping and forming, machining, welding, and assembly.  The Company also has its own captive metal finishing operations. In addition to several actionable organic growth opportunities, the Universal opportunity fits well with Strength Capital’s buy and build acquisition strategy. This is the second investment that Patriot has made alongside Strength Capital.

 Union Corrugating Company
4th Quarter 2016        
Fayetteville, NC 
Patriot Capital has invested subordinated debt and equity in Union Corrugating Company (“Union” or the “Company”). Patriot’s investment, alongside senior debt from PNC Business Credit, supported Industrial Opportunity Partners’ acquisition of Union in partnership with the Company’s current management team.
Union, headquartered in Fayetteville, NC, is a manufacturer and distributor of metal roofing systems and roofing components. The Company is a leading supplier to the residential, agricultural, and commercial roofing end markets. From 11 production facilities throughout the United States, Union serves more than 1,200 commercial customers, including home centers, lumber retailers, wholesalers, and contractors.

 Advantage Engineers, LLC
4th Quarter 2016        
Mechanicsburg, PA 
Patriot has invested subordinated debt and equity in Advantage Engineers, LLC (“Advantage”), alongside management and First Capital Partners.
Founded in 2001 and based in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania, Advantage provides specialized telecommunications, environmental and geotechnical engineering and consulting services for various end markets.  Services offered include, but are not limited to, telecom site acquisition and engineering, laboratory and material testing, design and construction phase investigations and site assessments. Led by the Company’s CEO, Ed Balsavage, and COO, John McGrath, the firm is comprised of high-caliber technical professionals including engineers, geologists, scientists, construction managers, site acquisition specialists and technicians.
In conjunction with the transaction, the senior executive team at Advantage was seeking a capital partner to support its continued and accelerated growth both through acquisition as well as through de novo office and new market development. Attractive acquisition opportunities include those that would broaden Advantage’s service offering, to both existing and new customers.

 Carson-Dellosa Publishing, LLC
3rd Quarter 2016        
Greensboro, North Carolina 
Patriot has invested subordinated debt and equity in support of Guardian Capital Partners’ acquisition of Carson-Dellosa Publishing, LLC (“Carson-Dellosa”). Guardian partnered with the executive management team who will continue operating the Company going forward.
Headquartered in Greensboro, NC, Carson-Dellosa is a leading provider of K-8 supplemental education content for parents, teachers and students with an established portfolio of market-leading brands including Spectrum, Summer Bridge, Carson-Dellosa Education and others. The Company’s products are recognized for its high quality content and comprehensive educational materials. With over 35 years of experience in the consumer educational products market, the Company offers digital and print workbooks, test-prep, hands-on learning materials and classroom décor and resources to solve critical needs for parents and teachers across students’ education. Carson-Dellosa’s products are used in over 1,000 schools and can be purchased at over 10,000 retail locations in addition to its direct-to-consumer e-commerce platform.
Al Greco, CEO of Carson-Dellosa said, “Carson-Dellosa puts the highest quality products in the hands of teachers and parents for a child’s educational journey. The education market is dynamic and growing, and our Company is well positioned to take advantage of these changes.”

 Terracare Associates
2nd Quarter 2016        
Littleton, Colorado 
Patriot is pleased to announce its recent investment in Terracare Associates. In this transaction, Patriot provided subordinated debt to support the acquisition of Landscape Management Solutions, Inc (LMS) and Tierra Verde Resources, Inc. (TVRI). The LMS acquisition will broaden Terracare’s footprint in the Bay area, while the TVRI acquisition will supplement Terracare’s growing presence in the San Diego region. These acquisitions represent the third and fourth acquisitions the Terracare platform has made, and establish the combined entities as one of the largest enhancement and infrastructure maintenance providers on the west coast.
Terracare Associates is a leading provider of infrastructure outsourcing and landscape maintenance services to municipal, commercial, industrial and institutional customers. During all seasons, certified and experienced staff improves landscapes, parks, roadways, and infrastructure for safe and sustainable outdoor environments. Terracare serves customers in California, Colorado, Utah and Texas. The Company maintains long-term contractual relationships with over 600 municipalities, property owners, property managers and public agencies for landscape maintenance services.

 Metro Boiler Tube Company
2nd Quarter 2016        
Ringgold, Georgia 
Patriot Capital is pleased to announce its recent financing of Metro Boiler Tube Company, Inc. (“Metro”). With this investment, Patriot provided mezzanine financing and preferred equity to support a recapitalization of the business by Metro’s senior management team. Metro’s senior leaders each have long tenures with the company, during which they have developed deep customer relationships and operational expertise. Patriot is excited to partner with the Metro management team to support the continued growth of the business.
Established in 1989, Metro offers a full spectrum of boiler tube fabrication, cutting, and distribution, which includes press bending, welding, painting, polishing, and testing. Metro’s tubing serves a diverse group of industries in the power and industrial sectors, including utilities, pulp and paper, petrochemical, and sugar. The company has its headquarters and main operations in Ringgold, GA and also operates a facility in Gonzalez, LA.

 Avenger Flight Group
2nd Quarter 2016        
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
Patriot Capital completed an investment in Avenger Flight Group. Patriot partnered with Seacoast Capital and Avenger’s management team to provide growth capital. The investment will allow the company to expand its services and geographic reach.

Avenger Flight Group is a provider of commercial aviation simulation and training. Avenger provides simulation training to domestic and international airlines using state of the art simulators located in strategically convenient locations in Ft. Lauderdale, Las Vegas, Mexico City and now Dallas, Texas. Avenger also provides classroom training for trainers and pilots. The company is led by an experienced management focused on meeting specific customer requirements in an environment dedicated to exceeding and surpassing all expectations.

 Airco, Inc.
4th Quarter 2015        

Patriot is pleased to announce its recent investment in Airco, Inc., a portfolio company of Azalea Capital. In this transaction,  Patriot provided subordinated debt to support the continued growth of the Airco platform.
Airco Inc., based in Savannah, Georgia, is a performance-driven provider of a broad range of plant maintenance and repair services to Power Plants and Industrial manufacturers.  Airco operates in three verticals, Industrial Services, Power Services, and Welding Services, each led by industry-experienced senior managers.  The Company’s customers include world-class Utilities, power equipment OEMs, and multi-national industrial manufacturers.

 D&S Community Services
4th Quarter 2015        
Austin, Texas 

Patriot Capital is pleased to announce its recent financing of D&S Community Services (“D&S”), a portfolio company of Comvest Partners (“Comvest”). With this investment, Patriot provided mezzanine financing to support Comvest’s acquisition of the company. Patriot originally invested in D&S in 2005 and is excited to support Comvest and management in the continued growth of the business.
D&S Community Services, headquartered in Austin, Texas, is a leading provider of residential and community-based services to individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities in Texas, Tennessee, and Kentucky. Through a broad range of services – from residential and in-home support to day habilitation programs and vocational training – D&S seeks to empower individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities to realize a life of independence and self-determination.   


 Circa Corporation
4th Quarter 2015        
San Francisco, California 
Patriot Capital has invested in Circa Corporation, a portfolio company of Harren Equity Partners. Patriot Capital partnered with Harren Equity and management to complete a recapitalization of the company.
Circa Corporation is the leading designer and manufacturer of men’s and women’s private label belts, servicing premier national chain, specialty retail, and department store customers nationwide. Founded in 1967 and headquartered in San Francisco, California, Circa is differentiated by the combination of unmatched internal design expertise with advanced domestic and Asian manufacturing capabilities. The marriage of these two traits has enabled the Company to create entrenched relationships with numerous customers that extend back decades.

 Super Color Digital
3rd Quarter 2015        
Irvine, California 
Patriot Capital has provided financing, alongside Graycliff Partners, to Super Color Digital, a turnkey provider of grand-format graphics, event structures and visual solutions for Fortune 500 corporations and trade show managers. 
Super Color Digital manages the complex job of creating, designing, formatting, producing and shipping graphics and offers complete in-house design, metal fabrication and assembly capabilities. The company is headquartered in Irvine, California with additional facilities in Las Vegas, Nevada, Orlando, Florida and Dallas, Texas.

 Aztec/Shaffer, LLC
3rd Quarter 2015        
Houston, Texas 
Patriot Capital is pleased to announce a subordinated debt investment in Aztec/Shaffer, LLC, a portfolio company of Milestone Venture Group, LLC.  Aztec/Shaffer is a party and event equipment rental company with two distinct segments: Aztec Events & Tents and Shaffer Sports & Events.
Aztec Events & Tents (“Aztec”) supplies event rental items to corporate and private clients in the greater Houston area. Aztec prides itself on being a one stop shop for all of its customers’ event needs.
Shaffer Sports & Events (“Shaffer”) provides rental equipment to PGA Tour and Champions Tour events under an exclusive contract. The structures that Shaffer delivers and assembles have been helping golf fans nationwide enjoy tour events since the early 2000’s.
 

 Premium Inspection and Testing
2nd Quarter 2015        
Houston, Texas 
Patriot Capital is invested in Premium Inspection and Testing (“Premium”), a Calvert Street Capital Partners (“CSCP”) portfolio company.  On May 5, 2015, Premium acquired Quad City Testing Laboratory and Quad City Calibration (collectively, “QCTL”); Patriot provided subordinated debt and equity in support of the acquisition.
The acquisition of QCTL allows Premium, to offer a broader range of services to its customers as well as expand its presence into other geographies and end markets.  Premium is led by a world-class Board and management team including Jim Treat and Mike Cooper, two industry veterans who have successfully built and sold large inspection companies throughout their careers.
Premium, through its operating subsidiaries, Permian NDT and Quad City, provides nondestructive testing (“NDT”) and inspection services to a wide variety of safety critical industries.  In addition to NDT services, Premium provides inspection, training, and calibration services both on-site and in-house from its various operating locations in Gardendale, Borger and Longview, TX, Carlsbad, NM, Davenport, Iowa, Chicago, IL and its Headquarters in Houston, TX.
The transaction represents Patriot’s second investment alongside CSCP, as the two funds had previously invested in IOS Holdings, Inc.  Brian Guerin of CSCP noted, “Patriot was a wonderful partner in our IOS strategy and we are excited to be working with them again on Premium.”

 McClarin Plastics, LLC
1st Quarter 2015        
Hanover, PA 
Patriot Capital made a subordinated debt and equity investment in support of Blackford Capital’s merger of its existing portfolio company, Amtech Corporation, with McClarin Plastics, Inc.
Amtech Corporation, based in Wapato, WA, was acquired as a portfolio company of Blackford Capital in 2008. The company designs and manufactures custom molded fiberglass and vacuum formed products primarily for the transportation, construction and military end markets.
McClarin Plastics, founded in 1953 and based in Hanover, PA, is a manufacturer of thermoformed and fiberglass reinforced plastic components for the transportation and construction end markets. The combined business, now known as McClarin Plastics, LLC, results in a national operating platform with a stronger technical knowledge of the composites industry and engineering know-how, as well as a larger share of their overall end markets with a diversified customer portfolio.

 Arch Global Precision, LLC
4th Quarter 2014        

Patriot Capital supported Arch Global’s acquisition of a cutting tools business, JASCO, which is complementary to the existing cutting tool segment currently operated by Arch.  Arch Global Precision, LLC is a manufacturer of two distinct business lines; machined components and cutting tools.  The primary end market is the automotive industry.  Arch’s products also serve customers in the industrial, healthcare and aerospace end markets.

 Metaltec Steel Abrasive Co.
4th Quarter 2014        

Patriot is pleased to announce a subordinated debt and equity investment in Metaltec Steel Abrasive Co.  Patriot’s investment supported Corinthian Capital’s acquisition of Metaltec.
Metaltec is based in Canton, Michigan and produces cast steel abrasive products, including steel shot and steel grit, along with several niche materials that are produced as a byproduct of the grit and shot manufacturing process. Metaltec utilizes a unique casting process and is the sole North American manufacturer of its specific low-carbon shot offering.  The Company’s shot is longer-lasting and more efficiently manufactured, while its grit product is the highest quality abrasive material on the market.  Metaltec focuses on sales to small-to-medium sized accounts through a regional distributor network, and has an ability to service customers directly.  The products are utilized for ship building, steel bar drawers, pipe manufacturing and surface preparation, automotive and non-automotive foundries, farm implement manufacturers, forging industry, aluminum die casters, testing and engineering facilities, structural steel fabricators, automotive rebuilders and a number of other general industrial and infrastructure applications.
Miles & Stockbridge, P.C. acted as the legal advisor on this transaction.
 

 Carthage Specialty Paperboard, Inc.
3rd Quarter 2014        

Carthage is an existing portfolio company of Delta Point Capital, a Rochester, NY private equity firm. The historic Carthage paperboard mill is located on the banks of the Black River in the Adirondack North Country of New York state. The company was founded in 1904, and is proud to be the only secondary fiber mill in North America dedicated to serving a diverse range of markets from pulp-substitute specialty paperboard to industrial grade chipboards. Over 96% of Carthage’s paperboard products are made from 100% recycled products.
Carthage serves four primary end user markets: graphic art applications; cap closures for the pharmaceutical and food packaging industries; packaging for folding cartons and set-up boxes; and industrial for various other applications such as furniture, book covers, displays, and protective interior packaging. The Company is considered the North American industry leader in matboard and cap closures.
Patriot Capital co-invested with Pine Street Capital in Albany, NY to provide mezzanine capital to support DeltaPoint Capital’s recapitalization of Carthage.

 Horizon Mud Company, Inc.
3rd Quarter 2014        
Midland, TX 
Patriot is pleased to announce a subordinated debt investment in Horizon Mud Company, Inc. (“Horizon”). Patriot’s investment helped facilitate Horizon’s purchase of the assets of Mud Masters Group, LLC (“Mud Masters”), a strategic vendor.
Horizon, a 30 year old company headquartered in Midland, TX, is a leading provider of fluid services to E&P operators in the Permian and Eagle Ford Basins. Mud Masters, located in Belle Chasse, LA, develops and manufactures patented, non-synthetic additives to drilling fluids that permit far wider usage of less expensive and more environmentally friendly water-based drilling mud systems in lieu of traditional oil-based mud systems. The two companies have worked closely together over the past year to continue to validate market acceptance of Mud Masters’ solutions. Mud Masters’ management team and staff will continue under Horizon’s ownership.

 AAA Sales & Engineering, Inc.
2nd Quarter 2014        
Oak Creek, WI 
Patriot Capital provided subordinated debt and equity in support of Industrial Opportunity Partners’ acquisition of the production machining division of AAA Sales & Engineering, Inc. (“AAA”).
AAA, based in Oak Creek, WI, is a high precision production machiner for heavy-duty OEMs, providing other value-added services such as design, prototyping and complex assembly. The company was originally founded in 1968 and today focuses on the agriculture and industrial machinery end markets. AAA targets high volume production machined parts, primarily focusing on large, complex ferrous metal parts.

 PCN Network, Inc.
2nd Quarter 2014        
Pittsburgh, PA 
Patriot is pleased to announce a subordinated debt and equity investment in PCN Network, Inc. (“PCN”). Stonewood Capital and its affiliates partnered with senior management and Patriot Capital to purchase the assets of PCN.  PCN’s previous shareholders will also continue to hold a minority stake in the business.
PCN is headquartered in Pittsburgh and provides services to lenders, title insurance underwriters and title agents in connection with real estate mortgage transactions.  PCN’s senior management will continue to lead the company in the growth of its business and the pursuit of new product lines.

 Red River Waste Solutions
1st Quarter 2014        
Dripping Springs, TX 
Patriot Capital is proud to announce that it has partnered with the management team of Red River Waste Solutions to recapitalize the business and provide patient, long term capital in support of future growth. Patriot invested alongside Ironwood Capital in support of the existing management team, which will continue to run the operations post close.
Red River Waste Solutions is headquartered in Dripping Springs, TX and serves municipal, government, and commercial clients in seven states throughout the Southeast and Midwest. A family owned operation since its founding in 1953; Red River strives to partner with its clients to ensure that their waste hauling needs are being met in the most efficient manner possible. The Company’s emphasis on streamlined operations and continuous equipment maintenance helps minimize service disruptions and keep the communities that Red River serves clean.

 McCubbin Hosiery LLC
4th Quarter 2013        
Oklahoma City, OK 
Patriot partnered with Guardian Capital Partners and the executive team of McCubbin on this transaction. The existing managers of McCubbin will continue operating the Company going forward. Headquartered in Oklahoma City, McCubbin Hosiery LLC (www.mccubbin.com) is a leading children’s and women’s hosiery platform with extensive distribution of branded and private label socks, tights, slippers, leg warmers and infant soft sole shoes. McCubbin offers a portfolio of hosiery for footwear brands, complemented by sales of its own label and private label product. The Company’s portfolio of licenses is exclusively focused on international brands including Stride Rite®, Keds® and Robeez®. McCubbin sells through department stores, mass retailers, warehouse clubs, specialty stores and e-commerce channels.

 Orbital Tool Technologies
4th Quarter 2013        
Roscoe, IL 
Orbital Tool Technologies (“OTT”) is a single source supplier of quality in-house and on-site machining and welding services, shaft and journal repairs, fan shaft restoration and steam valve repairs for utilities and power generation clients throughout the United States. Century Turbine Repair (“Century”) provides inspection, repairs, and refurbishes stationary and rotating equipment maintenance services for steam turbines and related rotating equipment operated by major utilities, municipal power plants, and major industrial firms. The acquisition of Century will include a modern facility and highly trained staff with the expertise and capability to perform work on large turbine components (up to 50 tons in-house and 75 tons in the field), which will enable OTT to significantly expand its service offering from modifying and repairing spare parts and valves to providing turbine parts and repair services to very large steam turbine components. The additional service offerings will move the combined company from a Tier 3 to a Tier 2 supplier, opening it to new market opportunities.

 ErgoGenesis
3rd Quarter 2013        
Houston, TX 
Patriot Capital is pleased to announce that it has partnered with Freestone Partners, LLC – Houston, Texas and management to acquire the assets of ErgoGenesis, LLC. Patriot Capital provided subordinated debt and equity in support of the acquisition. ErgoGenesis, formed in 1987 and based in Navasota, Texas, manufactures and markets premium-priced, highly customizable, ergonomic chairs and a full line of ergonomic workspace accessories. The Company’s products are designed to enhance posture, alleviate pain and reduce stress on the musculoskeletal system. ErgoGenesis’ flagship seating brand is BodyBilt, which is considered the premium brand by end-users, including Fortune 1000 corporations, government agencies and individual consumers.







Portfolio

Patriot Capital III
Patriot Capital II
Patriot Capital I
Prior Companies







        © Patriot Capital
Website Design: The Rohd Group









X





KLH CAPITAL FUND III, L.P. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    KLH CAPITAL FUND III, L.P.











Company number B16000000009
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 811049480
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Partnership
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 1/13/2016
        

Principal Address
            601 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD, SUITE 850, TAMPA, 33606
            


Mailing Address 601 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD, SUITE 850, TAMPA, FL, 33606
        
KLH CAPITAL FUND III, L.P. Principals


                Klh Partners Iii Llc
                 


Address
                601 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD, SUITE 850, TAMPA, FL, 33606
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name DARNELL             JAMES         B (p)
        

Agent Address
                601 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD, SUITE 850, TAMPA, FL, 33606
                

Description
KLH CAPITAL FUND III, L.P. has been set up 1/13/2016 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The KLH CAPITAL FUND III, L.P. principal adress is 601 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD, SUITE 850, TAMPA, 33606. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 601 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD, SUITE 850, TAMPA, FL, 33606. 
The company`s registered agent is DARNELL             JAMES         B 601 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD, SUITE 850, TAMPA, FL, 33606.  
The company`s management are  - Klh Partners Iii Llc.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
KLH CAPITAL FUND II, L.P.
KLH CAPITAL GENERAL PARTNER, LLC
KLH CAPITAL, LLC
KLH CAPITAL, L.P.
KLH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
KLH CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P.
















Investment Philosophy  | Mid States Capital L.P.






















Mid States Capital L.P.
Small Business Investment Company





Search










Investment Philosophy


MidStates Capital Fund II, L.P. will invest in private companies with outstanding growth and profit potential. The investment strategy is directed to companies with revenues between $10 million and $100 million where the business valuations range from $5 million to $50 million. The Fund seeks to invest in and/or acquire privately held companies and divisions or subsidiaries of large corporations that have meaningful market share, brand, or product uniqueness and growth opportunities. With offices in Overland Park, Kansas, the Fund will be seeking acquisitions of middle market companies located primarily in the central corridor of the United States.








 MidStates Capital Fund III, L.P.
Officially licensed by the SBA on June 30, 2014
9401 Indian Creek Parkway
Suite 200
Overland Park, Kansas 66210
Office: 913-962-9007
Fax: 913-262-3509

 








 



Industrial Opportunity Partners Closes Fund III at $450 Million | Business Wire
























































Industrial Opportunity Partners Closes Fund III 
      at $450 Million






July 11, 2017 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



EVANSTON, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Operations-focused private equity firm Industrial Opportunity Partners, 
      LLC (“IOP”), of Evanston, Ill., today announced the closing of its third 
      fund, Industrial Opportunity Partners III, L.P. (“Fund III”), with $450 
      million of committed capital. IOP held a single close on June 30, 2017, 
      achieving its hard cap for Fund III after a three-month fundraising 
      process, and exceeding Fund III’s original target of $400 million. 
      Investors include university endowments, foundations, insurance 
      companies, pension plans, and funds-of-funds.
    


      Founded in 2005, IOP 
      focuses on acquiring and overseeing middle-market manufacturing and 
      value-added distribution businesses with revenues typically between $30 
      million and $350 million. IOP primarily targets North American 
      businesses with strong product, customer, and market positions.
    

      IOP is differentiated by its operating resources led by its dedicated, 
      full-time Board 
      of Operating Principals – a cadre of executives, each with over 25 
      years of experience, who guide and assist management teams in 
      stabilizing, enhancing, and growing the value of their businesses.
    

      “We are pleased to have completed raising Fund III so quickly and with 
      such strong demand,” said Kenneth M. Tallering, Senior Managing Director 
      of IOP. “We appreciate the support and confidence of our investors, and 
      we look forward to the opportunity to create value in our Fund III 
      portfolio companies.”
    

      “We believe the talents of our team continue to resonate with our 
      investors and enable IOP to pursue and create value in a broad spectrum 
      of investment situations,” said IOP Senior Managing Director Robert M. 
      Vedra. “Further, we believe that IOP’s Board of Operating Principals has 
      been a key factor in creating value in our portfolio companies and 
      providing consistency in our returns to investors.”
    

      IOP’s inaugural fund, Industrial Opportunity Partners, L.P. (“Fund I”), 
      totaled $185 million of committed capital and was raised in 2006 and 
      2007. Fund I has completed 11 platform investments, seven add-on 
      acquisitions, and seven realizations. IOP’s second fund, Industrial 
      Opportunity Partners II, L.P. (“Fund II”), totaled $275 million of 
      committed capital and was raised in 2012. Fund II has completed 11 
      platform investments, two add-on acquisitions and two realizations. The 
      portfolio companies serve a variety of end markets, including 
      transportation, construction, agriculture, building products, packaging, 
      and general industrial.
    

      Park Hill Group LLC and Sidley Austin LLP served as placement agent and 
      legal counsel, respectively, to Fund III.
    

      For more information, visit IOP’s website at http://www.iopfund.com.
    


Contacts

      Industrial Opportunity Partners, LLCKenneth M. Tallering, (847) 
      556-3462orRobert M. Vedra, (847) 556-3464
    













Release Summary
Operations-focused private equity firm Industrial Opportunity Partners, LLC (IOP), has closed its third fund, with $450 million of committed capital.






Contacts

      Industrial Opportunity Partners, LLCKenneth M. Tallering, (847) 
      556-3462orRobert M. Vedra, (847) 556-3464
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Overview  |  C3 Capital Partners, LP
























Investor Login







Investment Criteria
Investment Structure
Portfolio
Team
Contact
 




C3 provides the layer of a company’s capital structure between senior debt and common equity, commonly referred to as “mezzanine” capital. For companies with a track record of profitability that cannot obtain desired levels of bank financing, raising mezzanine capital is generally a superior alternative to raising additional common equity since mezzanine:
 

is typically 1/3 less expensive than common equity
is far less dilutive than common equity
enables existing owners to maintain control
unlike common equity, does not require a forced sale of the company at the time of repayment/redemption

 
Nothing is more important to us than our reputations. We stand by our word and are prepared to be judged by our actions. We have invested in over 60 small businesses since our firm’s founding in 1994, and we invite all potential partners to use our portfolio companies as references. Because of our backgrounds and experience, we understand the needs of small businesses, and, unlike many mezzanine funds which operate as passive investors, we enjoy taking as active a role as needed to help our portfolio businesses achieve their goals.
 
Finally, because we typically invest at least 20% in each fund we raise, we believe our interests are uniquely aligned with both our investors and the portfolio companies in which we invest, which are generally the largest assets of the entrepreneurs we support.






Overview

C3 Capital is a fund management company based in Kansas City, and with a satellite office in Phoenix.  C3 currently manages three funds (C3 Capital Partners, L.P., C3 Capital Partners II, L.P. and C3 Capital Partners III, L.P.), with approximately $460 million in assets that provide capital for businesses to finance later stage growth, strategic acquisitions, ownership transitions, and recapitalizations. The funds make $2-15 million investments in the form of subordinated debt or preferred equity in established businesses with a history of profitability. All three funds are licensed as Small Business Investment Companies. The General Partner of each fund renders all investment advisory services to the funds from their offices in Mission Woods, KS.





© 2017 C3 Capital Partners, LP. All Rights Reserved.
 SITE DESIGN BY INDICIA 
  


HOME  |  OVERVIEW  |  HISTORY  |  INVESTMENT CRITERIA  |  INVESTMENT STRUCTURE  |  PORTFOLIO   |  TEAM  |  CONTACT  |  INVESTOR LOGIN



Legal Disclaimer
The information contained on C3 Capital's website pages is for information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or an offer to sell products or services of C3 Capital and/or its subsidiaries. The products and services of C3 Capital and/or its subsidiaries are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be lawfully offered for sale and are subject to applicable agreements. Although C3 Capital believes the information on this Website to be correct and attempt to keep the information current, C3 Capital does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of any information. Information on this Website is not intended to provide financial, legal, accounting, or tax advice and should not be relied upon in that regard. C3 Capital and/or its subsidiaries are not responsible in any manner whatsoever for direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, howsoever caused, arising out of the use of this Website. 







 



Blue Wolf Capital Acquires North American Business of Tenon Limited | Business Wire


























































Blue Wolf Capital Acquires North American Business of Tenon Limited




Newly Renamed Novo Building Products, LLC Is a Leading Specialty 
      Building Products Supplier






December 05, 2016 07:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Blue Wolf Capital Partners LLC (“Blue Wolf”), the New York-based private 
      equity firm, today announced that Blue Wolf Capital Fund III, L.P., 
      through an affiliate, has acquired 100% of New Zealand-based Tenon 
      Holdings’ (“Tenon”) shares in NACS USA, Inc. (the holding company for 
      Tenon’s North American operating business). The North American holding 
      company will operate under the new name Novo Building Products, LLC.
    


      Novo Building Products is a leading manufacturer and distributor of 
      mouldings, stair parts, doors and other specialty building products 
      servicing building material dealers (lumberyards), door shops, retail 
      home centers, and millwork manufacturers throughout the United States 
      and some parts of Canada and Mexico. The North American divisions 
      include The Empire Company, Southwest Moulding Company, Ornamental 
      Mouldings, Ornamental Products, and Creative Stair.
    

      Tom B. Highley has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of Novo 
      Building Products, LLC. He is returning to the company, where he had 
      previously served as CEO of Tenon and President of its largest division 
      (Empire). Under Tom’s leadership, Tenon and Empire delivered 
      industry-leading performance in terms of revenue and profitability 
      growth from the peak of the US housing market through the trough. Most 
      recently, Tom served as President & CEO of Guardian Building Products, 
      one of the largest distributors of building products in North America.
    

      “Blue Wolf’s past experience in wood processing and specialty building 
      products distribution uniquely positions the firm to support management 
      in driving value creation strategies,” said Mr. Highley, “They 
      understand our industry and will provide us with the capital resources 
      and liquidity we need to realize the potential of our business.”
    

      “We are strong believers in Novo’s leadership team, and we expect Tom’s 
      return to provide added stability and continuity. We are confident we 
      are the right owner to support Novo in executing on the growth and 
      business transformation plan,” said Michael Ranson, Partner of Blue Wolf 
      Capital.
    

      “Spending the past several months with the company and its management 
      team have us even more excited about investing in Novo. Our goal is to 
      make Novo the industry leading manufacturer and distributor of millwork 
      and specialty building products in North America,” added Charlie Miller, 
      Partner of Blue Wolf Capital.
    

About Novo Building Products, LLC


      Founded in 2016 and headquartered in Grand Rapids, MI, Novo Building 
      Products is a wood products processing, marketing and distribution 
      business. The company sources products globally and focuses on the 
      high-value moulding and millwork markets in North America. Novo is a key 
      supplier of finished mouldings and boards to independent pro dealers and 
      two of the largest home improvement chains in the United States: Lowe’s 
      and the Home Depot.
    

About Blue Wolf Capital Partners


      Blue Wolf Capital Partners LLC is a private equity firm that specializes 
      in control investments in middle market companies. Leading by 
      experience, and with a commitment to excellence, Blue Wolf transforms 
      companies strategically, operationally and collaboratively. Blue Wolf 
      manages challenging situations and complex relationships between 
      business, customers, employees, unions, and regulators to build value 
      for stakeholders. For additional information, please visit www.bluewolfcapital.com.
    




Contacts

      For Blue Wolf Capital Partners LLCOwen Blicksilver Public 
      Relations, Inc.Caroline Luz, 203-656-2829caroline@blicksilverpr.com









Release Summary
Blue Wolf Capital Acquires North American Business of Tenon Limited






Contacts

      For Blue Wolf Capital Partners LLCOwen Blicksilver Public 
      Relations, Inc.Caroline Luz, 203-656-2829caroline@blicksilverpr.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















About Us - Hancock Park Associates








Home | Contact Us




About Us


Team

Los Angeles
Houston
Advisory Board




Investment Overview

Focus
Approach




Portfolio

HPII >>

Current investment
Realized Investment


HPIII >>

Current investment
Realized investment






News





About Us
The Partnership's investment activities and operations are led by four partners out of the Los Angeles office. These individuals are supported by two additional investment professionals, an in-house general counsel, and a vice president of finance, all located in Los Angeles. In late 2006, HPA established a Houston, Texas office with two new investment professionals to expand the capacity and geographic footprint of the firm, while also increasing portfolio monitoring capabilities.

HPA is currently investing out of Hancock Park Capital III, L.P., a $256 million institutional fund, which was established in 2005 with the objective of providing attractive returns for our partners through focused investments in smaller companies. This fund followed Hancock Park Capital II, L.P., our first institutional fund of $156 million, raised during 2002.



Copyright © 2017. Hancock Park Associates. All Rights Reserved.











CITIC Capital Partners wraps up Japan buyout fund - PE Hub

























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































CITIC Capital Partners wraps up Japan buyout fund


February 6, 2017
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
CITIC Capital Partners wraps up Japan buyout fund
CITIC Capital Partners has closed its third oversubscribed Japan buyout fund at a hard cap of JPY30 billion or $267 million, beating its initial target of JPY25 billion (approximately $222 million). CITIC Capital Japan Partners III's limited partners included sovereign wealth fund, financial institutions, pension fund and fund–of-funds.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















CITIC Capital Partners has closed its third oversubscribed Japan buyout fund at a hard cap of JPY30 billion or $267 million, beating its initial target of JPY25 billion (approximately $222 million). CITIC Capital Japan Partners III’s limited partners included sovereign wealth fund, financial institutions, pension fund and fund–of-funds.
PRESS RELEASE
(Tokyo, 6 February 2017) CITIC Capital Partners Limited (“CITIC Capital Partners” or “CCP”), the private equity arm of CITIC Capital Holdings Limited (“CITIC Capital”), is pleased to announce the final closing of its third Japan buyout fund (“CITIC Capital Japan Partners III, L.P.” or “CCJP III”) at its hard cap of JPY30 billion.
The amount raised is well beyond the initial target of JPY25 billion as the fund was practically oversubscribed relative to the hard cap due to significant demand from existing and new investors. In an oversubscribed fundraise, the fund attracted both Japanese and non-Japanese institutional investors, including sovereign wealth fund, financial institutions, pension fund and fund–of-funds.
Mr. Yichen ZHANG, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of CITIC Capital, stated: “We are delighted by the strong support we received from both existing and new investors. Their support is a recognition of our success in establishing a strong franchise in the Japan PE market, and a validation of the tremendous investment opportunity presented by Japanese companies requiring backing in their international expansion, and our deep network of China relationships. We look forward to expanding our Japan franchise through CCJP III.” 





Mr. Hironobu NAKANO, head of CITIC Capital Partners’ Japan operations, said: “Over the past twelve years we have been steadily accumulating our unique experiences in helping Japanese companies to successfully increase their corporate values by leveraging our China value-add capability. Based on our track record, we are very happy to see the final closing of CCJP III with a wider variety of sophisticated institutional investors.”
CCP launched its first Japan buyout fund in 2004 and since then has been an active player in the Japan PE market sponsoring the growth of mid-sized portfolio companies with its unique China angle and resources. Through the last two funds, the maiden fund of JPY 16.9 billion (launched in 2004) and its successor fund of JPY 18.2 billion (launched in 2010), CCP has successfully helped a number of Japanese companies in the manufacturing, retail and logistic sectors, all of which have generated strong returns for its investors.
The third fund has already made three investments to date and CCP is looking to make approximately 10 investments in total, focusing on consumer goods and services, in addition to manufacturing. These sectors are expected to benefit from strong growth in China arising from a structural transformation of its economy into a domestic consumption-driven one.
CCJP III made its first investment with MARK STYLER Co., Ltd., a leading young women’s apparel company. It operates over 170 direct stores across Japan with an e-commerce portal and considers foreign expansion into China a major growth driver together with further enhancement of its domestic business. 





CCJP III also purchased Akakura Co., Ltd., a women’s footwear retailing company, through its civil rehabilitation proceedings, and is now leading its revitalization process to grow again.
The most recent investment by CCJP III is a diagnostic drug company which is one of the leading players in the Japanese market. The company believes China/Asia will be a huge market with a growing demand for quality products and solutions to combat infection diseases.
CITIC Capital Partners is strongly committed to supporting the management teams and employees of the companies it acquires, and to unlocking their corporate values further through improvement and expansion of business operation both in the domestic and overseas markets.
About CITIC Capital Holdings Limited
Founded in 2002, CITIC Capital Holdings Limited, is an alternative investment management and advisory company. The firm manages over USD18.7 billion of capital from a diverse group of international institutional investors. Core businesses include Private Equity, Real Estate, Structured Investment & Finance, and Asset Management.
CITIC Capital Holdings currently employs over 200 staff members throughout its offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Tokyo and New York.
For more information, visit: www.citiccapital.com
About CITIC Capital Partners Limited
CITIC Capital Partners Limited, the private equity arm of CITIC Capital Holdings Limited, operates in China, the US and Japan, and currently manages USD 4.5billion of committed capital on behalf of over 60 international investors. CITIC Capital Partners’ funds invest globally and work with management teams to help companies realize their full potential. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
CITIC Capital Partners wraps up Japan buyout fund
CITIC Capital Partners has closed its third oversubscribed Japan buyout fund at a hard cap of JPY30 billion or $267 million, beating its initial target of JPY25 billion (approximately $222 million). CITIC Capital Japan Partners III's limited partners included sovereign wealth fund, financial institutions, pension fund and fund–of-funds.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 





























