


A-PCB-14-FUND, A SERIES OF ANGELLIST-THTE-FUNDS, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      A-PCB-14-FUND, A SERIES OF ANGELLIST-THTE-FUNDS, LLC
                    

•   SALT LAKE CITY, UT
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             A-pcb-14-fund, A Series OF Angellist-thte-funds is based out of Salt Lake City.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2015-09-16. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from A-PCB-14-FUND, A SERIES OF ANGELLIST-THTE-FUNDS, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




a-pcb-14-fund, a series of angellist-thte-funds, llc


PO BOX 171305

SALT LAKE CITY
UT
                                                        
                                                    84117


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      8017133508







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 09/16/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2015-09-16
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
307,997
307,997
0




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




JENS   BEYRICH

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JEREMY   NEILSON

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



LLC   ASSURE FUND MANAGEMENT,

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 













 







A-PCB-14-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Assure Fund Management,  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









A-PCB-14-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2150 S 1300 E Suite 360  
    Salt Lake City, UT, 84106Phone: 8017133508 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2015-09-16


New


$307,997


$307,997


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Llc Assure Fund Management, 
 Director 


 Jens Beyrich 
 Executive 


 Jeremy Neilson 
 Executive 












A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC $258,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC $258,000 Financing
A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC just submitted form D announcing $258,000 financing.  This is a new filing. A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC was able to sell $258,000. That is 100% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $258,000. The financing was made by 44 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $1,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-01-07. A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC is based in  PO BOX 171305  SALT LAKE CITY 84117. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  LLC Assure Fund Management.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001662433




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2015


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2150 S 1300 E Suite 360

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


SALT LAKE CITY
UTAH
84106
8017133508


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Assure Fund Management
LLC


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

PO Box 171305

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Salt Lake City
UTAH
84117



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Issuer's Manager


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Neilson
Jeremy


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

PO Box 171305

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Salt Lake City
UTAH
84117



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Managing Director of the Issuer's Manager


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Beyrich
Jens


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

PO Box 171305

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Salt Lake City
UTAH
84117



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of the Issuer's Manager
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





  
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


X
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2015-12-23

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$1,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$258,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$258,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
44


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$8,000

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
This amount represents a one time fixed cost to cover fund organizational and operating expenses, including all regulatory filing fees.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC
Jens Beyrich
Jens Beyrich
Manager of the Issuer's Manager
2016-01-07


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-01-07New Form D$258,000$258,0000$1,0004406b 3C 3C.1[view]
A-FJG-16-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC List of ExecutivesJens Beyrich, Jeremy Neilson, LLC Assure Fund Management











Last visited: BRS VENTURES, LLC, BRP II, LP, BRP II, LP, BRYN MAWR CAPITAL LP, BRYN MAWR OFFSHORE FUND LTD

								© 
							













 

A-kzn-21-fund A Series Of Angellist-thte-funds Llc raised $508,000 on April 14th, 2016































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/418233-a-kzn-21-fund-a-series-of-angellist-thte-funds-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=418233  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


A-kzn-21-fund A Series Of Angellist-thte-funds Llc raised $508,000 on April 14th, 2016.Get alertedif A-kzn-21-fund A Series Of Angellist-thte-funds Llc gets funded!Amount:$508,000Company:A-kzn-21-fund A Series Of Angellist-thte-funds LlcInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesUtahSalt Lake CityKey people:LLC Assure Fund Management (Director) Jens Beyrich (Executive Officer) Jeremy Neilson (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - A-KZN-21-Fund, a series of AngelList-ThTe-Funds, LLC (0001671900) (Filer)Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P.  Funding details


SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001470793Address: LEVEL 15, NEXXUS BUILDING 41 CONNAUGHT ROAD CENTRAL 00000Phone number: 1-345-945-3727



Latest news
SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P. raised $41,500,000 from 17 investors on 2009-08-26.



SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2009-08-26New Form DIndefinite$41,500,000Indefinite$500,0001706[SEC Filing]
SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P. raised $41,500,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P.
Key People in SSG Capital Partners I Feeder, L.P.:

N/A SSG Capital Partners I GPGP, LTD.Nigel SteadWilliam JonesChing Wong
Similar companiesSSGI, INC., SSG Interests, Ltd, SSG Capital Partners II, L.P., SSG Capital Partners III, L.P., SSG Secured Lending Opportunities I, L.P., SSG Capital Partners IV, L.P., SSG Secured Lending Opportunities II, L.P.








Last visited companies: JIMMYASH LLC, Jericho Capital Partners L.P., LAM AVIATION, INC., LANSDOWNE EUROPEAN LONG ONLY FEEDER FUND LTD., LKCM Investment Partnership II, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.














 





ANGELLIST, LLC (“AngelList”) and ANGELLIST ADVISORS, LLC


















































Skip to main content






Menu








About

Our RoleOur StructureGovernanceAccountabilityInternational ActivitiesDealing with the OSCCareersContact Us



Securities Law & Instruments

LegislationInstruments, Rules & PoliciesProposed Instruments, Rules & PoliciesOSC BulletinElectronic FilingOrders, Rulings & Decisions



Proceedings

Before the CommissionBefore the CourtsCease Trade Orders



News & Events

News ReleasesSpeeches & EventsMedia RoomOSC in the CommunityReports and PublicationsOSC Dialogue 2016



Investors

OSC's RoleThe Investor OfficeInvestor Advisory PanelCheck Before You InvestInvestor WarningsLearning About InvestingTools & ResourcesQuestions & Complaints



Industry

CompaniesDealers, Advisers and Investment Fund ManagersInvestment Funds & Structured ProductsMarketplaces, SROs & Clearing AgenciesDerivatives ParticipantsIndustry Resources












Search Box










Twitter


LinkedIn


Youtube


Email Alerts


Rss Feeds



Français







Home / Securities Law & Instruments / Orders, Rulings & Decisions / 2017 / ANGELLIST, LLC (“AngelList”) and ANGELLIST ADVISORS, LLC




            
            
            
            Securities Law & Instruments
            
            
        









Hide Section Menu   ×






Legislation





Legislative Reviews









Instruments, Rules & Policies







Proposed Instruments, Rules & Policies







OSC Bulletin







Electronic Filing





Registrant Forms and Documents







Reporting Issuer and Issuer Forms









Orders, Rulings & Decisions












  Section Menu




PDF Version


IN THE MATTER OF

THE SECURITIES LEGISLATION
OF ONTARIO
(the “Jurisdiction”)


AND


IN THE MATTER OF
THE PROCESS FOR EXEMPTIVE RELIEF
APPLICATIONS IN MULTIPLE JURISDICTIONS


AND


IN THE MATTER OF
ANGELLIST, LLC (“AngelList”) and ANGELLIST ADVISORS, LLC
(“ALA”, collectively with AngelList, the “Filers”)


DECISION 


Headnote
CSA Regulatory Sandbox initiative -- Application for relief from certain registrant obligations contained in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (NI 31-103) and from the prospectus requirement in the Legislation -- Filers proposing to operate novel online platform for accredited investors with experience in venture capital and angel investing and start-ups that primarily operate in the technology sector -- relief granted subject to certain terms and conditions set out in the decision -- decision is time-limited to allow the firm to operate in a test environment and will expire in two years -- decision may be amended on written notice to the Filers -- decision is based on the unique facts and circumstances of the Filers and is made on a time-limited, test case basis. Prior Ontario-only exemptive relief decision is repealed effective as of the date of this decision.
Applicable Legislative Provisions
Statutes Cited
Securities Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. S.5, as am., ss. 53, 74, 144.
Instrument Cited
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations, ss. 12.10(2), 13.2(2)(c)(i), 13.3, 13.16, 14,2(2)(i), (j) and (k), 15.1 and Division 5.
March 27, 2017
IN THE MATTER OF THE SECURITIES LEGISLATION OF ONTARIO (the "Jurisdiction") AND IN THE MATTER OF THE PROCESS FOR EXEMPTIVE RELIEF APPLICATIONS IN MULTIPLE JURISDICTIONS AND IN THE MATTER OF ANGELLIST, LLC ("AngelList") and ANGELLIST ADVISORS, LLC ("ALA", collectively with AngelList, the "Filers")
DECISION
Background
The Filers operate an online platform that offers a number of services to start-up businesses that operate primarily in the technology sector (Start-ups), including services to facilitate venture capital and angel investing in Start-ups that meet certain criteria. All investors on the platform must qualify as an accredited investor (as defined in Canadian securities legislation) (Accredited Investors) and must also have prior experience in venture capital and angel investing, such that they have an understanding of the risks of investing in Start-ups through the platform.
In conjunction with ALA's application for registration in all of the provinces of Canada, ALA is seeking relief from certain requirements under the securities legislation of the Jurisdiction of the principal regulator (the Legislation). This decision (the Decision) has been considered in the context of the CSA Regulatory Sandbox (as defined below) initiative and is made on a time-limited, test case basis. This Decision is based on the unique facts and circumstances of the Filers.
ALA is currently registered in Ontario as a restricted dealer. The Filers previously applied for and received exemptive relief from the prospectus requirement in a decision of the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) (the Prior Commission Decision) and from certain registrant obligations in a decision of the Director (the Prior Director Decision) dated October 24, 2016 (together, the Prior Ontario decision) on terms substantially similar to this Decision.
Relief from registrant obligations
1. The Filers have applied for exemptive relief pursuant to section 15.1 of National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (NI 31-103) for ALA from the following:

(a) the requirement in subsection 12.10(2) [Audited financial statements] of NI 31-103 that the annual financial statements delivered to the regulator must be audited (the audited financial statement requirement);
(b) the requirement in subparagraph 13.2(2)(c)(i) [Know-your-client] of NI 31-103 that a registrant must take reasonable steps to ensure that it has sufficient information regarding the client's investment needs and objectives (the know-your-client requirement);
(c) the requirement in section 13.3 [Suitability] of NI 31-103 that a registrant must take reasonable steps to ensure that, before it makes a recommendation to or accepts an instruction from a client to buy or sell a security, the purchase or sale is suitable for the client (the suitability requirement);
(d) the requirement in section 13.16 of NI 31-103 [dispute resolution service] that a registered firm have a certain dispute resolution service provider (the dispute resolution requirements); and
(e) the requirement to deliver the disclosure and reporting requirements in paragraphs 14.2(2)(i), (j), and (k) [Relationship Disclosure Information] and Division 5 [Reporting to clients] of Part 14 of NI 31-103 (the disclosure and reporting requirements) (together with the preceding paragraphs, referred to as the Registrant Obligations Relief Sought),

provided that ALA ensures only Quality Investors (as defined below) access the Restricted Services (as defined below) and registration is limited to two years from the date of this Decision.
Prospectus Relief
2. ALA has applied for an exemption from the prospectus requirement in connection with distributions by an SPE (as defined below) to Quality Investors (as defined below) who acquire securities of SPEs through the platform (as described in this Decision) (the Prospectus Relief Sought).
Repeal and replacement of OSC decision
3. The Filers have applied, pursuant to s. 144 of the Securities Act (Ontario) (the Act), to repeal the Prior Ontario decision effective as of the date of this Decision (the Ontario Relief Sought).
The principal regulator in the Jurisdiction has received an application from the Filers for a decision under the securities legislation of the Jurisdiction (the Legislation) for the Registrant Obligations Relief Sought, the Prospectus Relief Sought and the Ontario Relief Sought.
Under the Process for Exemptive Relief Applications in Multiple Jurisdictions (for a passport application):

(a) the OSC (Principal Regulator) is the principal regulator for this application; and
(b) the Filers have provided notice that subsection 4.7(1) of Multilateral Instrument 11-102 Passport System (MI 11-102) is intended to be relied upon in each of the other provinces of Canada.

Interpretation
1. For the purposes of this Decision:

(a) Approved Incubator Program means an incubator, accelerator, Technology Transfer Office or similar organization that meets all of the following criteria:

a. has a program for Start-ups and the program has been delivered for at least two years;
b. receives funding from (A) a federal, state, provincial/territorial, or municipal government or a crown corporation or a government-owned corporation or authority, or (B) an accredited university or college;
c. has a competitive application process with clear criteria to select Start-ups for the program;
d. reviews the founders and other key individuals involved in the Start-up to ensure they meet the criteria for admission into the program;
e. provides entrepreneurial advice and mentorship support over a reasonable period of time; and
f. in respect of which ALA has received the approval from staff of the securities regulatory authority in the local jurisdiction in which the incubator program is based that the organization qualifies as an "Approved Incubator Program".

(b) Credible Investor means an investor that meets one of the following criteria:

a. a Venture Capital Fund that has at least $10 million in assets under management; or
b. an individual investor who has led or participated in at least five investments in a Start-up, of which at least two of those Start-ups have completed a Successful Liquidity or Financing Event; or
c. is an Experienced Founder.

(c) CSA Regulatory Sandbox means an initiative of the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) to review new and innovative technology-focused or digital business models. The objective of this initiative is to facilitate the ability of those businesses to use innovative products, services and applications, while ensuring appropriate investor protection.
(d) Eligible Canadian Start-up means a Start-up that is operating from or doing business in Canada where either a. or b. applies:

a. (i) the start-up is incorporated or organized under the laws of Canada or any jurisdiction of Canada, (ii) the head office of the start-up is located in Canada, and (iii) at least 25% of the directors and 25% of the Executive Officers or founders of the start-up (or at least one director and one Executive Officer or founder, if there are less than four directors and less than four Executive Officers or founders, respectively) reside in Canada; or
b. at least 25% of the consolidated payroll of the Start-up and its subsidiaries is for employees and consultants who reside in Canada.

(e) Executive Officer means an individual who is:

a. a chair, vice-chair, or president,
b. a vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division or function including sales, finance, production, technology or engineering, or
c. performing a policy-making function in respect of the issuer.

(f) Experienced Founder means a founder of a Start-up who has:

a. management, product or engineering experience, typically with the title of "director" or equivalent, at a large technology company (500+ plus employees), or
b. co-founded, or served at the vice-president level or above of (in either case, with executive responsibilities), a Start-up that has achieved a Successful Liquidity or Financing Event.

(g) Quality Investor means an Accredited Investor who has been determined by ALA's procedures, as described in paragraphs 58 to 60, to have sufficient experience in venture capital and angel investing.
(h) Successful Liquidity or Financing Event means:

a. an initial public offering (IPO);
b. an acquisition of all or substantially all the securities or assets of the Start-up; or
c. the completion of a follow-on round or "up round" of venture capital or angel financing for the Start-up involving external investors to the Start-up at that time, at a valuation in excess of the Start-up's previous round of financing or that triggered the automatic conversion of previously issued debt or equity securities. (For example, a Series Seed round to a Series A round.)

(i) Technology Transfer Office means an office at a university with an academic research program or at a research institute that is established to handle the intellectual property and licensing rights for faculty and student investors.
(j) Venture Capital Fund means:

a. In the United States (U.S.), shall mean a "venture capital fund" as defined in Rule 203(l)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; and
b. In Canada, a venture capital fund that focusses primarily on venture capital or angel investing, and that is a non-individual permitted client.


2. Terms used in this Decision that are defined in the Act, National Instrument 14-101 Definitions (NI 14-101), National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (NI 31-103) and MI 11-102 and not otherwise defined in the Decision, shall have the same meaning as in the Act, NI 14-101, or MI 11-102 as applicable, unless the context otherwise requires.
Representations
This Decision is based on the following facts represented by the Filers:

The Filers
3. ALA is registered as a restricted dealer in Ontario and has applied for registration as a restricted dealer in each other province of Canada.
4. ALA is a limited liability company formed under the laws of the state of Delaware. ALA is a subsidiary of AngelList, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the state of Delaware. A minority interest in ALA is held by AngelList EI, LLC (which is wholly-owned by employees of ALA or ALA's affiliates). The head offices of the Filers are in San Francisco, California, United States of America.
5. ALA is an "exempt reporting adviser" in the U.S. ALA relies on an exemption from SEC investment adviser registration requirements under sections 203(l) [venture capital fund adviser exemption] of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and related rules. As an exempt reporting adviser, ALA is subject to oversight by the SEC, including the requirement to pay fees to the SEC, to report annually certain information to the SEC and to have policies regarding the dissemination of material, non-public information and anti-fraud measures. ALA is also subject to review by the SEC.
6. The Filers are not registered as broker-dealers with the SEC under U.S. federal securities laws. The Filers rely on a no action letter issued to them by the SEC dated March 28, 2013 regarding the scope of their permitted activities in the U.S. without registering as broker-dealers in accordance with section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Filers also rely on the no action letter issued to FundersClub Inc. and FundersClub Management LLC by the SEC dated March 26, 2013 with respect to their activities as an exempt reporting adviser. The Filers also rely on section 201(c) of the JOBS Act.
7. AngelList Ltd., an affiliate of the Filers, is authorized by the Financial Conduct Authority to carry on the following limited regulated activities in the United Kingdom: arranging (bringing about) deals in investments, dealing in investments as agent, and making arrangements with a view to transactions in investments. Through a passport process, AngelList Ltd. is permitted to carry out its permitted activities to countries in the European Economic Area.
8. The Filers wish to offer certain of the services (as described below) to issuers and investors in Canada. As these services will involve the facilitation of trades in securities of issuers to Quality Investors for the purposes of venture capital and angel investing, ALA is registered as a restricted dealer in Ontario and wishes to become registered as a restricted dealer in each other province of Canada.
9. The Filers are seeking the Prospectus Relief Sought and the Registrant Obligations Relief Sought to allow Quality Investors and issuers resident in other Canadian provinces to access the Restricted Services (as defined below).
10. The Filers are not in default of securities legislation in any jurisdiction of Canada, subject to the matter to which this Decision relates. The Filers are in compliance in all material respects with U.S. and U.K. securities laws.
11. The Filers do not currently prepare financial statements that are audited. During the two year period to which this Decision relates, the Filers will be working towards providing the Principal Regulator with annual financial statements audited in accordance with U.S. generally acceptable accounting principles and standards.
Services
Public Services
12. AngelList operates an online networking website (the Platform) that allows start-ups, accelerators, incubators, angel investors and other individuals in the start-up sector (together, the Participants) to connect with each other and to raise their profile in the start-up community. The Platform is primarily aimed at technology or technology-enabled Start-ups.
13. Any Participant can post a profile on the Platform that contains general information about itself, including, as applicable, its products or services, and its management team (a Profile). A Profile is publicly available to anyone accessing the Platform. A Start-up may also post confidential information and grant access only to certain Participants.
14. After setting up a Profile, a Participant may request a connection by visiting another Participant's profile (the Connection Services). AngelList will confirm the relationship between the Participants. A verified connection is required in order for a Participant to send other Participants a message or request an introduction to other Participant's connections.
15. Any Start-up can also post job openings on the Platform and seek applicants from Participants on the Platform for such job openings (the Recruiting Services) (together with the Connection Services, the Public Services).
Restricted Area and Restricted Services
16. The Platform includes a password protected area (the restricted area). Participants must apply to enter the restricted area, and ALA only permits Accredited Investors to enter the restricted area.
17. Once Participants have been approved for access to the restricted area, they may further apply to access certain services, which are referred to below as Restricted Services. ALA only permits Quality Investors to access the Restricted Services. Based on the Filers' experience in the United States, approximately 30% of U.S. accredited investors that apply to access the Restricted Services meet ALA's Quality Investor standard and are approved to use the Restricted Services.
18. The Restricted Services consist of the following:

a. ALA allows both Start-ups and Lead Investors (as defined below) the ability to raise money for a specific Start-up by forming a syndicate of investors through the Platform (the Syndicate Services).
b. ALA provides a transaction update email to Quality Investors. ALA has an algorithm that uses objective criteria to identify Start-ups seeking to raise capital from a syndicate of investors and provides a list of these Start-ups to Quality Investors who request this information.
c. ALA offers a program for Quality Investors who plan to invest over USD$600,000 through the Platform (the Professional Investor Program). Under this program, ALA introduces these Quality Investors to Start-ups that do not wish to make it known publicly that they are raising capital through a syndicate.

19. In the U.S., accredited investors who are not Quality Investors may invest in diversified funds created by ALA (referred to as Funds) that invest in a wide variety of syndicates on the Platform. ALA is seeking registration only as a restricted dealer. ALA may, at a later date, wish to offer Canadian investors the opportunity to invest in the Funds. Prior to allowing Canadian investors the opportunity to invest in the Funds, ALA will apply for and obtain registration as required by the Principal Regulator and regulators in other Canadian jurisdictions.
Services to be Offered in Canada
20. AngelList proposes to make the Public Services available to participants.
21. ALA proposes to make the Syndicate Services available to:

a. Start-ups and Lead Investors (described below), and
b. Quality Investors,

subject to certain restrictions set out below.
22. ALA will make the Professional Investor Program available to Quality Investors who qualify as a "permitted client" as defined in section 1.1 of NI 31-103.
Syndicate Services
23. Syndicates can be formed by the founder or management of a Start-up itself or by an investor who is investing in a single Start-up, who wishes to make this investment opportunity available to other investors (co-investors) on the same terms and conditions, and who has been reviewed and approved by ALA as described in paragraphs 62 to 69 (a Lead Investor). Each syndicate only invests in securities of a single Start-up (a syndicate).
24. A Start-up or Lead Investor requests approval from ALA to establish the syndicate.
25. ALA reviews the request from the Start-up or Lead Investor and determines whether to allow the Start-up or Lead Investor to form a syndicate. In reviewing a request to form a syndicate, ALA reviews the Start-up for the following features:

a. Whether the Start-up is a growth-oriented technology or technology-enabled company that has the potential to develop into a large stand-alone business;
b. Whether the Start-up is focused on a product or service that will provide social, economic or environmental benefits or that is likely to meet a strong market demand; and
c. Whether, in ALA's opinion, the Start-up is likely to appeal to Quality Investors.

26. ALA will not permit reporting issuers or any public company in any other jurisdiction to form a syndicate on the Platform.
27. If ALA grants approval to form a syndicate, the Start-up or the Lead Investor, as applicable, completes and posts an investor note (the investor note) about the syndicate on the restricted area of the Platform. The investor note contains factual information about the proposed capital raise, the Start-up to be invested in, any co-investors, the risks associated with investing in the Start-up, past financing of the Start-up, and other key investment terms and conditions.
28. Interested Quality Investors may conduct due diligence on the Lead Investor and/or the Start-up. Quality Investors use their own judgement whether to invest in a syndicate.
29. Neither ALA nor the Lead Investor nor the Start-up:

a. provide specific recommendations or advice to particular Quality Investors about the suitability of an investment in a Start-up through an SPE (as defined below); or
b. recommend or solicit any particular purchase or sale by a Quality Investor of an SPE's (as defined below) securities.

30. Interested Quality Investors may submit non-binding requests for additional information through the Platform to either the Start-up or Lead Investor about the Start-up that is being syndicated.
31. If there is sufficient interest to proceed with closing a syndicate investment, ALA establishes a special purpose entity (SPE) to accept the funds from committed investors and to acquire the Start-up's securities. The SPE formed to invest in the Start-up is required under U.S. securities law to have 99 or fewer investors. For investments in Eligible Canadian Start-ups, for tax reasons Canadian investors may be aggregated into a parallel Canadian SPE. The parallel Canadian SPE will otherwise invest on identical terms and conditions to a standard SPE.
32. ALA has engaged an arms' length consulting and fund administration firm (the SPE Manager) to provide administrative services in relation to the SPEs. On behalf of ALA, the SPE Manager handles the formation and organization of each SPE, certain closing procedures for the syndicate investments, securities filings, ongoing administration, and winding up the SPE where applicable.
33. The first time a Quality Investor invests with a syndicate, prior to closing of that syndicate, the Quality Investor is asked to confirm his or her interest in investing in Start-ups generally, and to acknowledge a series of risk warnings including warnings as to risk of total loss of the investment, illiquidity of the securities and dilution risk, and the need for the Quality Investor to conduct his or her own due diligence on the Start-up. Detailed risk warning acknowledgements are not obtained from Quality Investors on subsequent investments; however, certain risks are acknowledged upon each Quality Investor's acceptance of the provisions of the Closing Documents (as defined below).
34. For each syndicate, prior to closing that syndicate, the Quality Investor is also asked to reconfirm its accredited investor status. If a Quality Investor indicates that its status has changed such that it is no longer an accredited investor, the investor is not permitted to invest with the syndicate and is not permitted to access the restricted area of the Platform. Quality Investors electronically agree to and sign the SPE's closing documents on the Platform and are provided with wire instructions for their investment amounts.
35. After a Quality Investor commits to making an investment with a syndicate, the Quality Investor receives the following documents: the SPE's operating or limited partnership agreement, the SPE's private placement memorandum, the subscription or purchase agreement for the purchase of securities of the SPE, an investor statement (which is a screen confirming how much the Quality Investor invested in the SPE and the corresponding investment by the SPE in the Start-up as of the specific date), a signature certificate (which is a screen showing the investor that documents have been digitally signed and a digital fingerprint provided for security reasons) and the investor note (collectively, the Closing Documents). The SPE Manager will retain the Closing Documents for eight years.
36. Either the Filers or SPE Manager will deliver electronically to the securities regulatory authority of each jurisdiction of Canada where a distribution occurs, any of the Closing Documents that constitute an offering memorandum (as defined under the Legislation). The Filers will inform the Start-up that the Start-up must deliver electronically to the securities regulatory authority of each jurisdiction of Canada where a distribution occurs a copy of any document that constitutes an offering memorandum (as defined under the Legislation) that has not already been delivered by the Filers or SPE Manager.
37. Prior to closing a syndicate, ALA uses a third party service (such as Blockscore or Jumio) to verify the identity of each Quality Investor. ALA also runs anti-money laundering and terrorist financing checks. The verification process and anti-money laundering and terrorist financing checks are performed on both individual and non-individual Quality Investors (entities). For non-individual Quality Investors, the Filers contact the investor by email to determine the identity of the individual principal(s) of the Quality Investor. AML and terrorist financing checks are performed through a politically exposed person (PEP) list and/or Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) list search. Similar verification processes and checks will be performed for Canadian investors.
38. ALA conducts a review of each Start-up's constating documents and Closing Documents to ensure they are consistent with the information in the Profile and the investor note, the results of any background checks and any accompanying materials or information provided to it by an investor, the Lead Investor and/or the Start-up and determines if the Closing Documents are complete, consistent and not misleading. If it appears to ALA that the Closing Documents are incomplete, inconsistent or misleading, ALA will require the Closing Documents to be corrected, made complete, or clarified.
39. Neither the Filers nor the SPE holds, handles or controls any investor or Start-up funds. The funds are held by and deposited in a single trust account that has been established by a FDIC-member U.S. bank in the name of the bank for the benefit of investors investing through the Platform. The Filers do not intermingle their own monies in this account.
40. Once all expected funds have been received by the bank, the bank notifies ALA. ALA then issues advice to the bank to initiate funds transfer to the Start-up.
41. All Quality Investors in the syndicate are e-mailed to inform them that the SPE investment, and the investment by the SPE in the Start-up, is finalized and to provide them with a copy of the final Closing Documents.
42. The Filers will utilize the same bank and procedures for investments in Eligible Canadian Start-ups completed on the Platform. Although initially the Platform will only support transactions denominated in U.S. dollars, the Filers plan to support transactions in Canadian dollars and utilize Canadian banking services as required for transactions in Canadian dollars.
43. Quality Investors have access to an individual account on the Platform where they may view information about the transaction and access copies of the Closing Documents. The Closing Documents will be retained and made available to Quality Investors through the Platform for at least eight years.
44. For their role in a syndicate, ALA and the Lead Investor will only receive compensation equal to a portion of the increase in value, if any, of the investment as calculated at the termination of the investment in the SPE (the Carried Interest), and will not receive any transaction-based compensation. None of the Filers, the Lead Investor, nor any of their officers or directors receive any other form of commission or transaction-based compensation related to the Restricted Services, including the Syndicate Services.
45. ALA requires that each investor in a syndicate pay a portion of the costs associated with the closing of the syndicate investment (such as legal fees) in proportion to the investor's investment.
46. Neither the syndicate nor the SPE borrows funds from investors or the public for any reason. The syndicate, the SPE and the Filers do not loan money or extend margin to investors that wish to invest in a Start-up as part of a syndicate.
47. The Filers do not facilitate any secondary trading of previously issued securities, whether originally issued to the members of a syndicate or otherwise.
48. From the date of the OSC decision to the date of this Decision, seven Start-ups have raised capital from a syndicate on the platform in reliance on the Prior Ontario Decision. The Filers are in compliance with all of the terms and conditions of the Prior Ontario Decision.
Professional Investor Program
49. ALA is involved with a number of syndicates in which the Start-up does not wish to disclose publicly that it is seeking funding (the Private Syndicates).
50. These Private Syndicates are only made available to Quality Investors who:

a. intend to invest over USD$600,000 in syndicates through the Platform;
b. invest, on average, at least USD$50,000 per month in syndicates;
c. sign a non-disclosure agreement with ALA; and
d. are able to make investment decisions in a timely manner.

51. ALA has automated functionality that matches between one to five Private Syndicates with the Quality Investor's selected objective criteria, based on filters that the Quality Investor selected when the Quality Investor signed up for the Professional Investor Program.
52. ALA provides the list of Private Syndicates to the Quality Investor.
53. The Quality Investor conducts its own due diligence on the Start-up of the Private Syndicate.
54. The Quality Investor will make its own decision as to which Private Syndicate to invest in. The same investment procedures that are used for a typical syndicate also apply to a Private Syndicate.
55. There are no fees for participating in the Professional Investor Program.
Participants
Investors
56. When opening an account with AngelList, each investor provides the Filers with the following information:

a. The category of accredited investor the investor meets, which for Canadian investors will correspond to the definition of accredited investor in Canadian securities legislation;
b. The amount the investor has budgeted for investing in Start-ups on the Platform;
c. The investor's net worth band (e.g., > $1 million, > $2 million, > $5 million, with currency being denominated in U.S. dollars). For Canadian investors, bands will be denominated in Canadian dollars;
d. The proportion of the investor's net worth that the investor's budget for investing in Start-ups represents; and
e. The investor's experience in investing in Start-ups or working for or with private equity firms and venture capital firms and the investor's connection to other investors and Start-ups on the Platform.

The above-listed information is retained on the Platform by the Filers for 8 years.
57. In addition to providing the information in paragraph 56, each investor acknowledges the following risks associated with investing in Start-ups generally when signing up to access the Public Services and Restricted Services:

a. Risk of loss of an investor's entire investment in a Start-up;
b. Illiquidity risk;
c. No due diligence of a Start-up is conducted by the Filers;
d. Dilution risk;
e. Risk of change in the Start-up's plans, markets and products; and
f. No recommendation or advice is provided by the Filers to the investor.

In addition:

g. Prior to making an investment, the investor must acknowledge that it will receive limited or no initial or ongoing information about the investment; and
h. The investor note will disclose any conflicts of interest that may exist.

The above-listed information is retained on the Platform or by ALA for 8 years.
58. ALA assesses each investor's experience and knowledge with respect to venture capital and angel investing based upon the following information:

a. The investor's previous venture capital and angel investments and the size of those investments (as declared by the investor);
b. The investor's connections to other founders and investors, and ALA's assessment of those founders and investors; and
c. ALA's judgement about an investor's previous venture capital and angel investing experience with other top investors and the investor's reputation.

59. Using a computer algorithm, ALA rates each investor on a scale of one to ten based on the information provided by the investor (a Quality Investor Score). Only investors with a Quality Investor Score of at least 6.5 out of 10 are approved by ALA as Quality Investors. In order to access the Restricted Services an investor must first be approved as a Quality Investor.
60. ALA does not initially approve an investor if the investor has an initial Quality Investor Score of less than 6.5 out of 10 or if the investor has indicated that he or she plans to invest more than 9% of his or her net worth in Start-ups. ALA may conduct a further review of these investors who are not initially approved. If ALA's manual review of the investor discloses information which would materially increase the investor's Quality Investor Score (for example, the investor has significant venture capital or angel investing experience that was not reflected on its profile on the Platform), the investor may be approved as a Quality Investor and permitted to invest in syndicates through the Platform.
61. In Canada, Accredited Investors that are not Quality Investors will not be permitted to invest as part of a syndicate through the Platform and will not be permitted access to the Restricted Services.
Lead Investors
62. Only Accredited Investors can apply to be Lead Investors. ALA retains the right and full discretion to determine whether a person may act as a Lead Investor.
63. ALA reviews a potential Lead Investor for previous experience related to venture capital and angel investing by reviewing the Lead Investor's activity on relevant social media and other websites (such as Crunchbase and Google).
64. ALA also reviews references provided by each Lead Investor related to the Lead Investor's prior Start-up investments.
65. If ALA is not satisfied that a Lead Investor has sufficient knowledge and experience related to Start-up and/or venture capital investing, ALA will also consider whether there is a Credible Investor involved in the syndicate and who is investing on the same terms and conditions as the investors in the syndicate.
66. Where ALA approves a Lead Investor to form a syndicate, ALA requires each Lead Investor to sign an agreement with ALA. For so long as the Lead Investor has an interest in the Start-up that the Lead Investor has syndicated, this agreement requires, among other things, the Lead Investor:

a. To assist ALA and the SPE Manager as necessary to allow ALA and the SPE Manager to comply with applicable regulatory requirements pertaining to the syndicate and the investment in the Start-up,
b. To provide ALA with information about the Start-up as required by ALA or the SPE Manager to service the syndicate, and
c. To provide ALA with written notice of certain events, including subsequent investment in the Start-up by the Lead Investor, sale or transfer of the Lead Investor's securities in the Start-up, and how the Lead Investor has voted.

67. Lead Investors are required to disclose all conflicts of interest to ALA and to potential Quality Investors. Conflicts of interest that must be disclosed include whether the Lead Investor invested in previous round of financing by the Start-up, is an employee or officer of the Start-up, or has family members working at the Start-up, any other circumstances judged by ALA to constitute conflicts or potential conflicts.
68. The Lead Investor invests either directly with the Start-up or alongside other investors in the syndicate on the same terms and conditions as the investors in the syndicate.
69. Prior to the closing of the syndicate, ALA conducts a background check on the Lead Investor (through a third party service provider), including criminal record, securities regulatory, AML, terrorist financing, and economic and political sanctions watch-lists.
Start-ups
70. ALA conducts background checks on the Start-up and each officer and director of the Start-up (through a third party service provider) before the close of a syndicate.
71. The background checks conducted by ALA include: criminal record, securities regulatory, AML, terrorist financing, and economic and political sanctions watch-lists.
72. ALA does not permit a syndicate to close, if any of the Start-up, its president or chief executive officer has pled guilty to or has been found guilty of an offence related to or has entered into a settlement agreement in a matter that involved fraud or securities violations or if the Start-up is bankrupt.
Additional Requirements
73. Canadian investors will only be permitted to invest in a Start-up that seeks to raise capital through a syndicate on the Platform in one of the following circumstances:

a. Permitted Clients. Canadian investors who qualify as permitted clients (as defined in section 1.1 of NI 31-103) and who waive the requirement for ALA to conduct a suitability assessment, in accordance with subsection 13.3(4) of NI 31-103, may invest in any syndicate on the Platform and participate in the Professional Investor Program.
b. The Start-up is participating in or within the past 24 months has successfully completed an Approved Incubator Program. Canadian Quality Investors may invest in syndicates where the Start-up is an Eligible Canadian Start-up that is participating in or has successfully completed an Approved Incubator Program.
c. Other Start-ups -- Subject to limits on the number of Canadian Quality Investors. Over the two-year period that this Decision relates to, up to a maximum of 1000 Canadian Quality Investors may invest with one or more syndicates that meet one of the following criteria:

i. The founder of the Start-up is an Experienced Founder.
ii. Either the Lead Investor of the syndicate or at least one investor in the Start-up that the syndicate is investing in, other than the Lead Investor, is a Credible Investor, and the syndicate is investing in the Start-up on the same terms and conditions as the Credible Investor.
iii. The Start-up has, within the previous three years, received funding from a federal, state, provincial or territorial government program that supports small business or Start-ups as part of its mandate, such as Business Development Bank of Canada, BDC Capital, the Investment Accelerator Fund, Ontario Centres of Excellence, the Federal Economic Development Agency for Southern Ontario and Investissement Québec.

The 1000 Canadian Quality Investors limit is measured from the period commencing on the date of the OSC decision and ending on the expiry of this Decision.


Decision
The Principal Regulator is satisfied that the Decision meets the tests set out in the Legislation for the Principal Regulator to make the Decision.
The decision of the Principal Regulator under the Legislation is that the Prior Commission Decision is repealed and the Prospectus Relief Sought is granted, provided that all of the following conditions are met:

1. The Filers have their head office or principal place of business in the U.S. or Canada.
2. The Filers are in compliance with the no action letter relating to broker-dealer registration issued to them by the SEC dated March 28, 2013 and the no action letter has not been modified or revoked.
3. ALA is an exempt reporting adviser in the U.S.
4. The Filers ensure that securities are only distributed to investors in Canada in accordance with the terms, conditions, restrictions and requirements applicable to the accredited investor exemption as set out in Canadian securities legislation, except the requirements in subsections 2.3(6) and (7)) of NI 45-106 to obtain and retain a signed risk acknowledgement in the prescribed form.
5. For each distribution, either ALA, or the SPE Manager on behalf of ALA, will file a completed Form 45-106F1 Report of Exempt Distribution (Form 45-106F1) in accordance with Part 6 of NI 45-106 within 10 days of the date of the distribution and will reference the accredited investor exemption as set out in section 2.3 of NI 45-106 as the "Exemption relied on" in Schedule 1 of Form 45-106F1.
6. For each distribution by the SPE, if an offering memorandum (as defined under the Legislation) is provided by the SPE to investors resident in a jurisdiction of Canada, either ALA or the SPE Manager will deliver to the securities regulatory authority of each jurisdiction of Canada where the distribution occurs, a copy of the offering memorandum, or any amendment to a previously delivered offering memorandum, within 10 days of the date of the distribution.
7. For each distribution by the SPE made in reliance on this Decision, if an offering memorandum (as defined under the Legislation) is provided by the SPE to investors resident in a jurisdiction of Canada, ALA will ensure that the SPE provides to investors resident in a jurisdiction of Canada a contractual right of action against the SPE for rescission or damages that:

a. Is available to an investor who purchases a security offered by the offering memorandum during the period of distribution, if the offering memorandum contains a misrepresentation, without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation
b. Is enforceable by the investor delivering notice to the SPE

(i) In the case of an action for rescission, within 180 days after the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action, or
(ii) In the case of an action for damages, before the earlier of

(A) 180 days after the investor first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action, or
(B) three years after the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action


c. Is subject to the defence that the investor had knowledge of the misrepresentation
d. In the case of an action for damages, provides that the amount recoverable

(i) Must not exceed the price at which the security was offered, and
(ii) Does not include all or any part of the damages that the SPE proves does not represent the depreciation in value of the security resulting from the misrepresentation, and

e. Is in addition to, and does not detract from, any other right of the purchaser.

8. The first trade in securities distributed in reliance on this Decision will be deemed to be a distribution that is subject to section 2.5 of National Instrument 45-102 Resale of Securities.
9. The Filers ensure that

a. The accredited investor status of each investor is verified when the investor first signs up to the Platform and verified again when the investor makes any investment through the Platform, and
b. Upon account opening, the investor acknowledges the risks as described above in paragraphs 56 and 57.

10. The Filers limit access to the Restricted Services to Quality Investors.
11. The Filers will immediately remove an investor from being able to access the Restricted Services if it knows or suspects that the investor is not an accredited investor (as defined in section 73.3(1) of the Act and NI 45-106).
12. The Filers ensure that Canadian investors invest in syndicates through the Platform in accordance with paragraph 73.
13. The Approved Incubator Programs are NEXT Canada (previously known as The Next 36), Creative Destruction Lab, York Entrepreneurship Development Institute's (YEDI) Incubator Track, Ontario Centres of Excellence's (OCE) Market Readiness Program and any other Approved Incubator Program from time to time.
14. ALA notifies the Principal Regulator in writing at least 30 days prior to any material change in either Filers' business operations or business model, including any material addition to or material modification to the Restricted Services.
15. The Filers notify the Principal Regulator promptly in writing of any regulatory action, criminal charges, or material civil actions initiated after the date of this Decision in respect of the Filers or any specified affiliate (as defined in Form 33-109F6 Firm Registration) of the Filers.
16. This Decision shall expire two years after the date of the Decision.

"Grant Vingoe"
Vice Chair
Ontario Securities Commission
 
"Monica Kowal"
Vice Chair
Ontario Securities Commission
The further decision of the Principal Regulator is that the Prior Director Decision is repealed and the Registrant Obligations Relief Sought is hereby granted, provided that all of the following conditions are met:

1. The Filers comply with the terms and conditions of the Decision with respect to the Prospectus Relief Sought.
2. Unless otherwise exempted by a further decision of the Principal Regulator, ALA complies with all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and requirements applicable to a registered dealer and to a registered individual under Canadian securities laws, including the Act and NI 31-103, and any other terms, conditions, restrictions or requirements imposed by a securities regulatory authority or regulator on ALA.
3. The Filers will deal fairly, honestly and in good faith with Participants.
4. The Filers, any representatives of the Filers, any Lead Investors, and any Start-ups do not provide recommendations or advice to any investor or prospective investor on the Platform.
5. The Filers ensure Lead Investors of a syndicate invest in the Start-up on the same terms and conditions as the syndicate.
6. The Filers ensure that any Start-up that raises capital in Canada through the Platform is not an investment fund and not a reporting issuer.
7. Neither ALA nor any Lead Investor will solicit investors, aside from the restricted services of the Platform itself.
8. Neither the Filers nor the SPE holds, handles or controls any investor or Start-up funds.
9. Neither Filers permit any secondary trading of previously issued securities to take place on the Platform.
10. The only compensation that ALA and the Lead Investor receive for their role in a syndicate is Carried Interest and such compensation is disclosed to investors. None of the Filers, the Lead Investor nor any of their officers or directors receive any other form of commission or transaction-based compensation related to the Restricted Services, including the Syndicate Services.
11. ALA will disclose any conflicts of interest as described in paragraph 67 to investors in the syndicate.
12. The Filers will immediately remove a Start-up from the Platform, and the posting of any syndicate in relation to such Start-up, if:

a. Either Filer makes a good faith determination that the business of the Start-up may not be conducted with integrity because of the past or current conduct of the Start-up or of the Start-up's directors, executive officers or promoters; and
b. Either Filer becomes aware that the Start-up is not complying with applicable securities legislation.

13. The Filers will immediately remove any Participant from the Platform or prohibit any person or company from accessing the restricted area of the Platform at the request of the Principal Regulator.
14. In addition to any other reporting required by law, including Form 45-106F1 Report of Exempt Distribution, the Filers provide the following information to the Principal Regulator on a quarterly basis:

a. The name of each Start-up that has raised capital in Canada through a syndicate on the Platform, the name of the associated SPE(s), whether the Start-up is an Eligible Canadian Start-up and the name of the Approved Incubator Program, and the total amount raised by the Start-up, and
b. The number of Canadian Accredited Investors that applied during the quarter to be approved as Quality Investors and the number who were approved by ALA as Quality Investors.

15. This Decision shall expire two years after the date of the Decision.
16. This Decision may be amended by the Principal Regulator from time to time upon prior written notice to the Filer.

"Debra Foubert"
Director
Ontario Securities Commission








 
JavaScript is disabled or not supported by this browser. This website works best with JavaScript enabled.








 





Archive

















































Skip to main content






Menu








About

Our RoleOur StructureGovernanceAccountabilityInternational ActivitiesDealing with the OSCCareersContact Us



Securities Law & Instruments

LegislationInstruments, Rules & PoliciesProposed Instruments, Rules & PoliciesOSC BulletinElectronic FilingOrders, Rulings & Decisions



Proceedings

Before the CommissionBefore the CourtsCease Trade Orders



News & Events

News ReleasesSpeeches & EventsMedia RoomOSC in the CommunityReports and PublicationsOSC Dialogue 2016



Investors

OSC's RoleThe Investor OfficeInvestor Advisory PanelCheck Before You InvestInvestor WarningsLearning About InvestingTools & ResourcesQuestions & Complaints



Industry

CompaniesDealers, Advisers and Investment Fund ManagersInvestment Funds & Structured ProductsMarketplaces, SROs & Clearing AgenciesDerivatives ParticipantsIndustry Resources












Search Box










Twitter


LinkedIn


Youtube


Email Alerts


Rss Feeds



Français









Home / Securities Law & Instruments / Orders, Rulings & Decisions / Archive



Securities Law & Instruments









Hide Section Menu   ×






Legislation





Legislative Reviews









Instruments, Rules & Policies







Proposed Instruments, Rules & Policies







OSC Bulletin







Electronic Filing





Registrant Forms and Documents







Reporting Issuer and Issuer Forms









Orders, Rulings & Decisions


















  Section Menu






Filter
 Type to filter





 Select document type 

Approval
Decision
Consent
Order
Temporary Order
Designation Order
Ruling
Other





 Select year to view 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000

 









Date
Title
Type



July 20, 2017
 1832 Asset Management L.P. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;RSS:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 1832 Asset Management L.P. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 23, 2017
 5Banc Split Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 5Banc Split Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Other;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 ABN AMRO Clearing Chicago LLC – ss. 38 and 73 of the CFA and s. 6.1 of OSC Rule 91-502 Trades in Recognized Options
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 28, 2017
 ANGELLIST, LLC (“AngelList”) and ANGELLIST ADVISORS, LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Augustine Ventures Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 23, 2017
 Ayaz Dhanani (also known as Azim Virani, Michael Lee, Alex Nebris, Paul Dhanani, Samuel Ramos, and Rahim Jiwa)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Augustine Ventures Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Arrow Capital Management Inc. and Exemplar U.S. High Yield Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 1, 2017
 AAOption et al. – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Aveda Transportation and Energy Services Inc. – s. 9.1 of MI 61-101 Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 3, 2017
 Authorization Order (Subsection 3.5(3))
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.AuthorizationOrder;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 AQM Copper Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Algonquin Capital Corporation – s. 213(3)(b) of the LTCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 Authorization Order (Subsection 3.5(3))
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.AuthorizationOrder;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Aston Hill Canadian Total Return Fund et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 AAOption et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Automative Finco Corp. (formerly Ressources Minières Augyva Inc. / Augyva Mining Resources Inc.) – s. 1(11)(b)	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Ayaz Dhanani (also known as Azim Virani, Michael Lee, Alex Nebris, Paul Dhanani, Samuel Ramos, and Rahim Jiwa) – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 AGF Investments Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Algonquin Capital Corporation	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 27, 2017
 Authorization Order (Subsection 3.5(3))
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.AuthorizationOrder;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Battle Mountain Gold Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Brookfield Investment Management (Canada) 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 BTIG, LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Bluewater Technologies Inc. -- s. 80 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 BMO Investments Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 Black Panther Trading Corporation and Charles Robert Goddard
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 6, 2017
 BMO Investments Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 2, 2017
 Brandes Investment Partners & Co. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



July 6, 2017
 Buffalo Coal Corp.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 20, 2017
 Banwell Financial Inc. and Investia Financial Services Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



February 23, 2017
 Mettrum Health Corp.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



February 23, 2017
 Brigadier Gold Limited – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Benedict Cheng et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 23, 2017
 Black Panther Trading Corporation and Charles Robert Goddard
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



February 23, 2017
 Brookfield Asset Management Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia -- s. 6. 1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;Proceedings:DocumentType;Proceedings:DocumentType.Order



February 23, 2017
 Brookfield Asset Management Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process



February 23, 2017
 Brookfield Asset Management Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 19, 2017
 BKC Capital Inc. and Sun Life Institutional Investments (Canada) Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 20, 2017
 Black Panther Trading Corporation and Charles Robert Goddard – ss. 127, 127.1
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Borealis Exploration Limited -- s. 144(1)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Bloomberg Tradebook Canada Company
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 8, 2017
 Brandes Investment Partners & Co.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 Biogen Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage, Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 8, 2017
 BMO Nesbitt Burns Securities Ltd. and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Thomson Reuters Corporation – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Cordiant Capital Inc. and Convergence Blended Finance, Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. – s. 42 of OSC Rule 91-507 Trade Repositories and Derivatives Data Reporting
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 Catalyst Paper Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 27, 2017
 Citigroup Global Markets Canada Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Common Wealth Pension Services Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



May 11, 2017
 Canada Jetlines Ltd.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Credit Suisse Prime Securities Services (USA) LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Canyon Services Group Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 CI Investments Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 CI Investments Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Champion Exchange Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Canadian National Railway Company and The Bank of Nova Scotia – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 3, 2017
 Christopher Aqui
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Counsel Portfolio Services Inc. and Irish Life Investment Managers Limited – s. 80 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Crescita Therapeutics Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Compagnie de Saint-Gobain
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 20, 2017
 Crystal Wealth Management System Limited – ss. 127(1), (5)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 20, 2017
 Crystal Wealth Management System Limited, Clayton Smith, CLJ Everest Ltd and 1150752 Ontario Limited – ss. 127(7), (8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 1, 2017
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Campar Capital Corporation 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 31, 2017
 Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 Canadian Natural Resources Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 23, 2017
 Column Canada Issuer Corporation	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 Crystal Wealth Management System Limited et al. – ss. 127(7), 127(8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 Can-Ameri Agri Co. Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 23, 2017
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC – s. 38 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 8, 2017
 CI Investments Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 Champion Exchange Limited – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 CGI Group Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 20, 2017
 Crystal Wealth Management System Limited – ss. 127(1), (5)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and CIBC Asset Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 CI Investments Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 DirectCash Payments ULC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Dundee Acquisition Ltd. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Danish Akhtar Soleja et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 19, 2017
 Dollarama Inc. and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 Dollarama Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 Desjardins Investments Inc. and Desjardins Québec Balanced Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



February 16, 2017
 DTCC Data Repository (U.S.) LLC – s. 42 of OSC Rule 91-507 Trade Repositories and Derivatives Data Reporting
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Dundee Acquisition Ltd. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Desjardins Global Asset Management Inc. et al.Desjardins Global Asset Management Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 Danish Akhtar Soleja et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Danier Leather Inc. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Dennis Wing
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 8, 2017
 Dennis Wing
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Dollarama Inc. and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 DV Resources Ltd. – s/ 4(b) of Ont. Reg. 289/00 under the Business Corporations Act
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Other;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Dennis L. Meharchand and Valt.X Holdings Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Dollarama Inc. and Bank of Montreal
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Dennis L. Meharchand and Valt.X Holdings Inc. – s. 127(1)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 DEQ Systems Corp. − s. 1(10)(a)(ii)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Eco Oro Minerals Corp.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Estrella International Energy Services Ltd.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Edward Furtak et al. – ss. 127, 127.1
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 European Commercial Real Estate Limited	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 Enssolutions Group Inc. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Evolution Markets Futures LLC – s. 38 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Expo Event Holdco, Inc.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



May 25, 2017
 Eda Marie Agueci et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 23, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc. and Excel Latin America Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 30, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc. and Excel Latin America Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 eQuaTe Asset Management Inc. – s. 213(3)(b) of the LTCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Approval;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Educators Financial Group Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 27, 2017
 Eco Oro Minerals Corp. – ss. 8(3), 21.7 and 127(1)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Enbridge Income Fund et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 8, 2017
 European Commercial Real Estate Limited – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Era Resources Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 Eleven Biotherapeutics, Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;Proceedings:DocumentType;Proceedings:DocumentType.Order



March 30, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc. and Excel Billionaire Leaders Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Edward Furtak et al
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Exxon Mobil Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Entertainment One Ltd
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



May 25, 2017
 Exxon Mobil Corporation	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 Elm Park Capital Management, LLC et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 20, 2017
 Eurex Clearing AG - s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Eco Oro Minerals Corp. – Rules 3, 6, 11 and 14 of the OSC Rules of Practice
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Excel Funds Management Inc. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 15, 2017
 Eda Marie Agueci et al. – s. 144	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Enstar Group Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Franchise Bancorp Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Franchise Bancorp Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Frankly Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 19, 2017
 Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc. – s. 74
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Fidelity Investments Canada ULC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 Frankly Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



May 25, 2017
 Frontier Rare Earths Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Fidelity Investments Canada ULC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 29, 2017
 First Nations Finance Authority
 Format:HTML;News:Releases;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 12, 2017
 Franklin Templeton Investments Corp. and FTC Investor Services Inc.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 13, 2017
 Franklin Templeton Investments Corp. and Franklin Target Return Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Gildan Activewear Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Other;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Goldman Sachs International
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Garth H. Drabinsky et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Genus Capital Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 2, 2017
 Garth H. Drabinsky et al. – ss. 127, 127.1
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Global 8 Environmental Technologies, Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Golden Credit Card Trust
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 GuestLogix Inc. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Garth H. Drabinsky et al. – ss. 127, 127.1	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 19, 2017
 Good Mining Exploration Inc. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 GuestLogix Inc. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Canadian Imperial Venture Corp. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 23, 2017
 Goldman, Sachs & Co
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 Goldeye Explorations Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 19, 2017
 GoldON Resources Ltd. – s. 9.1 of MI 61-101 Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions and s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Global Diversified Investment Grade Income Trust II 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 Garth H. Drabinsky et al. – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 Gibraltar Growth Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 GenFund Management Inc. et al. – s. 144(1)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Company
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 22, 2017
 Home Capital Group Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 Hanane Bouji
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.DirectorsDecision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. and AlphaPro Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Halogen Software Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Home Capital Group Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Halogen Software Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 8, 2017
 Home Capital Group Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



February 9, 2017
 Helius Medical Technologies, Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 9, 2017
 HSBC Global Asset Management (Canada) Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 26, 2017
 Hampton Securities Limited et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Infor Acquisition Corp. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Invesco Canada Ltd. and Professional Association of Financial Services Advisors
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 I.G. Investment Management, Ltd. and Investors Group Funds
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 Immunotec inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 INFOR Acquisition Corp.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 Investar Investment Ltd. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Irish Life Investment Managers Limited – s. 80 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 I.G. Investment Management, Ltd. and Investors Group Funds
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 I.G. Investment Management, Ltd. and Investors Group Funds
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 IA Clarington Investments Inc. et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 26, 2017
 Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 15, 2017
 Industrial Alliance Securities Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 1, 2017
 Investment Management Corporation of Ontario
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 23, 2017
 InterOil Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Instinet Canada Cross Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



July 20, 2017
 International Road Dynamics Inc. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;RSS:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Jourdan Resources Inc. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Creditex Securities Corporation – s. 38 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 15, 2017
 Jonathan Financial Inc. and Gregory Frederick Hilderman – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities PLC. – s. 38 of the CFA and s. 6.1 of Rule 91-502
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Janus Capital Management LLC – s. 80 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Other;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Janus Capital Management LLC -- s. 6.1 of OSC Rule 91-502 Trades in Recognized Options
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Krishna Sammy
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Krishna Sammy
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Krishna Sammy
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 Kashmir Singh Marok
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.DirectorsDecision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 27, 2017
 Kiska Metals Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 Kiska Metals Corporation – Notice of Correction
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Level 3 Investment Management Inc. – s. 213(3)(b) of the LTCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Approval;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Luna Gold Corp.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Lance Kotton
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 LOGiQ Asset Management Ltd. and Canadian 50 Advantaged Preferred Share Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Lexam VG Gold Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 Lance Kotton and Titan Equity Group Ltd.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 23, 2017
 Larry Keith Davis	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Lance Kotton – ss. 127(7), (8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 LOGiQ Capital 2016
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 Lance Kotton and Titan Equity Group Ltd. – ss. 127(7), 127(8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Larry Keith Davis – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;Proceedings:DocumentType



March 9, 2017
 Lance Kotton – ss. 127(7), 127(8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Lance Kotton – s. 127(7) and (8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Lexam VG Gold Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Leith Wheeler Investment Counsel Ltd.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 8, 2017
 Liquidnet Canada, Inc. – s. 15.1 of NI 21-101 Marketplace Operation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 19, 2017
 MD Financial Management Inc.– s. 213(3)(b) of the LTCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Approval;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 Middlefield Healthcare & Wellness Dividend Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 MM Café Franchise Inc. et al. – s. 127
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Mark Steven Rotstein and Equilibrium Partners Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Mood Media Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Mackenzie Financial Corporation and Mackenzie Global High Yield Fixed Income ETF
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Manulife Financial Capital Trust II et al. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



May 4, 2017
 Crystal Wealth Management System Limited et al. – ss. 127(7), 127(8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 Minera IRL Limited – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 27, 2017
 MM Café Franchise Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Michael Patrick Lathigee et al. – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Mettrum Health Corp. –s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Mackenzie Financial Corporation and IPC Investment Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Money Gate Mortgage Investment Corporation et al. – ss. 127(7), 127(8)	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 27, 2017
 MM Café Franchise Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Metro Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 13, 2017
 Manitoba Telecom Services Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 Manulife Asset Management Limited et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 15, 2017
 Minister of Energy (Ontario) and Hydro One Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 29, 2017
 Marquest Asset Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 5, 2017
 Manulife Asset Management Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Mountain Lake Minerals Inc. – ss. 127 and 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 18, 2017
 Money Gate Mortgage Investment Corporation et al. – ss. 127(7), 127(8)	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Metro Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 16, 2017
 McEwen Mining Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 Michael Patrick Lathigee et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 MarketAxess Canada Limited – s. 15.1 of NI 21-101 Marketplace Operation	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Manulife Asset Management Limited et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Mitec Technologies Inc. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 MUFG Securities Americas Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Mackenzie Financial Corporation and IPC Investment Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 12, 2017
 Mackenzie Financial Corporation et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 12, 2017
 Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada/Association Canadienne des Courtiers de Fonds Mutuels – s. 147
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 MM Café Franchise Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Manulife Asset Management Limited et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;Proceedings:DocumentType;Proceedings:DocumentType.Decision



April 6, 2017
 Mackenzie Financial Corporation et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 23, 2017
 Magna International Inc. and CIBC World Markets Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Mark Steven Rotstein and Equilibrium Partners Inc. – ss. 127, 127.1
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.SettlementAgreement;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Metro Inc. – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 5, 2017
 Mawson West Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 NEX SEF Limited – s. 147	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Next Edge Capital Corp.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



May 11, 2017
 Northwest & Ethical Investments L.P.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Nobel Real Estate Investment Trust 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 15, 2017
 Nelson Peter Bradbury – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Niagara Ventures Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 National Bank Investments Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 NGAM Canada LP 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 6, 2017
 NGAM Canada LP
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 20, 2017
 Northwest & Ethical Investments L.P., Nei Northwest Macro Canadian Asset Allocation Fund and Nei Northwest Macro Canadian Asset Allocation Corporate Class 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 NGAM Canada LP et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Niagara Ventures Corporation – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 20, 2017
 Nesscap Energy Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;RSS:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Nasdaq CXC Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 20, 2017
 Nesscap Energy Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;RSS:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Orbus Pharma Inc. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 OMERS Administration Corporation and OMERS Investment Management Inc.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 9, 2017
 Optam Holdings Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 Pro-Financial Asset Management Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Perk Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 Pacific Safety Products Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Prism Financial Products LLC – s. 38 of the CFA and s. 6.1 of OSC Rule 91-502 Trades in Recognized Options
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Pro-Financial Asset Management Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Perk Inc. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 20, 2017
 Pro-Financial Asset Management Inc. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;RSS:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 8, 2017
 Quadrexx Hedge Capital Management Ltd., et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 Quadrexx Hedge Capital Management Ltd. et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Quadrexx Hedge Capital Management Ltd. et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 23, 2017
 Restaurant Brands International Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



May 4, 2017
 Raintree Wealth Management Inc. – s. 213(3)(b) of the LTCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 RBC Global Asset Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Royal Bank of Canada and The Bank of Nova Scotia – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Russell Investments Canada Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 RTG Direct Trading Group Ltd. and RTG Direct Trading Limited – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Royal Bank of Canada and The Toronto-Dominion Bank – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 10, 2017
 Razor Energy Corp. – s. 4(b) of the Regulation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Other;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Response Biomedical Corp
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 RBC Global Asset Management Inc. – s. 213(3)(b) of the LTCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Approval;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 RBC Global Asset Management Inc. and BlueBay Asset Management LLP – ss. 78(1), 80 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 23, 2017
 Ryan Labs Asset Management Inc. – s. 80 of the CFA	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 RP Investment Advisors LP et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 RBC Dominion Securities Inc. et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



February 2, 2017
 Royal Bank of Canada and The Toronto-Dominion Bank – s. 6.1. of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 RBS Securities Inc. – s. 38 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 RDM Corporation
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Schneider Electric S.E.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Sentry Investments Inc. and Sean Driscoll – ss. 127(1), 127.1
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.SettlementAgreement;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 29, 2017
 Secure Energy Services Inc. and Rene Amirault
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 30, 2017
 Steven J. Martel et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Sierra Wireless, Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Sirius Xm Canada Holdings Inc. – s. 1(6) of the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Sprott Resource Corp. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Other;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 19, 2017
 Steven J. Martel et al. – s. 127
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada and Sun Life Capital Trust
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 9, 2017
 SEI Investments Canada Company	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



April 13, 2017
 Sentry Investments Inc. and Sean Driscoll
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 15, 2017
 Sionna Investment Managers Inc. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



July 6, 2017
 Sprott Inc. – s. 6.1 of National Instrument 62-104
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 Sparrow Ventures Corp. – s. 144f
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Sirius Xm Canada Holdings Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 Sirius XM Canada Holdings Inc. and 2517835 Ontario Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 Savanna Energy Services Corp.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 9, 2017
 Steven J. Martel et al. – s. 127
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 15, 2017
 Stillwater Mining Company
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 29, 2017
 Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. and Moneda Latam Corporate Bond Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 22, 2017
 Sanofi
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Sprott Asset Management LP and SPR & Co LP
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 The Bank of Nova Scotia and BMO Nesbitt Burns – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 2, 2017
 Toro Oil & Gas Ltd. 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 26, 2017
 The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and Manulife Financial Capital Trust II
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 12, 2017
 The Bank of Nova Scotia – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer 
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 22, 2017
 The North West Company Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 16, 2017
 Total S.A.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Total Energy Services Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 Tobias Lütke
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



July 13, 2017
 TCM Investments Ltd. et al. – s. 127(8)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 TCM Investments Ltd. carrying on business as OptionRally et al. – ss. 127(1), 127(5)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 13, 2017
 TransCanada Corporation – s. 5.1 of OSC Rule 48-501 Trading During Distributions, Formal Bids and Share Exchange Transactions
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



January 19, 2017
 The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited and CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. – s. 144
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 TCM Investments Ltd. carrying on business as OptionRally et al. – ss. 127(7)	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 2, 2017
 Telus Corporation – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank and The Bank of Nova Scotia – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 6, 2017
 Thomas Arthur Williams et al.	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



June 15, 2017
 TCM Investments Ltd. carrying on business as OptionRally et al. – s. 127(7)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;Proceedings:DocumentType



July 13, 2017
 The Intertain Group Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 9, 2017
 Thomson Reuters Corporation – s. 6.1 of NI 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 14, 2017
 TFS Energy Futures LLC – s. 38 of the CFA	
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;Proceedings:DocumentType;Proceedings:DocumentType.Order



February 2, 2017
 Thomas Arthur Williams et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 TransCanada Corporation et al.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 27, 2017
 Trident Gold Corp. – s. 4(b) of Ont. Reg. 289/00 under the OBCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Consent;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 16, 2017
 UBS Securities LLC – s. 38 of the CFA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Ruling;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 Ubisoft Entertainment S.A.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 23, 2017
 UBS Securities LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Process.ApplicationExemptiveRelief



March 21, 2017
 UBS Securities LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 12, 2017
 U.S. Tactical Allocation Fund
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;Proceedings:DocumentType;Proceedings:DocumentType.Order



June 22, 2017
 Vinci S.A.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



January 5, 2017
 Vantage Asset Management Inc. and VPP Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



March 30, 2017
 Veritas Asset Management Inc. – s. 213(3)(b) of the LTCA
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 25, 2017
 Vivendi S.A.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 Vanguard Investments Canada Inc
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 11, 2017
 William Blair & Company, L.L.C.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 6, 2017
 Western Areas Limited
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 8, 2017
 Whitehaven Securities Inc. and Whitehaven Asset Management Inc.
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



May 4, 2017
 Western Potash Corp
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



February 9, 2017
 William Raymond Malone – ss. 127(1), 127(10)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



June 1, 2017
 White Gold Corp. – s. 1(11)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions



July 20, 2017
 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Decision;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions;RSS:OrdersRulingsDecisions



April 13, 2017
 Wilmington Trust, National Association and Barrick Gold Corporation – s. 46(4)
 Format:HTML;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1;OrdersRulingsDecisions:Category1.OrdersRulingsDecisions;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType;OrdersRulingsDecisions:DocumentType.Order;OrdersRulingsDecisions:OrdersRulingsDecisions















 
JavaScript is disabled or not supported by this browser. This website works best with JavaScript enabled.









﻿







Gentox Labs   Just  Submitted Form D  Regarding $200000  Fundraising – Octafinance





















































 








Tuesday, 25 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Gentox Labs   Just  Submitted Form D  Regarding $200000  Fundraising


05/14/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Gentox Labs   Just  Submitted Form D  Regarding $200000  Fundraising and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/gentox-labs-just-submitted-form-d-regarding-200000-fundraising/51217/.CaptchaSubmit
Gentox Labs  Financing
Gentox Labs, Llc, Limited Liability Company just  filed form D  regarding $200,000 financing. Gentox Labs  was able to  finance itself with $55,000 so far. That is 27.50% of the  offering. The total  financing amount was $200,000.  The financing document was filled on 2015-05-13. The reason for the financing was: unspecified.  The fundraising still has about $145,000 more and is not closed yet. We have to wait more to see if the offering will be fully taken.
 Gentox Labs  is based in Alabama. The  firm’s business is Other Health Care. The  SEC form was  filled by Warren Stabiler Jr Manager. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: 610 Coit Road, Suite 200A, Plano, Tx, Texas, 75075.  Warren Stabiler, Jr. is the related person in the form and it has address: 610 Coit Road, Suite 200A, Plano, Tx, Texas, 75075.
Analysis of Gentox Labs  Offering
On average,  businesses in the Other Health Care sector, sell 68.60% of the total offering  size. Gentox Labs  sold 27.50% of the offering.  The financing is still open. The average  investment floor size for companies in the Other Health Care industry is $1.16 million. The offering was 95.26% smaller than the average of $1.16 million.  Of course this should not be  interpreted as negative.  Businesses  get financed for  different  needs and reasons. The minimum investment for this  fundraising  was set at $2500. If you know more about the reasons for the  fundraising, please comment below.
What is Form D? What It Is Used For
Form D disclosures could be used to track and understand better your competitors. The information in Form D is usually highly confidential for ventures and startups and they don’t like revealing it. This is because it reveals amount raised or planned to be raised as well as reasons for the financing. This could help competitors. Entrepreneurs usually want to keep their financing a ‘secret’ so they can stay in stealth mode for longer.
Why Fundraising Reporting Is Good For Gentox Labs  Also
Despite Warren Stabiler Jr’s reporting disadvantages, Gentox Labs, Llc could benefit from this reporting. First, it helps potential customers feel more safe to deal with a firm that is well financed. The odds are higher that it will stay in the business. Second, this could attract other investors such as venture-capital firms, funds and angels. Third, positive PR effects could even bring leasing firms and venture lenders.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Other Health Care



Somatone Interactive   Just  Released Form D  For $125000  Financing Angellist-Plow-Fund A Series Of Angellist-Thte-Funds   Just  Submitted Form D  Announcing $157000  Fundraising 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














mtm series - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Mtm at Amazon.com - Buy Mtm at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Mtm at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





Mtm - Huge Variety from Authorized Dealer Free Shipping +$49.



Ad
 ·
OpticsPlanet.com/​MTM-Sale



Huge Variety from Authorized Dealer Free Shipping +$49. Order Today!





Just Arrived




Special Deals





Mtm - 1000's Of Sports & Outdoor Choices.



Ad
 ·
SportingGear.bizrate.com



1000's Of Sports & Outdoor Choices. Find Mtm!





Circle of Excellence



Best Selling Products



Hunting & Archery Gear
















Ibanez MTM




The Ibanez MTM series is a series of signature guitars created by Slipknot's Mick Thomson, and produced by Ibanez. They come factory tuned to Drop B (B, F#, B, E, G#, C# [low

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

MTM turns up the wick on Volkswagen GTI and GTD - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/2010/02/13/mtm-turns-up-the-wick-on-volkswagen...


MTM Volkswagen Golf GTI and GTD ... of 205 hp (151 kW) and a torque of 380 Nm, the MTM Golf GTD is clearly ahead of the series GTD, ...


Mary Tyler Moore, Star Of 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show ...

www.wow.com/article/0SfWab/22418721


Thus did the series dare to question whether Mary Richards actually did "make it after all.'' ... who died in November 2016, through their MTM Enterprises.


Ibanez MTM - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ibanez_MTM


The Ibanez MTM series is a series of signature guitars created by Slipknot's Mick Thomson, and produced by Ibanez. They come factory tuned to Drop B (B, F#, B, E, G# ...


Review: 2009 MTM Audi A3 Sportback is a singular sport ...

www.autoblog.com/...2009-mtm-audi-a3-sportback-is-a-singular-sport...


2009 MTM Audi A3 Sportback – Click above for high-res image gallery


Medication therapy management - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Medication_Therapy_Management


Medication therapy management (MTM) is medical care provided by pharmacists whose aim is to optimize drug therapy and improve therapeutic outcomes for patients ...


The Mary Tyler Moore Show - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/The_Mary_Tyler_Moore_Show


The Mary Tyler Moore Show, ... including Emmy Awards for Outstanding Comedy Series three years in a row ... "The Mary Tyler Moore Show, 1977, MTM Enterprises ...


MTM - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/MTM_(disambiguation)


Ibanez MTM, a series of signature guitars created by Slipknot's Mick Thomson; La Maquinista Terrestre y Marítima, former machinery, ...


MTM supercharges the Audi S5 - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/2008/05/27/mtm-supercharges-the-audi-s5


Click above for a high-res gallery of the MTM supercharged Audi S5 The ... MTM supercharges the Audi S5. facebook; ... distinguished from the series.


MTM Enterprises - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/MTM_Enterprises


MTM Enterprises (later known as MTM Enterprises, Inc.) ... Most of MTM's series aired on CBS. MTM Enterprises acquired Jim Victory Television in 1986.


New University Television - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/New_University_Television


Name changed to New University Television ... (MTM) series featuring political and socially ... Awake- Awake is a superhero drama series that follows the ...










Mtm at Amazon.com - Buy Mtm at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Mtm at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





Mtm - Huge Variety from Authorized Dealer Free Shipping +$49.



Ad
 ·
OpticsPlanet.com/​MTM-Sale



Huge Variety from Authorized Dealer Free Shipping +$49. Order Today!





Just Arrived




Special Deals





Mtm - 1000's Of Sports & Outdoor Choices.



Ad
 ·
SportingGear.bizrate.com



1000's Of Sports & Outdoor Choices. Find Mtm!





Circle of Excellence



Best Selling Products



Hunting & Archery Gear



12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








