


Home - Antipodes Partners
































































 






 












Antipodes Partners – Global pragmatic value, long only and long-short
Iterative discovery drove the mapping of the Antipodes.  Our team-based approach strives to find great investments and build resilient, high conviction portfolios. 
Antipodes literally means ‘diametrically opposed’ i.e. contrary.  As stocks and markets cycle in and out of favour, we will maintain an independent perspective.
Less than 5% of the Earth’s surface comprises land antipodal to other land. Great businesses that also represent great value are rare.











 


Antipodes Partners











Apply Online


Login



    



 
 
































 







Your opportunity - Antipodes Partners































































 






 





 


Antipodes Partners











Apply Online


Login



    






 

Your opportunity
The market as an extrapolation engine is selectively irrational around changes in the operating environment – the type of change helps define the investment opportunity:




Business cycle
Structural change
Socio/Macroeconomic




 

 

 


Business cycle opportunityStructural change opportunitySocio/Macroeconomic opportunity


A business cycle opportunity relates to mean reversion in profitability and valuations and relies upon the identification of a catalyst or turning point.  Whilst “mean reversion” may occur in many turnaround situations, the risk of substitution and obsolescence can also lead to “mean reallocation” (e.g. mainframe computing redistributed by the PC revolution, newspaper classifieds by internet verticals and paid search,  broadcast and cable television by on-demand streaming, etc.).



 



For business cycle opportunities we apply the following investment framework:



Determine whether the downturn is cyclical or structural – avoid value traps
Analyse historical patterns, identify catalyst and timing of expected upturn
Protect downside by maintaining preference for industry leaders (scale/cost position, balance sheet, management)
Buy stocks in area A and avoid those in B





For an example of a business cycle opportunity see our investment case summary for Nippon Electric Glass.



A structural change opportunity relates to non-linear (disruptive) or compounding change in situations where most investors expect incremental or cyclical change. Dominant companies or “incumbents” can unwittingly open the door to “disruptive innovations” by over investing in sustaining innovation and creating price umbrellas.  The value opportunity occurs in symmetrical form: 1) Early identification of a real disruptor; 2) Identification of an incumbent incorrectly assessed as a victim of disruption.



 



For structural change opportunities we apply the following investment framework:



Apply sustaining versus disruptive innovation principles
Consider power laws, non-linear change and fat-tails
For a disruptor, establish inflexion point for mainstream adoption ahead of the consensus
For an incumbent, look beyond the time horizon of the average investor
Buy stocks in area A and avoid those in B





For an example of a disruptor opportunity see our investment case summary for Jiangsu Yanghe Brewery.  For an example of an incumbent opportunity see our investment case summary for Amerco.




 



Consider the following:



Globalisation and ubiquitous access to information as a potential leveller of returns and a force of empowerment for the other 6 billion
Debt and wealth imbalances are extreme, Central Banks’ politicised and large corporations have never been more powerful
The attitudes, institutions and structures that lead to a more resilient society, e.g. rule of law, social cohesion, specific biases, etc.




For socio/macroeconomic opportunities we apply the following investment framework:



Consider socio/macroeconomic factors when evaluating an individual company’s prospects, e.g. relative attractiveness of exporters versus domestic exposures, health of the institutional environment, etc.
Manage the currency risk that arises from stock selection
– Identify significant valuation anomalies
– Sovereign risk assessment and real world reality check
Identify tail risks and opportunities





For an example of an opportunity with a macroeconomic component see our investment case summary for KB Financial.











 
 








































Performance - Antipodes Partners
































































 






 





 


Antipodes Partners











Apply Online


Login



    






 

Performance
What makes Antipodes Partners different?



Eclectic approach that combines proprietary quantitative filters, qualitative experience and prioritises research and portfolio construction around three key principles
Seasoned investment team with over 100 years of global experience and significant shared history of successful investing
Focused product offering that leverages our circle of competence (longs, shorts and currency management)
Owner-managed business culture of long-term thinking and alignment with client outcomes




Fund ratings


 

 

Antipodes Global Fund and Antipodes Global Fund – Long Only have been rated “Highly Recommended” by Zenith Investment Partners




 

Antipodes Asia Fund has been rated “Recommended” by Zenith Investment Partners



 


 As at 30th June 2017Absolute Performance (%)Antipodes Global Fund - Long OnlyAntipodes Global FundMSCI AC World Net IndexAntipodes Asia FundMSCI AC Asia x Japan Net IndexOut Performance (%)Antipodes Global Fund - Long Only2Antipodes Global FundAntipodes Asia Fund1 mth-1.7-1.7-2.5-1.2-1.40.80.80.23 mth5.13.93.74.47.71.40.2-3.46 mth8.55.55.210.415.93.20.2-5.51 yr25.320.315.324.723.010.05.01.7Inception127.529.114.621.011.812.914.59.2Inception1p.a.12.913.67.010.05.75.86.64.3Inception1DateJul 2015Jul 2015-Jul 2015-Jul 2015Jul 2015Jul 2015All returns are net of fees and in AUD terms. Calculations are based on exit price with distributions reinvested, after ongoing fees and expenses but excluding taxation. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. 1The inception date is the date that the current investment strategy was adopted. The Antipodes Global Fund – Long Only was established in January 2006; Antipodes Global Fund was established in June 1999; Antipodes Asia Fund was established in March 2001. 2MSCI All Country Index Net Dividends in AUD prior to 1 July 2015. 













 
 











































Contact us - Antipodes Partners
































































 






 





 


Antipodes Partners











Apply Online


Login



    






 

Contact us

 



New investor enquiries

1300 010 311
invest@antipodespartners.com

Existing investor enquiries

1300 360 306
service@antipodespartners.com

Career enquiries

careers@antipodespartners.com

Head office address

Level 35, 60 Margaret St, Sydney NSW 2000








Distribution enquiries




Australia
Andrew Findlay
+61 2 8970 7702
Andrew Chambers
+61 3 9044 1100
Adrian Whittingham
+61 2 8970 7701
Matt Dell
+61 2 8970 7721
Mark Cormack
+61 2 8970 7703




North America
Andrew Chambers
+61 3 9044 1100
Matt Dell
+61 2 8970 7721
UK, Europe, Asia and the Middle East
Andrew Findlay
+61 2 8970 7702
Adrian Whittingham
+61 2 8970 7701
Megan Jenner
+61 2 8970 7724




Contact












 
 








































Our firm - Antipodes Partners
































































 






 





 


Antipodes Partners











Apply Online


Login



    






 

Our firm
Antipodes Partners is a pragmatic value manager of global and Asian equities founded in 2015 by Jacob Mitchell, former Deputy Chief Investment Officer of Platinum Asset Management, together with a number of ex-Platinum colleagues and like-minded value investors. We aspire to grow client wealth ahead of the broad market over the investment cycle without subjecting capital to undue levels of risk.  Our approach seeks to take advantage of the market’s tendency for irrational extrapolation around changes in the operating environment, identify great businesses that are not valued as such and build high conviction portfolios.


 

Our structure
Antipodes partners is majority owned by its seasoned investment team and is structured to reinforce:


 

         


 1  Partnership and alignment  


Between investors (performance fees) and the investment team (transparent profit share linked to performance)
Sensible incentives for the investment team (shared, individual and deferred) to go beyond the call of duty



 2  Tight focus  


Non-investment functions outsourced to Pinnacle Investment Management
Concentrated fund offering (pooled and segregated accounts) based on our circle of competence:

Global equities (long only, long-short)
Asian equities (long only, long-short)





 3  Principled, pragmatic and patient approach to business and investing   4  Engagement on Environmental, Social and Governance issues  


We take a common sense, case by case approach to implementing ESG principles as part of our investment approach and, where necessary, will seek to engage with companies to the benefit of our investors




 

 Start your investment journey Invest today

 










 
 








































Our approach - Antipodes Partners































































 






 





 


Antipodes Partners











Apply Online


Login



    






 

Our approach to your investment 1  Goal 
 
Our approach seeks to take advantage of the market’s tendency for irrational extrapolation around change, identify great businesses that are not valued as such and build high conviction portfolios (30-60 holdings) with a capital preservation focus.
We aspire to grow client wealth over the long-term by generating absolute returns in excess of the benchmark at below market levels of risk.

 2  Attitude to risk 
 
We define risk as the chance of permanent loss of capital or unforseen volatility and, in this sense, we believe risk is best controlled by:



Seeking resilient investments with a margin of safety and multiple ways of winning
A deep understanding of portfolio holdings within the context of diversified sources of alpha



 3  Attitude to returns 
 
Equity investment returns are primarily driven by the:



Economic performance of the business you own or business “resilience”
Price paid or starting valuation




Business “resilience” is determined by the degree and sustainability of competitive advantage and is ultimately subject to ongoing tests as excess returns will attract change in the operating environment, including new competition, technological disruption, greater regulation and management missteps. Accordingly, in the long-term all businesses succumb to changes in the operating environment as described by the Antipodes Capital Lifecycle Model ©.

 4  Engagement on Environmental, Social and Governance issues 
 


We take a common sense, case by case approach to implementing ESG principles as part of our investment approach and, where necessary, will seek to engage with companies to the benefit of our investors



 5  Process in action 
 

 


Our process can be broken down into four iterative steps as follows:

 











 


IdentifyTestAnalyseConstruct


Our approach to idea generation can be best described as eclectic, that is, idiosyncratic curiosity combined with many years of experience. As part of this process, “force multipliers” play an important role in focusing team resources and these take two basic forms:



Proprietary quantitative filters
Qualitative input/signals





Any investment team, regardless of its size, represents a scarce resource relative to the opportunity set and should be managed as such. Once an opportunity has been identified, we perform an initial reality check before committing a large amount of research resource. This check will focus on three key areas:



Margin of safety, that is the merit of the idea relative to the degree to which this may already be expressed in the valuation
Multiple ways of winning, that is the investment outcome should not depend on just one single factor (or point of failure), rather multiple factors that will contribute to expected outcome
Context within existing portfolio, given our desire for non-correlated sources of alpha





Our broad approach is fundamental research within a global context. We strive to filter short-term noise with the goal of improving our longer-term judgement. Further, team alignment results in a naturally collaborative culture. To maximise the benefits of peer review without diluting overall team focus, we employ a system where each major research project has a lead analyst, but is supported by a secondary analyst (buddy), who acts as a sounding board on the project. We believe this both strengthens the research process and allows for earlier identification of flaws in the investment case.
If an idea passes the initial reality check, the research process will move forward and ultimately deliver a research note covering seven key areas of study.



Our goal is to build resilient portfolios that maximise risk-adjusted returns based on the following principles:



Diversified sources of alpha and weighted according to risk/return profile
High conviction, that is beyond 30 key ideas the benefits of diversification tend to be offset by conviction drift
Where permitted, use shorts and currency positions to offset unwanted risks and protect from tail risk
Reduction in the level of unknown portfolio risk by calculating various factor exposures and stress testing




To learn more, please visit the Blog.





 











 
 








































Antipodes Global Investment Company - Antipodes Partners































































 






 





 


Antipodes Partners









    






 

Antipodes Global Investment Company (ASX:APL)

 


OverviewCompany Contact us



About the Company
Investment objective
Monthly NTA and investment update
Research reports
Blog

About the Company
Antipodes Global Investment Company Limited (‘the Company’) offers investors access to a long-short global securities investment portfolio with a currency overlay. The Company’s portfolio will be constructed in accordance with the investment approach of Antipodes Partners Limited (‘the Manager’), which aspires to grow wealth over the long-term by generating positive returns in excess of the benchmark at below market levels of risk. The Manager seeks to purchase securities in what it considers to be great businesses that are not valued as such, and build a high conviction portfolio with a capital preservation focus. The Company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) on 18 October 2016:

Fully Paid Ordinary Shares (ASX Code : APL / ISIN AU000000APL8)
APL Options, $1.10, Expiry date 15 October 2018 (ASX Code : APLO / ISIN AU00000APLO4)

Investment objective
The Company’s investment objectives are to:

provide capital growth and income through investing in a concentrated portfolio, predominantly comprised of long and short positions in international listed securities, that will be actively managed with a focus on capital preservation; and
achieve returns in excess of the benchmark, MSCI All Country World Net Index in AUD, with reduced levels of risk,

in each case, over a full investment cycle (which the Manager and the Company consider to be a period of typically 3 to 5 years).
Monthly NTA and investment update
The Company’s monthly Investment Update & Net Tangible Assets Report will available by the 14th of each month.

June 2017 NTA and investment update
May 2017 NTA and investment update
April 2017 NTA and investment update
March 2017 NTA and investment update
February 2017 NTA and investment update
January 2017 NTA and investment update
December 2016 NTA and investment update
November 2016 NTA and investment update
October 2016 NTA and investment update

Financial results

APL half year 2017 results

Research reports
Receive the latest Zenith and Lonsec research reports for the Company. Available to Financial Advisers only.






Board of Directors
Investment Manager
Corporate governance
ASX announcements
Document archive


Board of Directors
Jonathan Trollip – Chairman
Jonathan Trollip is an experienced Director with over 30 years of commercial, corporate, governance, legal and transaction experience. Jonathan is currently non-executive chairman of ASX listed Global Value Fund Limited, Future Generation Investment Company Limited and Plato Income Maximiser Limited, and a non-executive director of ASX listed Kore Potash Limited. He holds commercial private company directorships with Meridian International Capital Limited and BCAL Diagnostics Pty Ltd. In the philanthropy
Jonathan Trollip is an experienced Director with over 30 years of commercial, corporate, governance, legal and transaction experience. Jonathan is currently non-executive chairman of ASX listed Global Value Fund Limited and Future Generation Investment Company Limited, and a non-executive director of ASX listed Elemental Minerals Limited. He holds commercial private company directorships with Meridian International Capital Limited and BCAL Diagnostics Pty Ltd. In the philanthropy area he is chairman of Science of Wildlife Limited, and a director of the The Watarrka Foundation and the University of Cape Town Australia Alumni Trust. Jonathan has worked as a principal of Meridian for the past 22 years. Prior to that, he was a Partner with law firm Herbert Smith Freehills. He holds postgraduate degrees in economics and law, was admitted as a qualified lawyer in England and Australia.
Chris Cuffe – Independent Director 
Chris has more than 25 years of experience in building successful wealth management practices.
Most notably he joined Colonial First State in 1988 and became its CEO two years later, leading the company from a start-up operation to Australia’s largest investment manager.
In 2003 Chris became the CEO of Challenger Financial Services Group Limited and subsequently headed up Challenger’s Wealth Management business. Chris is now involved in a portfolio of activities including a number of directorships, managing public and private investments and in various roles assisting the non-profit sector.
Chris is currently a non-executive director of ASX listed Global Value Fund Limited. He is Chairman of UniSuper (the $50 billion superannuation scheme servicing the staff of universities and related institutions across Australia), Chairman of Fitzpatrick Private Wealth (a national advisory and wealth management firm) and a founder/producer of online weekly financial newsletter Cuffelinks.
Chris holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of NSW and a Diploma from the Securities Institute of Australia. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia, a Fellow of the Institute of Company Directors and an Associate of the Financial Services Institute of Australasia.
In October 2007 Chris was inducted into the Australian Fund Manager’s RBS Hall of Fame for services to the investment industry.
Lorraine Berends  – Independent Director 
Loraine has worked for 30 years in the pension and investment industries, and possesses extensive experience in both the investment management and superannuation fields. Lorraine serves on the BT Financial Group Superannuation Board, the Board of the MDC Foundation and is a member of the investment committee of Qsuper. She served on the Board of the Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia for 12 years and the Board of the Investment Management Consultants Association for 13 years, and has been awarded Life Membership of both associations. Lorraine is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of Australia, a fellow of ASFA, a member of the Australian Institute of Directors and holds a BSc from Monash University Melbourne.
Alex Ihlenfeldt – Non-Independent Director
Alex Ihlenfeldt has over 25 years commercial experience in financial services in Australia and overseas and has proven expertise in the provision of the full suite of turn-key, institutional quality non-investment services for investment managers. He is experienced in operating across the full spectrum, from start- up boutiques to mature investment managers. Alex is currently Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Pinnacle Investment Management Limited with whom he has been associated since inception in 2006. Prior to joining Pinnacle in 2011, he spent 10 years with the Wilson HTM Investment Group as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Head of Wealth Management. Alex has a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons) and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants Australian and New Zealand as well as a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Alex is a Director of each of Pinnacle Investment Management Limited, Pinnacle Fund Services Limited, Plato Investment Management Limited, Solaris Investment Management Limited, Antipodes Partners Limited, an Alternate Director of Resolution Capital Limited and he is Chairman of the Pinnacle Fund Services Limited Compliance Committee.
Alex Ihlenfeldt has over 25 years commercial experience in financial services in Australia and overseas and has proven expertise in the provision of the full suite of turn-key, institutional quality non-investment services for investment managers. He is experienced in operating across the full spectrum, from start- up boutiques to mature investment managers. Alex is currently Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Pinnacle Investment Management Limited with whom he has been associated since inception in 2006. Prior to joining Pinnacle in 2011, he spent 10 years with the Wilson HTM Investment Group as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Head of Wealth Management. Alex has a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons) and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants Australian and New Zealand as well as a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Alex is a Director of each of Pinnacle Investment Management Limited, Pinnacle Fund Services Limited, Plato Investment Management Limited, Solaris Investment Management Limited, Antipodes Partners Limited, an Alternate Director of Resolution Capital Limited and he is Chairman of the Pinnacle Fund Services Limited Compliance Committee.
Andrew Findlay – Non-Independent Director
Andrew has over 20 years financial services experience in Australia and overseas, with a focus on product development, marketing and distribution. Andrew is currently a senior executive at Pinnacle Investment Management which he joined in 2009.  His primary responsibility is to assist the principals of each investment firm to establish, manage and grow their business. In addition to his business development and client responsibilities, Andrew is a Director of Antipodes Partners Limited and Pinnacle Fund Services Limited, which acts as
Andrew has over 20 years financial services experience in Australia and overseas, with a focus on product development, marketing and distribution. Andrew is currently a senior executive at Pinnacle Investment Management which he joined in 2009.  His primary responsibility is to assist the principals of each investment firm to establish, manage and grow their business. In addition to his business development and client responsibilities, Andrew is a Director of Antipodes Partners Limited and Pinnacle Fund Services Limited, which acts as responsible entity or trustee for various pooled funds managed by Pinnacle’s affiliates. Before joining Pinnacle, Andrew worked at Macquarie Bank for over 5 years and was based in both Sydney and Hong Kong. Whilst at Macquarie, Andrew led the establishment of the ‘Macquarie Professional Series’, a suite of partnerships with world-class, specialist investment managers. Prior to Macquarie Andrew worked in a variety of financial marketing roles with Deutsche Bank in Australia, and with UBS in Zurich and London. Andrew has a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of New South Wales.
Investment Manager
Antipodes Partners Limited (ABN 29 602 042 035) has been appointed as the Manager for the implementation of the Company’s investment strategy. Antipodes Partners Limited is a boutique fund manager specialising in global equities.
Investment team
The Manager’s investment team (Antipodes Investment Team) comprises experienced investment professionals all with deep expertise across different markets. With over 100 years of collective global investment experience, the members of the investment team have each seen multiple market cycles. The Company will draw upon and benefit from this depth and breadth of experience in the construction and maintenance of the Company’s portfolio. The Antipodes Investment team biographies can be found here
Corporate governance
Prospectus
Corporate governance statement
Corporate governance charter covering:

Board Policy
Continuous Disclosure Policy
Code of Conduct
Share Trading Policy
Insider Trading Policy

Dividend re-investment plan
Dividend policy
The Company’s investment objective is to maximise total shareholder return via a combination of capital growth and income, with the aim of allowing fully franked dividends to be paid to shareholders when possible.  Whether dividends are declared is at the full discretion of the Board.  The Board will only exercise its discretion if the Company has sufficient profit reserves and franking credits available and it is within prudent business practice to do so. The Company intends to pay a dividend to shareholders at least annually, subject to available profits, cash flow and franking credits. The Company has established a dividend reinvestment plan for shareholders.
Document archive
Annual reports
The Annual Report will published here
Other documents
FMA – Election Notice



LIC shareholder enquiries
Antipodes Global Listed Investment Company Limited
 
Telephone:     1300 737 760
Facsimile:     (02) 9279 0664
Email:            enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au
Share registrar:  Boardroom Pty Ltd, Grosvenor Place. Level 12, 225 George Street, Sydney, NSW, 2000
www.boardroomlimited.com.au
Stock exchange:  Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)
www.asx.com.au
ASX short code :

Fully Paid Ordinary Shares – APL
APL Options, $1.10, expiry 15 October 2018 – APLO






 







Current Share Price 
 Current Share PriceWIG.ASX$1.78* This information is sourced from ASX and is delayed by 20 minutes.
Useful LinksDividend Policy
Prospectus
Latest ASX Announcement 

View All
 




 
 

































 




﻿






























ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys 98,582 Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Capital One Financial Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Capital One Financial Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Select Energy Services (WTTR) Stock Price
Dorian LPG (LPG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE:GPX) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows
Forbes J M & Co. LLP Has $6.49 Million Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX)
ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys 98,582 Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF)
F&V Capital Management LLC Has $3.24 Million Stake in eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 276,421 Shares of Discover Financial Services (NYSE:DFS)
Creative Planning Has $1.21 Million Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST)
Marathon Asset Management LLP Buys 534,373 Shares of eBay Inc. (EBAY)
Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Shares Bought by Oxbow Advisors LLC
International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Position Held by Northstar Asset Management LLC
Coca-Cola Company (The) (NYSE:KO) is Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV’s 8th Largest Position
Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 239 Shares of CAI International, Inc. (NYSE:CAI)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires 834 Shares of Peoples Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:PEBO)
Scott & Selber Inc. Acquires 284 Shares of Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $412,000 Position in Tilly’s, Inc. (NYSE:TLYS)
Rothschild Capital Partners LLC Continues to Hold Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)
PDC Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PDCE) Position Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Stake in Orchids Paper Products Company (NYSEMKT:TIS)
Security National Trust Co. Sells 415 Shares of AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV)



 


ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys 98,582 Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 



ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd increased its stake in  Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) by 28.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 442,552 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 98,582 shares during the period. Capital One Financial Corporation comprises about  4.8% of ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd’s holdings, making the stock its 11th largest position. ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd owned about 0.09% of Capital One Financial Corporation worth $36,564,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of  Capital One Financial Corporation by 3,066.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 31,294,690 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,711,996,000 after buying an additional 30,306,250 shares in the last quarter.  AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Capital One Financial Corporation by 71.8% in the first quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 3,255,551 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $282,126,000 after buying an additional 1,360,057 shares in the last quarter.  Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of  Capital One Financial Corporation by 106.6% in the first quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 2,321,767 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $201,204,000 after buying an additional 1,197,860 shares in the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  Capital One Financial Corporation by 3.2% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 31,454,174 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,725,818,000 after buying an additional 963,101 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Assenagon Asset Management S.A. acquired a new position in shares of  Capital One Financial Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $63,369,000. 88.42% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Capital One Financial Corporation alerts:



Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) opened at 81.57 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $39.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.38 and a beta of 1.19. Capital One Financial Corporation has a 12 month low of $65.00 and a 12 month high of $96.92. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $80.78 and a 200 day moving average price of $84.92. 




Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $1.75 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.93 by $0.18. The business had revenue of $6.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.63 billion. Capital One Financial Corporation had a return on equity of 7.83% and a net margin of 12.96%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.84 earnings per share.  Equities analysts predict that  Capital One Financial Corporation will post $7.50 earnings per share for the current year. 
Capital One Financial Corporation announced that its board has initiated a share repurchase program on Wednesday, June 28th that authorizes the company to repurchase $1.85 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the financial services provider to buy up to 4.6% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase programs are often an indication that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was  published by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/19/antipodes-partners-ltd-buys-98582-shares-of-capital-one-financial-corporation-nysecof.html. 
Several research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Rafferty Capital Markets lowered Capital One Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $99.00 target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Nomura raised Capital One Financial Corporation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $97.00 to $105.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating, eleven have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. Capital One Financial Corporation  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $92.90.
In other news, insider Michael Slocum sold 6,276 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.16, for a total value of $515,636.16. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 61,905 shares in the company, valued at $5,086,114.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. 1.73% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
Capital One Financial Corporation Company Profile
Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. The Company’s segments include Credit Card, Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Other.







Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




GP Strategies Corporation  Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows





Dorian LPG  Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds





Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Select Energy Services  Stock Price





Forbes J M & Co. LLP Has $6.49 Million Stake in Praxair, Inc. 





Creative Planning Has $1.21 Million Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. 





Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 276,421 Shares of Discover Financial Services 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 





































﻿

























ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Increases Stake in CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for CONSOL Energy Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CONSOL Energy Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Head to Head Comparison: Lindsay Corporation (NYSE:LNN) versus Titan Machinery (TITN)
Critical Analysis: Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) vs. Reynolds American (RAI)
Analyzing M.D.C. Holdings (NYSE:MDC) and M/I Homes (MHO)
Critical Comparison: Zendesk (NYSE:ZEN) versus PTC (PTC)
Liberty Media Corporation (BATRK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Buy Rating for Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE)
iShares Barclays 1-3 Year Credit Bond Fd (CSJ) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.15
Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. (CDOR) Upgraded to Hold by ValuEngine
Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) PT Set at $62.00 by BMO Capital Markets
Avis Budget Group, Inc. (CAR) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine
Bear State Financial, Inc. (BSF) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Sell”
Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:HST) Stake Lowered by Atria Investments LLC
Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Boosts Position in TotalFinaElf, S.A. (TOT)
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP (ETP) Stake Boosted by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) Position Raised by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC
Navient Corporation (NAVI) Position Raised by Atria Investments LLC
Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 5,135 Shares of Covanta Holding Corporation (NYSE:CVA)
Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. (UBNT) Stake Cut by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd.
ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Increases Stake in CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX)
People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Position Raised by Atria Investments LLC


 


ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Increases Stake in CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX)

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd boosted its position in shares of CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX) by 117.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 2,806,977 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 1,516,289 shares during the period. CONSOL Energy accounts for about 5.5% of ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 7th largest position. ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd owned 1.22% of CONSOL Energy worth $41,936,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CNX. James Investment Research Inc. boosted its position in CONSOL Energy by 10.1% in the first quarter. James Investment Research Inc. now owns 7,222 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 662 shares during the last quarter. FNY Managed Accounts LLC purchased a new position in CONSOL Energy during the first quarter worth approximately $136,000. Two Sigma Securities LLC purchased a new position in CONSOL Energy during the first quarter worth approximately $169,000. Trexquant Investment LP purchased a new position in CONSOL Energy during the first quarter worth approximately $176,000. Finally, Stephens Inc. AR purchased a new position in CONSOL Energy during the first quarter worth approximately $183,000. 


 Get CONSOL Energy Inc. alerts:



CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX) opened at 16.31 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $14.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.12. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.75 billion. CONSOL Energy Inc. has a 12 month low of $13.55 and a 12 month high of $22.34. 




CONSOL Energy (NYSE:CNX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.17 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $698.71 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $648.26 million. CONSOL Energy had a negative net margin of 36.01% and a negative return on equity of 1.12%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 31.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.43) earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that CONSOL Energy Inc. will post $0.50 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/antipodes-partners-ltd-has-41-94-million-stake-in-consol-energy-inc-nysecnx-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages have issued reports on CNX. Scotiabank set a $24.00 price objective on CONSOL Energy and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $26.00 target price on shares of CONSOL Energy in a report on Friday, July 14th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $20.00 target price on CONSOL Energy and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. BidaskClub raised CONSOL Energy from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, June 29th. Finally, ValuEngine lowered CONSOL Energy from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, four have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $22.70.
CONSOL Energy Company Profile
CONSOL Energy Inc (CONSOL Energy) is an integrated energy company. The Company’s divisions include Exploration and Production (E&P), Pennsylvania (PA) Mining Operations and Other. The E&P division operates through four segments: Marcellus Shale, Utica Shale, Coalbed Methane (CBM) and Other Gas, which produce pipeline quality natural gas for sale primarily to gas wholesalers. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for CONSOL Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CONSOL Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys United States Natural Gas Fund LP, Gilead Sciences, Baidu - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys United States Natural Gas Fund LP, Gilead Sciences, Baidu


April 11, 2017, 08:38:02 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


ANTIPODES PARTNERS LtdNew Purchases: UNG , DYN , ITUB , WUBA, BITA,Added Positions:GILD, BIDU, ODP, CSCO, MSFT, CNX, WU, COF, JD, AYA,For the details of ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=ANTIPODES+PARTNERS+LtdThese are the top 5 holdings of ANTIPODES PARTNERS LtdBaidu Inc ( BIDU ) - 343,489 shares, 10.14% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 20.79%Gilead Sciences Inc ( GILD ) - 781,418 shares, 9.84% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 23.41%Cisco Systems Inc ( CSCO ) - 1,556,031 shares, 8.53% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 21.25%Office Depot Inc ( ODP ) - 10,126,124 shares, 8.24% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 23.51%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 680,575 shares, 7.61% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 22.73%New Purchase: United States Natural Gas Fund LP (UNG)ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd initiated holdings in United States Natural Gas Fund LP. The purchase prices were between $6.53 and $9.34, with an estimated average price of $7.6. The stock is now traded at around $7.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 4.18%. The holdings were 3,119,089 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Dynegy Inc (DYN)ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd initiated holdings in Dynegy Inc. The purchase prices were between $6.96 and $10.42, with an estimated average price of $8.59. The stock is now traded at around $7.91. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.41%. The holdings were 1,015,645 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Itau Unibanco Holding SA (ITUB)ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd initiated holdings in Itau Unibanco Holding SA. The purchase prices were between $10.7 and $13.52, with an estimated average price of $12.22. The stock is now traded at around $12.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 61,921 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: 58.com Inc (WUBA)ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd initiated holdings in 58.com Inc. The purchase prices were between $28 and $37.82, with an estimated average price of $33.02. The stock is now traded at around $37.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 11,715 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Bitauto Holdings Ltd (BITA)ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd initiated holdings in Bitauto Holdings Ltd. The purchase prices were between $18.52 and $26.36, with an estimated average price of $21.75. The stock is now traded at around $24.04. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 10,932 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Gilead Sciences Inc ( GILD )ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd added to the holdings in Gilead Sciences Inc by 23.41%. The purchase prices were between $65.59 and $76.38, with an estimated average price of $70.32. The stock is now traded at around $66.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.87%. The holdings were 781,418 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Baidu Inc ( BIDU )ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd added to the holdings in Baidu Inc by 20.79%. The purchase prices were between $168.26 and $186.01, with an estimated average price of $175.99. The stock is now traded at around $174.22. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.75%. The holdings were 343,489 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Office Depot Inc ( ODP )ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd added to the holdings in Office Depot Inc by 23.51%. The purchase prices were between $4.17 and $4.83, with an estimated average price of $4.53. The stock is now traded at around $4.80. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.57%. The holdings were 10,126,124 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Cisco Systems Inc ( CSCO )ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd added to the holdings in Cisco Systems Inc by 21.25%. The purchase prices were between $29.98 and $34.44, with an estimated average price of $32.43. The stock is now traded at around $33.01. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.49%. The holdings were 1,556,031 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Microsoft Corp ( MSFT )ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd added to the holdings in Microsoft Corp by 22.73%. The purchase prices were between $62.3 and $65.86, with an estimated average price of $64.09. The stock is now traded at around $65.53. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.41%. The holdings were 680,575 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Consol Energy Inc (CNX)ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd added to the holdings in Consol Energy Inc by 38.94%. The purchase prices were between $14.92 and $19.54, with an estimated average price of $16.91. The stock is now traded at around $17.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.15%. The holdings were 1,290,688 shares as of 2017-03-31.GILD 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of GILDPeter Lynch Chart of GILDPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        BIDU
                                    
, 

                                        GILD
                                    
, 

                                        CSCO
                                    
, 

                                        ODP
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







An Exciting New Drug Is in Clinical Trials for Aspreva Pharmaceuticals


						7/25/2017 02:28 PM
					



Facebook, Inc. Might Also Jump Into Smart Speaker Fray


						7/25/2017 02:18 PM
					



Why Shares of Oracle Have Soared 32% So Far This Year


						7/25/2017 02:09 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize
Liberty Media discusses potential deal with Univision -source







Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
South Alabama Property Receives CSX Select Site Designation
GameStop and ThinkGeek Bring Comic-Con to You




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





BIDU








81%



Rate It





GILD








91%



Rate It





CSCO








85%



Rate It





ODP








100%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX














































﻿





























ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Has $80.09 Million Stake in Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Baidu Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Baidu Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Purchases 26 Shares of E*TRADE Financial Corporation (ETFC)
35,957 Shares in L Brands, Inc. (NYSE:LB) Acquired by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC
Snap-On Incorporated (SNA) Shares Bought by RB Capital Management LLC
ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Has $80.09 Million Stake in Baidu, Inc. (BIDU)
Basic Energy Services, Inc. (NYSE:BAS) Coverage Initiated at Credit Suisse Group
American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Holds Position in Kimco Realty Corporation (NYSE:KIM)
United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) Position Maintained by Cohen Klingenstein LLC
Grimes & Company Inc. Sells 70 Shares of 3M Company (NYSE:MMM)
LS Investment Advisors LLC Increases Position in Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:MPC)
Loews Corporation (NYSE:L) Stake Maintained by Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc.
Dover Corporation (DOV) Position Reduced by Charter Trust Co.
U S Concrete, Inc. (USCR) Position Reduced by First American Bank
Central Garden & Pet Company (NASDAQ:CENT) Research Coverage Started at CL King
First American Bank Has $248,000 Stake in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT)
Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Holds Position in PPL Corporation (NYSE:PPL)
Charter Trust Co. Buys 580 Shares of Unum Group (UNM)
EPR Properties (EPR) Position Increased by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Unilever PLC (UL) Position Boosted by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Cancer Genetics, Inc. (NASDAQ:CGIX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Audentes Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:BOLD) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research







ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Has $80.09 Million Stake in Baidu, Inc. (BIDU)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd boosted its stake in  Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU) by 30.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 447,798 shares of the information services provider’s stock after buying an additional 104,309 shares during the period. Baidu makes up   10.5% of ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd’s portfolio, making the stock its largest position. ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd owned 0.13% of Baidu worth $80,093,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP bought a new stake in shares of  Baidu during the fourth quarter worth $58,300,000.  Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of  Baidu during the fourth quarter worth $933,189,000.  River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP bought a new stake in shares of  Baidu during the fourth quarter worth $2,058,000.  Orbis Allan Gray Ltd raised its stake in shares of  Baidu by 206.2% in the fourth quarter. Orbis Allan Gray Ltd now owns 2,770,169 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $455,443,000 after buying an additional 1,865,337 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Baidu by 34.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,456,384 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $568,265,000 after buying an additional 883,702 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  64.44% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Baidu Inc. alerts:



Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU) traded up 0.42% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $192.12. 910,417 shares of the company traded hands. Baidu, Inc. has a one year low of $156.23 and a one year high of $197.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $66.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.95 and a beta of 1.91. The company’s 50-day moving average is $182.55 and its 200-day moving average is $179.29. 





ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Has $80.09 Million Stake in Baidu, Inc. (BIDU)” was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/baidu-inc-bidu-is-antipodes-partners-ltds-largest-position-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on BIDU. Sanford C. Bernstein  reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $152.00 price target (down from $188.00) on shares of Baidu in a research note on Friday, July 14th. HSBC Holdings plc  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $223.00 price target on shares of Baidu in a research note on Monday, July 10th. TheStreet lowered shares of Baidu from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. BidaskClub raised shares of Baidu from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $208.00 target price on shares of Baidu in a research note on Monday, June 19th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $189.02.
Baidu Company Profile
Baidu, Inc is a Chinese language Internet search provider. The Company offers a Chinese language search platform on its Baidu.com Website that enables users to find information online, including Webpages, news, images, documents and multimedia files, through links provided on its Website. In addition to serving individual Internet search users, the Company provides a platform for businesses to reach customers.







Receive News & Ratings for Baidu Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baidu Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


























































Antipodes | Scientifically Validated Natural Skincare































































  Subscribe to Beauty News
  Please enter a valid email address

                     
                     





Exit









Antipodes



























Menu
Antipodes


Subscribe
Search




Story


Anti-Aging Science


New Zealand Nature


Vinanza Grape


Organic


Sustainable


Healthy Lipsticks


We Love


Store


中文





Search








Close


Story


Anti-Aging Science


New Zealand Nature


Vinanza Grape


Organic
                


Sustainable
                


Healthy Lipsticks


We Love


Store








Search










      Skip to main content
    


















FOLLOW US 



                                            Antipodes is a Scientifically Validated Organic Beauty™ brand pioneering a new niche in skincare globally: certified organic and premium natural products with skin performance proven by science. Featuring revolutionary Vinanza antioxidants from New Zealand grown superfruit, nutrient-rich avocado oil, and antibacterial manuka honey. 

                                        


















GREEN BEAUTY



                                            Love Nature. 
Those two words guide us in everything we do. We're constantly inspired by the natural beauty of our homeland New Zealand: an exotic, fresh and new world Antipodean nation. 

We believe we’ve found the answer to anti-aging in New Zealand nature. Certified vegetarian, Antipodes is designed for eco-conscious world citizens. 
                                        










We Love



                                            Our devotees, celebrity love, bloggers, reviews, inspirational quotes and more
                                        









Previous



Next










                                Trailblazing a new niche in skincare innovation: Scientifically Validated Organic Beauty™ 






ANTI-AGING SCIENCE 












                                Antipodes Story
                            

STORY








                                Connect with Nature
                            

NZ Nature








                                The powerful antioxidants that supercharge Antipodes' anti-aging skincare
                            

Vinanza










                                Connect with Nature: Certified organic skincare
                            

Organic








                                Sustainability in its many forms
                            

A sustainable skincare range








                                Healthy Lipsticks
                            

Healthy Lipsticks





















        


           


       


       


            


      




Previous



Next








                                Front row seats
                            

                                Beauty insider
                            












Happy National Lipstick Day


 WE LOVE











THE BEST natural skincare


 WE LOVE











FLARE: Vanilla Pod Hydrating Day Cream


 WE LOVE











Spring Lipsticks


 HEALTHY LIPSTICKS











Meeting Rising Star Teresa


 WE LOVE











Beauty as Art: Antipodes Review


 WE LOVE











Beauty Queen UK: lipsticks Review


 WE LOVE











Get Creative with your Makeup


 Healthy Lipsticks











Antipodes Founder: Best Career Advice


 WE LOVE











Evangeline Lilly loves Antipodes


 WE LOVE











Estée - Apostle Skin-Brightening Serum 


 We Love











NEW Skin-Brightening Minis


 New Zealand Nature











Antipodes wins another award!


 We Love











Estée Lalonde loves Antipodes


 We Love











Em Ford wears Piha Beach Tangerine


 We Love











Lou Dartford creates amazing look 


 We Love












                                                Have you seen our Brand Story video?

                                            

 Brand Story











Winter Collection - Lipsticks


 We Love











Autumn Collection Video


 We Love











Hosting leading UK beauty blogger


 WE LOVE











Autumn Collection - Lipsticks


 We Love











Em Ford - A Valentine's Treat


 











Em Ford - Hello Sydney!


 











Christmas gifts for travel lovers


 Christmas Gift Ideas











Body Nurture: Joyful Hand & Body Cream


 Products











Antipodes Breakfast at Haven


 We Love











Psychologies: Elle Macpherson


 Devotees











Janey Loves Avocado Night Cream


 AWARDS











Eco Edit: Elizabeth Barbalich


 WE LOVE











Antipodes takes to the skies


 New Zealand Nature











Green Gold: Organic Avocado


 New Zealand Nature











Antipodes & WWF Partnership


 New Zealand Nature











Antipodes New Saviour Skin Balm Mini


 New Zealand Nature











For your brightest skin ever


 We Love














Sarah Lilly: Winter Collection


 WE LOVE











The CSI Girls: Antipodes Cleanser


 WE LOVE











Aura Manuka Honey Mask in France


 WE LOVE











Antipodes: Good Enough to Eat


 WE LOVE











Nana Wintour: Queenstown Hot Chocolate


 WE LOVE











The Auras of Life


 WE LOVE











NEW Skin-Brightening Minis


 New Zealand Nature











The CSI Girls - cruelty free


 We Love











Estee Lalonde - Phia Beach Tangerine


 Devotees











The Residents: Autumn Lipstick Fix


 devotees











Temporary Princess: New Lipsticks


 devotees











Antipodes for Combination Skin


 devotees











One Little Vic: Manuka Eye & Day


 devotees











Face of SJW: Top 5 Cleansers


 devotees











Natural Products: New Lipsticks


 devotees











Lily Not Louise: Lipstick Launch


 devotees











Marisa Robinson: Lipsticks


 devotees











Michelle Crossan: Lipsticks


 devotees











So Healthy You Could Eat Them!?


 devotees











Kaotic Mumma: La la la lipstick


 devotees











Review: Moisture-Boost Lipsticks


 devotees











Em Ford goes behind the scenes 


 We Love











Banishing Blemishes with Aura


 devotees











Antipodes: Kiwi Seed Oil Eye Cream


 devotees











Skincare Essentials - Elle Grace


 devotees











Antipodes and the world's largest retailer


 Beauty News











New Natural Moisture-Boost Lipsticks


 Products











Em Ford on Antipodes skincare


 devotees











Successful Singles’ Day in China


 Media











Manuka Honey: Bejing Youth Daily


 Media











Katrina Chan: The first day of summer


 devotees











The Happy Laura: My Go To Skincare


 devotees











AU Natural: Skincare & Makeup Guide


 devotees











Antipodes Blogger Breakfast


 Devotees











Elke Kahler: New Antipodes Products


 Devotees











This week we're obsessed with...


 Beauty News











Laura Louise Beauty: Manuka Duo


 Devotees











Perks of Being Ami: Skincare Routine


 Devotees











Her Quarters: Skincare Picks for Summer


 Devotees











Organic Beauty Week 2016: The Kats Paws


 Devotees











Sartorial Minimalist: Serums


 Devotees











Emmys Beauty: Multi-Use Skincare


 Devotees











Organic Beauty Week: Skincare Routine


 Devotees











How does fragrance work? 


 Fragrances











Revitalising my skin with Antipodes


 Devotees











Georgia May Jagger uses Divine Face Oil


 Celebrity Devotees









  









Featured













HEALTHY LIPSTICKS


Lipsticks to carry you from day to night
To achieve elegance anywhere this season, Boom Rock Bronze, West Coast Sunset and Ruby Bay Rouge are your essential lipstick shades. These three versatile colours come together in our Spring Collection of Moisture-Boost Natural Lipsticks.











We Love


Meeting rising star Teresa
Antipodes recently visited the Beijing film set of a new web series being made for iQIYI, the largest online video site in China. We were thrilled to see the film crew in action and personally meet Teresa 朱致灵, the series’ lead actress.











Healthy Lipsticks


Get creative with your makeup
Wellington bloggers joined Antipodes for an evening of creativity and colour in celebration of our Spring Collection of Moisture-Boost Natural Lipsticks. Inspiration was in the air as the women tested out new looks.











Anti-Aging Science


NEW Skin-Brightening Minis
Restore your skin’s radiance and clarity











We Love


Grace Gentle Cream Cleanser has won the Best Organic Skincare Product
Antipodes wins another award!













NEW ZEALAND NATURE


Antipodes Brand Story 2017 
Discover Antipodes in this short film.













We Love


Antipodes takes prime spot at Cannes Film Festival
Natural and organic skin care brand Antipodes, made its first appearance at the Cannes Film Festival last month.











We Love


Em Ford falls in love with NZ
Hosting leading UK beauty blogger











We Love


UK Beauty Blogger goes behind the scenes 
Em Ford finds out how Antipodes products are made.











NEW ZEALAND NATURE


Our Manuka Honey Skin-Brightening Duo
Liquid gold for your brightest skin ever











NEW ZEALAND NATURE


Natural skincare from the New Zealand rainforest
Discover botanical bioactives sustainably harvested from this extraordinary environment











NEW ZEALAND NATURE


Premium natural skincare ingredients from New Zealand producers
We present the best in the world to the rest of the world











ANTI-AGING SCIENCE


Help support elasticity and skin firmness
Learn more about the skin benefits of revolutionary antioxidant extract Vinanza Grape











Sustainable


Vegetarian skincare and vegetarian makeup you can trust
Antipodes skincare and makeup is approved by the Vegetarian Society of the United Kingdom











VINANZA GRAPE 


Maximise skin health with Vinanza Oxifend Plus
Be proactive in helping your skin be its most healthy and youthful best











Vinanza Grape 


Anti-inflammatory Vinanza Oxifend
Extracted  from the skins of sustainably harvested New Zealand pinot noir red grapes











VINANZA GRAPE


Vinanza Grape & Kiwi helps improve skin appearance
Learn more about this revolutionary new antioxidant compound











NEW ZEALAND NATURE


New Zealand: Her unpolluted beauty
Connect with nature in New Zealand











VINANZA GRAPE 


Help lighten skin, freckles and age spots with Vinanza Kiwi
This antioxidant extract comes from New Zealand grown kiwifruit











SCIENTIFIC NATURAL MAKEUP


Applies like a powder, feels like a cream
Find out the best method for achieving the flawless application of our mineral foundations and finishing powder











VINANZA GRAPE 


A world-first skincare innovation
Discover the anti-aging secret in sauvignon blanc grapes











Vinanza Grape 


Improve elasticity and firmness in your skin with Vinanza Grape
Vinanza Grape antioxidant extract is taken directly from sauvignon blanc grape seeds from Marlborough vineyards











SUSTAINABLE


Green Beauty Ethos
Introducing our company environmental sustainability policy: Antipodes Green Beauty Ethos











ANTI-AGING SCIENCE 


The buzz around our skin-brightening skincare & makeup
Our specialist products target pigmentation for a fresher visage











Sustainable


We love supporting WWF
We are the only beauty brand in the world to be selected by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) as an official partner











ORGANIC


Our Green Gold: Organic avocado oil
We love this fruit's amazing skincare properties











NEW ZEALAND NATURE


Best beauty hacks using natural skincare
Alternative uses for some of our devotee favourites











SUSTAINABLE


55 Seconds for 55 Dolphins
How your daily beauty routine could help save the dolphins











ANTI-AGING SCIENCE


Six amazing serums, but which one is best for you?
Our range of serums target specific skin issues











ORGANIC 


How does fragrance work?
Why certain scents remind us of life events











NEW ZEALAND NATURE


How Antipodes fragrances are created
Our range of fragrances are specially developed by a French-born expert from natural, sustainable plant sources











SUSTAINABLE


Sourcing sustainable palm oil
Antipodes is committed to sourcing premium, sustainable ingredients for our natural skincare range











HEALTHY LIPSTICKS 


Beauty Expert Q & A: natural makeup
Can natural makeup give you the same results as traditional makeup?











SUSTAINABLE


Antipodes takes to the skies
We’re proud to meet Air New Zealand’s strict criteria for an environmentally friendly supplier











SCIENTIFIC NATURAL MAKEUP


Discover a natural makeup collection like no other
Experience hydrating, flawless skin perfection











SUSTAINABLE


Antipodes takes to the skies
Discover our signature green beauty products onboard Air New Zealand











SUSTAINABLE


Positively impacting communities
How are our social sustainability initiatives making a difference?











ANTI-AGING SCIENCE 


Ever wondered how oil is extracted from tiny seeds?
Cold-pressing is the ancient method we favour











ANTI-AGING SCIENCE 


The good oil on Antipodes
Our pure plant oils deliver a powerful skin boost











NEW ZEALAND NATURE


Kiwi seed oil is perfect for skin
Kiwi seed oil can help improve elasticity as well as reduce wrinkles and fine lines











Sustainable


 Antipodes partners with World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF)
Discover how our partnership is a world-first for the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF)











NEW ZEALAND NATURE 


Where do we source our pure, active sustainable manuka honey?
We choose to partner with Watson & Son, a New Zealand company that shares our sustainability values 











ANTI-AGING SCIENCE


The science of manuka honey
This antibacterial superfood is a key ingredient in our natural skincare range 











ANTI-AGING SCIENCE


Your life depends on bees
These tiny creatures are essential to life on Earth











Sustainable


An ecosystem of suppliers
Economic sustainability is one of the three components of the ‘triple bottom line’ of company sustainability. Here’s what that means to us.











Sustainable


Environmentally friendly packaging
Our packaging is green in more ways than colour.











ORGANIC


The avant-garde scents of Antipodes
Fresh. Natural. Exotic.




















Twitter

Facebook

Instagram

Tumblr

Pinterest


RSS





Site Map |
                    Competition Terms |
                                       Privacy Policy |
                    Site Legal |
                    Shopping Terms |
                    Contact us



© 2016 Antipodes
























Antipodes Global Investment Company Ltd (APL.AX)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Antipodes Global Investment Company Ltd (APL.AX)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsInvestment Trusts












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				APL.AX on Australia Stock Exchange


				1.25AUD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

$1.25


Open

$1.25




Day's High

$1.25


Day's Low

$1.24




Volume

700,560


Avg. Vol

428,423




52-wk High

$1.29


52-wk Low

$1.02












					Full Description



		Antipodes Global Investment Company Limited is an investment company. The Company's investment objectives are to provide capital growth and income through investing in a concentrated portfolio, predominantly consisting of long and short positions in international listed securities, that will be actively managed with a focus on capital preservation, and achieve returns in excess of the benchmark, in each case, over a full investment cycle of typically 3 to 5 years. It will invest in various securities (typically between 20 and 60 securities). It may invest in exchange traded and over-the-counter derivatives, including options, participatory notes, futures and swaps for fixed income, currency commodities and credit default exposures, currency forwards/contracts and related instruments. It invests in a range of financial products and instruments, including debt securities (excluding mortgaged back securities), and other physical commodities. Its manager is Antipodes Partners Limited.
» Full Overview of APL.AX







					Company Address



Antipodes Global Investment Company Ltd
L 35 60 Margaret StSYDNEY   NSW   2000








					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors




» More Officers & Directors





					Antipodes Global Investment Company Ltd News




» More APL.AX  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsInvestment Trusts





















Apollo Global Capital Inc (APL.PS)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Apollo Global Capital Inc (APL.PS)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				APL.PS on Philippine Stock Exchange


				0.04PHP
24 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    Php0.00


					            (+2.33%)
					        






Prev Close

Php0.04


Open

Php0.04




Day's High

Php0.04


Day's Low

Php0.04




Volume

56,400,000


Avg. Vol

72,900,345




52-wk High

Php0.08


52-wk Low

Php0.04












					Full Description



		Apollo Global Capital, Inc., formerly Yehey! Corporation, is a Philippines-based digital marketing company. The Company is engaged in the business of Internet online related products relating to database research engine, such as conceptualizing, designing, illustrating, processing, editing Websites, other preproduction and post-production work on Websites in Internet, and selling and marketing said products in the form of advertising of finished products in the domestic or export market. The Company, under the Yehey Marketing Solutions, offers its clients digital marketing services to include Web Design and Development, Web Management, Media Buying and Planning, Digital Public Relation (PR) and Reputation Management, Digital Strategy, Social Media Marketing, Digital Research and Digital Strategy. It also strategizes and develops marketing tools, such as promotions, games, events and blogs.
» Full Overview of APL.PS







					Company Address



Apollo Global Capital Inc
Ut 1801A,Est Tr Pl Stk Ex Ctr Bg25 ADB Avenue, Ortigas CenterOrtigas CenterPASIG      1605
P: +632.9106420F: +632.9106420







					Company Web Links











					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Salvador Santos-Ocampo

--




							 Vittorio Paulo Lim

--




							 Lucky Uy

--




							 Maribel Bere

--




							 Julio Cesar Villanueva

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Apollo Global Capital Inc News




» More APL.PS  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Amazon.com: antipodes







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






























































































1-16 of 2,121 results for "antipodes"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals









Showing most relevant results. See all results for antipodes.



Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackAntipodes Divine Face Oil - Certified Organicby Antipodes
$
24
11

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible orders
5 out of 5 stars
4Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackAntipodes Organic Grapeseed Butter Cleanserby superkrit
$
33
50

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible orders
5 out of 5 stars
5Antipodes Apostle Skin Brightening & Tone Correcting Serumby Antipodes
$
49
93

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $49.00Other Sellers
5 out of 5 stars
2Product Description... Tone-Correcting Serum from Antipodes.Here is a water-based ...Antipodes Aura Manuka Honey Treatment Mask, 75milliliter 2.5fl ozby Antipodes
$
32
79

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $29.80Other Sellers
4.1 out of 5 stars
7

Items from other brands(2pcs) Innisfree Super Volcanic Pore Clay...by Innisfree
$
24
89

Prime
4.4 out of 5 stars
319Trilogy Certified Organic Rosehip Oil -...by Trilogy
$
18
89

Prime
4.3 out of 5 stars
190Primera Alpine Berry Watery Cream 50mlby Primera Technology
$
27
69


4.7 out of 5 stars
7Goldwell Kerasilk Reconstruct Intensive...by Goldwell
$
32
14

Prime
4.2 out of 5 stars
13







Antipodes Divine Face Oil - Certified Organicby Antipodes
$
24
11

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $24.11Other Sellers
5 out of 5 stars
4Antipodes Organic Avocado Pear Nourishing Night Creamby Antipodes
$
38
41

($19.20/Fl Oz)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $35.95Other Sellers
3.9 out of 5 stars
13Product Description... into the effects of Antipodes products on the production of ...Antipodes Vanilla Pod Hydrating Day Creamby Antipodes Beauty
$
37
00

($17.62/Fl Oz)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $29.70Other Sellers
4.7 out of 5 stars
9Product Description... Pod Hydrating Day Cream from Antipodes is a light but intensive ...Antipodes Juliet Skin Brightening Gel Cleanserby Antipodes
$
37
09

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $34.99Other Sellers
4.4 out of 5 stars
4Product Description... Brightening Gel Cleanser from Antipodes is a high-performance cleanser ...The Antipodes (TCG Edition)Jan 9, 2018by Annie BakerPaperback
$
12
11

$14.95PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-order. This item will be released on January 9, 2018.See DetailsPre-order Price Guarantee. See DetailsAmazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.Amazon's Choicefor "antipodes"Antipodes Kiwi Seed Oil Eye Creamby Chom
$
38
31

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $38.31Other Sellers
4 out of 5 stars
4Antipodes Organic Hosanna H20 Intensive Skin-Plumping Serum - 1 oz.by Antipodes
$
41
53

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $41.53Other SellersJoyous Protein-Rich Night Replenish Serum - 1 oz.by Antipodes
$
39
94

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $39.94Other Sellers
4.5 out of 5 stars
2Product Description... pure joy. Ships Free! All Antipodes Skin Care products Ship Free. ...Antipodes Reincarnation Pure Facial Exfoliator - 2.5 oz.by Antipodes
$
31
08

Get it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $31.08Other Sellers
5 out of 5 stars
1AntipodesJul 11, 2017by Jill L'ArgentKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
2
99

to buyBorrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeANTIPODES MERINO Wool Sleep Bag – Premium Baby Sleeping Sack – All Season (...by Antipodes Merino
$
75
99

$99.99Get it by Thursday, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.4 out of 5 stars
35Product Description... retardant & UV protective … ANTIPODES MERINO: For parents who worry ...Antipodes Saviour Skin Balmby Antipodes
$
54
24

($21.44/Fl Oz)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersAntipodes Resurrect Facial Toner 100ml
$
28
94

Organic Grace Gentle Cream Cleanser - 4.32 oz. by Antipodesby Antipodes
$
40
75

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $39.99Other Sellers














 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
20
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forBeauty & Personal CareFacial Cleansing ProductsFace MoisturizersFacial MasksFacial Night CreamsBody OilsFacial Cleansing GelsDark Circle Eye TreatmentsFacial Creams & MoisturizersFacial ExfoliatorsFacial SerumsSee moreBooksDramas & PlaysAmerican Dramas & PlaysDramas & Plays by WomenGeographyAustralia & New Zealand HistoryLiterary CriticismDevelopment & Growth EconomicsSocial SciencesBiology of WildlifeOceania HistorySee moreGrocery & Gourmet FoodMineral Drinking WaterBaby Clothing & ShoesBaby Girls' Sleepwear & RobesBaby Boys' Sleepwear & RobesKindle StoreHistoryDigital MusicHealth, Household & Baby CareCDs & VinylClothing, Shoes & JewelryMovies & TVBabyEverything ElseHome & KitchenAlexa SkillsApps & GamesCollectibles & Fine ArtSee All 16 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonBrandAntipodesChomAntipodes BeautysuperkritAntipodes MerinoCorvus BelliCubico CoffeeGenderWomen'sUnisexSkin Care ConcernAnti-AgingDehydration & DrynessSensitive & RednessFace Moisturizer FormatCreamBook FormatHardcoverKindle EditionAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates














Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







