




About us – APA Insurance


































REACH US ON :  O20 286 2000








REACH US ON :  O20 286 2000











Home
About us
Media Center
CSR





















Home
About us
Media Center
CSR
  








Introduction
Our History
Our Companies
Our People
Financials











About us
We are built on Commitment, Integrity and Innovation.












QUICK LINKS





MEDIA CENTRE





FIND US





CLIENT PORTAL





INTERMEDIARY PORTAL








APOLLO INVESTMENTS LIMITED
Welcome to Apollo Investments Limited. Since our founding in 1977, our mission has been to provide present and future peace of mind to the East African market and, in turn, enhance the quality of life for both our clients and their loved ones.
Built on commitment, integrity and innovation, we have risen to become one of the leading Financial Service Groups in East Africa.
The Apollo Group has 6 companies; APA Insurance, APA Life, APA Uganda, Apollo Asset Management, Gordon Court (Apollo Centre) and Reliance Insurance, Tanzania






OUR HISTORY






1981:







Apollo Branch established in Nairobi.









1982:







Gordon Court purchased as a specialist property development company.









2003:







APA Insurance Kenya formed after the merger of the general businesses of Apollo Insurance Company and Pan Africa Insurance.









2009:







Gordon Court – completes the construction of Apollo Centre which becomes the group headquarters. APA Insurance (Uganda).
A specialist General Insurance provider in Uganda commenced operations.









2010:







Apollo Insurance separates its Life Insurance business to form Apollo Life Assurance Limited.









2013:







Apollo Life Assurance Ltd rebrands to APA Life Assurance  Limited.


















MISSION
We put smiles on the faces of our stakeholders









VISION
To be the region’s most respected Group creating and protecting wealth.







Our Customer Service Charter
At Apollo Group, we are committed to the continuous improvement of our service to you, ensuring we are always ready to listen, help and advise you.
view service charter




Apollo Group comprises:



APA Insurance Kenya

As one of the leading general insurers in Kenya, APA Insurance caters to both individuals and corporates across the country  with its wide range of insurance solutions as well as services that go beyond insurance.
The flagship company, was formed after the merger of the general businesses of Apollo Insurance Company and Pan Africa Insurance. With a combined experience of over 100 years (Pan Africa – 1946 and Apollo –1977), APA has become the largest insurance firm in Kenya and the most innovative in product offering.
APA Insurance underwrites General Insurance risks such as Motor, Liability, Agriculture, Marine, Aviation, Property and Micro Insurance. We also underwrite Health Insurance, i.e. Corporate Health Insurance, Individual and Family Health Insurance.



APA Insurance Uganda

Our wholly-owned subsidiary is in its sixth year of operation (2016). The company’s market share and ranking has improved and has been recognized for Best Claims Service by the insurance industry in Uganda.
It underwrites all classes of General Insurance including marine and aviation.



APA Life Assurance

APA Life Assurance is one of the leading insurance companies in Kenya, providing Life Insurance and Pension Benefits. It has been recognised as the Best Insurance Company in Claims Settlement (Life Business).
Our products include: Employee Benefits such as Group Life Assurance, Last Expense, Disability Covers and Individual Pension Plans. We also provide Unit Linked Investment Plans and Education Plans, and individual products i.e. APA Elimu ,Pumzisha, Imarika and Hosicare.



Apollo Asset Management Company

Apollo Asset Management Company (AAMC) is focused exclusively on meeting needs of institutional investors like pension schemes, Saccos, and High Net Worth investors and their families. We also have unit trust funds that cater for individuals as well as groups ie chamas. AAMC is licensed by the Capital Markets Authority (CMA) and the Retirement benefits Authority (RBA) to conduct Fund Management and Investment Advisory Services.



Apollo Centre Conference Suites

Apollo Centre is wholly owned by Gordon Court Limited, a subsidiary of AIL. It is a commercial building situated in the Westlands area of Nairobi.
Besides being the group headquarters, Apollo Centre offers modern conference facilities including: private meeting rooms and custom designed training rooms fitted with state of the art equipment.
The facility is popular with a number of corporate and individual clients due to its exclusivity and convenience. Gordon Court continues to provide a strong foundation for the development of our land assets.



Reliance Insurance Company (Tz)

Reliance Insurance Company (Tz) was formed in 1998 in light of the opportunities offered by the privatisation of the insurance industry in Tanzania. It is an associate of APA Insurance.
APA Insurance Limited acquired 34% of the shares consequent to the merger of Pan African Insurance and Apollo Insurance. The company has been making steady progress and has built a strong financial base and an equally strong customer-oriented culture.
Reliance is one of the leading private non-life insurers in Tanzania offering a wide range of products to cover all kinds of property and liability risk exposures like Fire, General Crime and Accident, Motor Vehicles, Cargo, etc. It is committed to excellence in customer service and good corporate governance.








Financials





2016 APA Insurance Annual Report and Financial Statements
 







2016 APA Life Annual Report and Financial Statements
 







2015 APA Insurance Annual Report and Financial Statements
 







2015 APA Life Annual Report and Financial Statements
 







2015 APA Insurance Uganda Annual Report and Financial Statements
 














Vinod Bharatan
Chief Executive Officer
Vinod has over 35 years’ insurance experience both in India and Kenya. He has a proven track record of success in multiple areas including sales, marketing, operations, technology and financial acumen. He has a Master of Art Degree (MA English) from Rajasthan University and is an Associate of the Insurance Institute of India.









Bernard Kinyanjui
Head of Corporate Business
Bernard Kinyanjui serves as the Head of Corporate Business and has 17 years of experience in the Insurance industry
Mr. Kinyanjui holds a Bachelor of Commerce in Finance, CII Diploma, Certificate of Proficiency in Insurance (COP) and currently pursuing a Master’s Degree from JKUAT
He is also a member of the Chartered Insurance Institute.









John Kigochi
Chief Finance Officer
Kigochi holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree – Accounting Option, from the University of Nairobi, an MBA – Finance, and a CPA (K).
He has over 18 years Insurance experience.









Parul Khimasia
Chief Business Development Officer
Parul Khimasia holds a Bachelor’s degree in Management Science from the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST).
He has over 14 years of experience in the Insurance industry.









S J Njoroge
Chief Operations Officer
SJ Njoroge, popularly known as ‘SJ’, holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Nairobi and is a Chartered Insurer by profession.
He is an associate member the Kenya Institute of Management (KIM).









Manju Naul
Director of Operations
Manju is the Director of Operations. She has 35 years working experience in the Kenyan Insurance Industry









Sheila Gichuhi
Head of Health
Sheila Gichuhi is the Head of Health Business, and has over 10 years of experience in the Health Industry.
She holds a Bachelor’s degree in International Business Administration-Management from the United States International University.









Caroline Kamau
Director of Business Development
Caroline Kamau has 15 years of experience in the insurance Industry. She holds a Bachelor’s in Commerce Business Administration-Management & Marketing from Daystar University. She is also an Associate of the Insurance Institute of Kenya.









Amos Mabuka
Director of business development
Amos is a seasoned Insurance professional with extensive, hands – on experience in both Business Development and Operations Management. He is a Chartered Insurer as well as Associate of The Chartered Insurance Institute – UK, with over 17 years progressive Insurance Industry experience. Mr. Mabuka also holds a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and is currently pursuing an MBA in Strategic Management









Lucy kuria
Head of Care Team
Lucy is a medic by profession with over 34 years’ experience in the health care sector and has over 27 years managerial experience in health care management. She has accreditation from the South African case management association.









Catherine Karimi
CEO, APA Life
Catherine holds a Bachelor of Education – Science, from the Kenyatta University, and a CII Diploma. She also has Actuarial Studies background and currently pursuing Senior Management Leadership Programme at Strathmore Business School.  She has 18 years’ experience in the Kenyan Insurance industry.









Shalini Goswami
Head of Health Claims
Shalini has a  PhD in Food Science from the University of Reading to complement her Bsc (Hon) in Food Science & Technology from the University of Nairobi.
She has 16 years’ experience in the Health insurance business and has overseen the acquisition and implementation of the APA Health claims system.









Charles Wambua
Head of Microinsurance & Agribusiness
Charles holds a Bachelors degree in Education, a Masters degree in Business Administration and is currently pursuing a Masters degree in Economics. He has over 22 years of experience in economic development programs both locally and across several countries in Africa and has  played key roles in the microinsurance landscape surveys for Kenya and for Africa jointly published by Munique Re Foundation and GIZ program “Making Finance Work for Africa”.









Chris Ngala
Group Head of Internal Audit
Chris is the Group Head of Internal Audit with over 20 combined years in the Accounting and Audit professions. He is a member of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Kenya and the Information Systems and Control Association. Prior to joining the Apollo Group, he held similar positions at the Jubilee Holdings and NIC Bank. He also worked in various capacities at Commercial Bank of Africa Limited. He is a member of the Institute of Internal Auditors.









James Nyakomitta
Group Chief Information Officer
James is an experienced Information & Communication Technology professional with extensive background in planning, organizing and implementing Information communication and related Technologies that support business operations. He holds a Masters degree in Business Administration and is a graduate of Computer Science. James has served in various ICT leadership roles for the past 14 years in both Insurance and Banking sectors, with continued success in meeting business / operational goals. He is a member of Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA).









Juliana Nguli
Group Head of Human Resource
Juliana is the Group Head of Human Resources and has 20 years of professional experience and skill in human resources across broad spectrum of HR practice areas.  She holds a Bachelor of Commerce Degree and a Master of Business Administration Degree (MBA-HR) from Kenyatta University.
She has a Higher National Diploma in Human Resources Management, a Certified Public Secretary and a Certified Professional Trainer from the Institute of Human Resources Management. Before joining Apollo Juliana was the General Manager HR at Liberty Life. She is a full member of the Institute of Human Resources Management.









Jackie Tonui
Head of Corporate Communications
Jackie Tonui is the Head of Corporate Communications and has six years in advertising and brand communications. She holds a bachelor’s degree in International Business Administration-Marketing from the United States International University and is currently pursuing a post graduate diploma from the Chartered Institute of Marketing.









Judith Bogonko Juma
Head of Customer Service
Judith Bogonko Juma is the head of customer service, and has 8 years of experience in the insurance industry. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Actuarial Science from JKUAT, a postgraduate degree in project management from KIM and an MBA from Daystar University. She is currently pursuing ACII certification.









Ashok Shah
Group CEO
Ashok Shah is the current Group CEO of Apollo Investments Limited. He has over 40 years experience in Insurance. He has majored in Applied Chemistry from Kingston University (UK) and is a Chartered Insurer by profession.
He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators.
Other directorships include: Barclays Bank, Central Depository System Corporation, Reliance Insurance Company (Tanzania), APA Insurance (Uganda) Ltd, Apollo Life Assurance Ltd, and Apollo Asset Management.
He is the first recipient of the Think Business Life Time Achievement Award for his contribution to the Insurance Industry in Kenya.
He is also involved in many social activities, mainly in support of the needy and underprivileged.









Daniel Ndonye
Chairman, Apollo Investments Ltd
Daniel Ndonye brings to the Board vast experience.
He is alumnus of the Alliance High School and holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Nairobi.
He is also a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Kenya and the Institute of Certified Public Secretaries of Kenya.









James Gitoho
Chairman, APA Insurance
James is a registered architect and the principal partner of Triad Architects with experience of 32 years.
He holds a degree in Architecture (Hons) from the University of Nairobi and is a Fellow of Architectural Association of Kenya (FAAK).
His directorships include: Pan Africa Insurance Holdings Ltd, Pan Africa Life Assurance Ltd, Muthaiga House Ltd, PERI Investments, Proctor & Allan (EA) Ltd.









Richard Ashley
Chairman, APA Life
Rick Ashley is a qualified accountant and brings with him over 30 years of experience in the financial sector. He was the Chief Executive of Old Mutual Asset Managers (Kenya) and Managing Director of Kestrel Capital (EA) Limited, having previously worked for Peat Marwick, Cayman Islands, Arthur Andersen & Company and Prudential Corporation Plc in London. He was also the founding Chairman of Fund Managers Association of Kenya and previously served as a member of Market Leaders Forum, Central Bank of Kenya.
Other Directorships include: APA Life Assurance Ltd, Apollo Investments Ltd, ARM Cement Ltd, Maweni Limestone Ltd, Mafikeng Cement Company in South Africa and AFB in Kenya.









Pratul Shah
Company Secretary
Pratul Shah is a Chartered Certified Accountant and a Certified Public Accountant (Kenya).
He is currently an advisor to various companies in the banking, insurance, manufacturing and services sectors, on strategic planning and restructuring.
He has vast experience in Corporate Finance, which includes transaction advice on mergers, acquisitions/disposals and raising capital through private placements, public offers and a debt funding.
Pratul is a non-executive board member of Car & General (K) Limited, Coastal Bottlers Limited, Bank One Limited – Mauritius, Reliance Insurance Company (Tanzania) Limited and I&M Bank (Tanzania) Limited.









S M Shah
Director
Mr Shashi M Shah was marketing insurance long before the formation of Apollo Insurance Company which he set up in 1977 as a composite insurance business, dealing with both General and Life Insurance.
He has studied in Kenya, India, Zambia and Swiss Insurance Training College in Switzerland, and has been a charter member of the International Insurance Society.
Mr Shah is an executive director at APA Insurance Ltd, and his directorships among others include: Apollo Investments Ltd, Kenmac Ltd, APA Life Assurance Co. Ltd and Gordon Court Ltd.
He is involved in a lot of social activities and charities which include medical camps, distribution of artificial limbs and eye clinics among others.
He is a past member of the Rotary Club of Mombasa and a charter member of the Rotary Club of Bahari where he is a trustee and past president.  At the Pandya Memorial Society, he is a trustee and past chairman.









PJ Shah
Director
PJ Shah is a director of Apollo investments, having sat on the board since the inception of APA Insurance in 1978. He has over 35 years in the insurance industry and has vast business interests. PJ is an active philanthropist who is dedicated to serve the disadvantaged in the society.









Piyush Shah
Director
Piyush Shah is a Chartered Accountant with a background in IT enterprises with over 30 years’ experience in both these fields. He is an active angel investor and is a non-executive director of different companies. Piyush draws his experience from firms both in Kenya and in the United Kingdom









Reto Schnarwiler
Director
Reto Schnarwiler leads Swiss Re’s public sector business in EMEA; Americas; and the company’s microinsurance activities. He’s a member of the board of directors at responsibility Investments AG, Switzerland and APA Insurance, APA Life and Apollo Investments, Kenya. With Swiss Re since 1996, he holds a degree in business administration from University of St. Gallen (lic.oec. HSG), an MBA in Financial Services & Insurance from Leuven-Vlerick Business School in Belgium, University of Nyenrode and University of St. Gallen in Switzerland.









Fred Mburu
Chief Executive Officer
Fred is a seasoned investment guru. With 20 years of living, watching and dreaming investments he is equipped with requisite experience & knowledge of managing Pension Funds, Mutual Funds and High Net Worth individuals.
With Fred Mburu, Apollo Asset Management is uniquely positioned to deliver client’s return objectives and extract value out of existing Asset Management Strategies, and create assets  and realise investment opportunities  existing in-country and emerging markets.









Amos Kosgei
Portfolio Manager
Amos Kosgei is the Portfolio Manager at Apollo Asset Management Company.  He has 12 years experience in the financial services industry.  Amos has a Master of Science degree in Economics from Eastern College in Philadelphia, USA and is also a graduate of Daystar University. He also has had trainings in Fundamentals of Investing, Anti-Money Laundering, and Bond Trading.









Daniel Mugo
Chief Finance Officer
For the past 11 years, Daniel K. Mugo has served as the Chief Finance Officer.
He is responsible for the financial management of the company. His key accountabilities range from looking at areas of cost saving to effective utilisation of company resources. He is also tasked with ensuring that the company assets are well safeguarded at all times.
Mr. Mugo has a Bachelor of Commerce degree (Hon.) in Finance, a Diploma in Business Management – Kenya Institute of Management, a Certificate of Proficiency in Insurance (COP), and is a member of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Kenya (ICPAK).









Jane Watiki
Head of Operations
Jane Wakiti serves as the Head of Operations at APA Life and has been with the company for 15 years.
Her 25 years of experience in the Insurance industry is well applied within her responsibilities which involve overseeing the administration of Individual Life, Group Life, Pensions  and Claims Management.
She is a member of the Insurance Institute of Kenya (IIK) and the Chartered Insurance Institute.









Stephen Muiga
Business Development Manager
Stephen Muiga is the current Business Development Manager – Credit Life and Micro Insurance.He has 11 years’ experience in the industry.
Mr. Muiga holds a Bachelor of Commerce in Insurance and an MBA in Business Administration, Marketing. He is a member of the Association of Kenya Insurers (AKI) Agents Award task force.









Mark Mumo
Business Development Manager
Mark Mumo is the Group Life Business Development Manager  and has 7 years of experience in the Insurance Industry. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Actuarial Science from the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture & Technology and a Masters Degree in International Business Management from the University of Nairobi.









James Njagi
Business Development Manager
James Njagi is the Business Development Manager and has 7 years of experience in the Insurance industry. He holds a Bachelor degree in Actuarial Science from the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture & Technology (JKUAT).









Bernadicto Makena
National Sales Manager
Mr. Makena is the National ales Manager for APA Life. He spent the last 22 years working in the insurance industry and is a member of CIM.
His responsibilities at APA Life include growing Individual Life business through recruitment training and development of the agency sales force. He holds a Bachelors (B.Sc Mathematics) from Kenyatta University.









Augustine Kamatu
Actuarial Officer
Augustine Kamatu heads the Actuarial Function and has over 3 years’ experience in the Insurance Industry. He holds a master’s degree in Applied Actuarial Science from The University of Kent (United Kingdom).






FOLLOW US ON :









APA 2017
 Privacy Policy  Terms & Condtions 



















APOLLO LIFE ASSET LTD. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      APOLLO LIFE ASSET LTD.
                    

•   GEORGE TOWN, E9
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Apollo Life Asset Ltd. is based out of George Town.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Apollo Life Asset Ltd.. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from APOLLO LIFE ASSET LTD., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




apollo life asset ltd.


C/O WALKER CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED

GEORGE TOWN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-9005


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      345-949-0100
SEC SIC CODE:6311-LIFE INSURANCE







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/14/2017
4 filed on 04/05/2017
4 filed on 12/15/2016
3 filed on 12/09/2016
4 filed on 10/10/2012
4 filed on 08/31/2012
4 filed on 08/28/2012
4 filed on 08/23/2012
4 filed on 08/20/2012
4 filed on 08/15/2012
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Apollo Life Asset Ltd. - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Apollo Life Asset Ltd.
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Apollo Life Asset Ltd.. Find out Apollo Life Asset Ltd. address and contact details. View other people related to Apollo Life Asset Ltd. - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O WALKER CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED WALKER HOUSE, 87 MARY STREET GEORGE TOWN KY1-9005 Cayman Islands




Companies related to Apollo Life Asset Ltd.
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001467760Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.C/O APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 9 WEST 57TH STREET, 43RD FLOOR NEW YORK 10019




Apollo Life Asset Ltd. on the Web
Persons related to Apollo Life Asset Ltd. - Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.NamePositionCityDouglas D  AbbeyDirector NEW YORKJai  AgarwalCFO, Treasurer and Secretary NEW YORKConnell  AliceNew YorkConnell  AliceNew YorkApollo Capital Management GP, LLCNEW YORKApollo Capital Management GP, LLCGEORGE TOWNApollo Capital Management GP, LLCNEW YORKApollo Capital Management, L.P.NEW YORKApollo Capital Management, L.P.GEORGE TOWNApollo Capital Management, L.P.GEORGE TOWNApollo Capital Management, L.P.NEW YORKApollo Management Holdings GP, LLCGEORGE TOWNApollo Management Holdings GP, LLCNEW YORKApollo Management Holdings GP, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKApollo Management Holdings GP, LLCNEW YORKApollo Management Holdings, L.P.GEORGE TOWNApollo Management Holdings, L.P.GEORGE TOWNApollo Management Holdings, L.P.NEW YORKApollo Management Holdings, L.P.NEW YORKApollo Management Holdings, L.P.NEW YORKApollo Management Holdings, L.P.NEW YORKATHENE ANNUITY & LIFE ASSURANCE CoGREENVILLEAthene Asset Management LLCGEORGE TOWNAthene Asset Management LLCMANHATTAN BEACHAthene Group LtdGEORGE TOWNAthene Holding LtdGEORGE TOWNAthene Holding LtdPEMBROKEJoseph F  AzrackPresident and CEO NEW YORKJoseph F  AzrackDirector NEW YORKMARC A  BEILINSONDirector NEW YORKMARC C  BIDERMANDirector NEW YORKMARK C  BIDERMANDirector NEW YORKMARK C  BIDERMANDirector NEW YORKAlice  ConnellDirector NEW YORKAbbey  DouglasNew YorkAbbey  DouglasNew YorkPress  EricNew YorkPress  EricNew YorkMegan B.  GaulCFO, Treasurer and Secretary NEW YORKMegan B.  GaulCFO, Treasurer and Secretary NEW YORKJeffrey M  GaultDirector NEW YORKJeffrey M  GaultDirector NEW YORKSilverman  HenryNew YorkSilverman  HenryNew YorkINVESTORS INSURANCE CORPGEORGE TOWNINVESTORS INSURANCE CORPJACKSONVILLEGault  JeffreyNew YorkAzrack  JosephNew YorkAzrack  JosephNew YorkRobert A  KasdinDirector FRANKLINRobert A  KasdinDirector NEW YORKLIFE INSURANCE CO  LIBERTYGREENVILLELIFE INSURANCE CO  LIBERTYGEORGE TOWNLIFE INSURANCE CO  LIBERTYGREENVILLEBeilinson  MarcNew YorkBiderman  MarkNew YorkBiderman  MarkNew YorkGaul  MeganNew YorkSalvati  MichaelNew YorkSalvati  MichaelNew YorkCindy Z  MichelNEW YORKERIC  PRESSDirector NEW YORKERIC  PRESSDirector NEW YORKScott  PrinceDirector NEW YORKInvestment Authority  QatarDOHAQH RE Asset Co LLCDOHAKasdin  RobertNew YorkSTUART  ROTHSTEINPresident & CEO NEW YORKMICHAEL  SALVATIDirector OAK PARKMICHAEL  SALVATIDirector NEW YORKPrince  ScottNew YorkHENRY R  SILVERMANNEW YORKRothstein  StuartNew YorkRothstein  StuartNew York
Potentially same personNameCityCountryApollo Life Asset Ltd.GEORGE TOWNCayman Islands












 








	Apollolife - Wellness for Complete Health  







































           
      






 
  Search






 Home

  Login




















  









                Health Topics      Allergy Anemia & Blood Diseases Arthritis Asthma Cancer Children's Health Cosmetic Surgery & Aesthetic Procedures Dental Care Diabetes Elderly Health E N T (Ear Nose & Throat) Eye Fever & Infection Heart Kidney  Obesity Pregnancy & Motherhood Skin & Hair Smoking, Drinking & Addiction       Healthy Living      Alternative Medicine Ayurveda Beauty & Fashion Celebrities & Lifestyle Diet & Nutrition Emergency & First Aid Exercise & Workout Routines Fitness & Weight Management  Holistic Health Homeopathy Parenting Psychological & Emotional Health  Sleep Spa & Therapy Traditional & Herbal Remedies Yoga                            Health Conditions A to Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z               
Top Stories       
 How to Stop Smoking?       
 Eat With the Season       
 7 Tips to Stay Slim Through Winter           12 Tips to Prevent Common Cold           FAQs on Lasers Treatment           Broccoli Mushroom Delight              The Pain of Diabetes           How to Deal with Common Cold?           Teen Diet Plan           Chicken-Mince Tikka           Sexy Legs           Strength Training to Boost Metabolism         Previous   Next  
                                Disclaimer: The information on this site does not constitute medical advice and is not intended to be a substitute for medical care provided by a physician. See additional information.  Home About Us About Apollo Hospitals Advertise With Us Contact Us News Letter Apollo eDoc Apollo Munich Health Insurance 
Copyright 2010 by Apollolife. Promoted by Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement 









  









































General. Life. Health - APA Insurance


































REACH US ON :  O20 286 2000








REACH US ON :  O20 286 2000











Home
About us
Media Center
CSR





















Home
About us
Media Center
CSR
  















WELCOME TO APA APOLLO 
CREATING AND PROTECTING YOUR WEALTH










QUICK LINKS





MEDIA CENTRE





FIND US





CLIENT PORTAL





INTERMEDIARY PORTAL











APA INSURANCE
As one of the leading general insurers in Kenya, APA Insurance caters to both individuals and corporates across the country with its wide range of insurance solutions as well as services that go beyond insurance.




KEN
												



UG
												










APA LIFE ASSURANCE
Take steps today to take care of tomorrow’s uncertainties. APA Life is one of Kenya’s leading long-term life insurance company that offers a range of individual and group insurance solutions that meet various customer needs.

VISIT WEBSITE








APOLLO ASSET MANAGEMENT
Apollo Asset Management (AAMC) is a leading asset management firm, which provides you the investor with unique access to attractive investment opportunities aided by our highly skilled investment analysts.

VISIT WEBSITE








APOLLO CENTRE CONFERENCE FACILITIES
Enjoy a tranquil and private meeting place within a commercial building in the heart of Westlands, at the Apollo Centre Conference Suites.

VISIT WEBSITE













FOLLOW US ON :









APA 2017
 Privacy Policy  Terms & Condtions 


















	Apollo Alternative Assets | Investment Strategy | Portfolio Highlights












































































































About Us

Investment Strategy

Reports & Filings

Press Releases

Contact Us






                            Investment Strategy





Portfolio Highlights

The following select investment descriptions should be read in conjunction with the Disclaimers and Exclusion of Liability section of our Legal Notice.



                                                              Opportunistic Investment - Athene Holding Ltd.
                                                          

We own the majority of the economic equity of Athene Holding Ltd., which was founded in 2009 to capitalize on favorable market conditions in the dislocated life insurance sector. Athene Holding Ltd. is the ultimate parent of various insurance company operating subsidiaries and is currently estimated to be one of the largest fixed annuity companies in the United States.  Through its subsidiaries, Athene Holding Ltd. provides insurance products focused primarily on the retirement market and its business centers primarily on issuing or reinsuring fixed and equity indexed annuities.


For more information regarding Athene, please visit www.athene.com.





Overview

Portfolio Highlights





                        ©
                        2017
                        AP Alternative Assets.


Home|

About Us|

Contact Us|

Legal Notice










Apollo Global Management - Wikipedia






















 







Apollo Global Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Apollo Management)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Apollo Global Management, LLC





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: APO


Industry
Asset management


Founded
1990; 27 years ago (1990)


Founder
Leon Black, John Hannan, Josh Harris, Marc Rowan, Craig Cogut, Arthur Bilger, Antony Ressler


Headquarters
Solow Building
New York City, USA



Key people

Leon Black (CEO), Marc Rowan, Josh Harris


Products
Private equity funds, credit funds, real estate funds, alternative Investment, Leveraged buyouts, Growth capital, Venture capital


AUM
 $188.6 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 $22.9 billion (2014)[2]


Website
www.agm.com


Apollo Global Management, LLC is an American private equity firm, founded in 1990 by former Drexel Burnham Lambert banker Leon Black.[3] The firm specializes in leveraged buyout transactions and purchases of distressed securities involving corporate restructuring, special situations, and industry consolidations. Apollo is headquartered in New York City, and also has offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai.
As of August 2016, Apollo managed over US$188.8 billion of investor commitments across its private equity, credit and real estate funds and other investment vehicles making it the second largest US-based alternative asset management firm.[4] Among the most notable companies currently owned by Apollo are Claire's, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Novitex Enterprise Solutions, and Rackspace.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1990s
1.2 2000-2005
1.3 2005-2010
1.4 2010-2016


2 Operations
3 Investment vehicles

3.1 Private equity funds
3.2 Apollo Investment Corporation
3.3 AP Alternative Assets


4 Portfolio investments
5 Affiliated businesses

5.1 Lion Advisors
5.2 Ares Management


6 References
7 External links



History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Apollo, originally referred to as Apollo Advisors, was founded in 1990, on the heels of the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert in February 1990. It was founded by Leon Black, the former head of Drexel's mergers and acquisitions department, along with other Drexel alumni.[6] Among the most notable founders are John Hannan, Drexel's former co-director of international finance; Craig Cogut, a lawyer who worked with Drexel's high-yield division in Los Angeles; and Arthur Bilger, the former head of the corporate finance department. Other founding partners included Marc Rowan, Josh Harris and Michael Gross, who both worked under Black in the mergers and acquisitions department, and Antony Ressler, who worked as a senior vice president in Drexel's high yield department with responsibility for the new issue/syndicate desk.[7][8][9]
Less than six months after the collapse of Drexel, the founders of Apollo had already begun a series of ventures. Apollo Investment Fund L.P., the first of their private equity investment funds, was formed to make investments in distressed companies. Apollo's first fund raised approximately $400 million of investor commitments on the strength of Black's reputation as a prominent lieutenant of Michael Milken and key player in the buyout boom of the 1980s.[7] Lion Advisors was set up to provide investment services to Credit Lyonnais, which was seeking to profit from depressed prices in the high yield market.[10]
1990s[edit]
At the time of Apollo's founding, financing for new leveraged buyouts was minimal and Apollo turned instead to a strategy of distressed-to-control takeovers.[11][12] Apollo would purchase distressed securities which could be converted into a controlling interest in the equity of the company through a bankruptcy reorganization or other restructuring. Apollo used distressed debt as an entry point, enabling the firm to invest in such firms as Vail Resorts,[13] Walter Industries,[14][15] Culligan and Samsonite.[16]
Early on, Apollo made a name for itself by acquiring interests in companies that Drexel had helped finance by purchasing high-yield bonds from failed savings and loans and insurance companies. Apollo acquired several large portfolios of assets from the U.S. government's Resolution Trust Corporation.[17] One of Apollo's earliest and most successful deals involved the acquisition of Executive Life Insurance Company's bond portfolio. Using this vehicle, Apollo would purchase the Executive Life portfolio, generating tremendous profits when the value of high yield bonds recovered, but also resulting in a variety of state regulatory issues for Apollo and Credit Lyonnais over the purchase.[18] More than a decade after the purchase, in 2002, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer accused Apollo, Leon Black, and an investor group led by French bank Credit Lyonnais, of illegally acquiring the assets and bond portfolio of Executive Life Insurance Co. in 1991. According to the State of California, Lion allegedly violated a California law that prohibited foreign government-owned banks from owning California insurance companies.[19]




AREA Property Partners logo


In 1993, Apollo Real Estate Advisers was founded in collaboration with William Mack to seek opportunities in the U.S. property markets.[20] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. In 2000, Apollo exited the partnership, which continued to operate as Apollo Real Estate Advisers until changing its name to AREA Property Partners, effective January 15, 2009. That firm is owned and controlled by its remaining principals, who include William Mack, Lee Neibart, William Benjamin, John Jacobsson, Stuart Koenig and Richard Mack.[21] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. As of 2008, the firm was investing out of three funds: Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund V, Apollo European Real Estate Fund II and Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII. In 2004, Apollo Real Estate acquired the Value Enhancement Funds family of investment vehicles to broaden its offerings in the "value-added" segment of the real estate investment spectrum. Apollo also operates a real estate mezzanine lending program and real estate securities hedge fund called Claros Real Estate Securities Fund, L.P.[22]
In 1995, Apollo raised its third private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund III with $1.5 billion of investor commitments from investors that included CalPERS and the General Motors pension fund.[23][24] Unlike its first two funds and later funds, Fund III would ultimately prove only an average performer for private equity funds of its vintage. Among the investments made in Fund III (invested through 1998) were: Alliance Imaging, Allied Waste Industries, Breuners Home Furnishings, Levitz Furniture,[25] Communications Corporation of America,[26] Dominick's, Ralphs (acquired Apollo's Food-4-Less),[27] Move.com, NRT Incorporated,[28] Pillowtex Corporation,[29] Telemundo[30] and WMC Mortgage Corporation.[31]




Apollo invested in AMC in 2001 and would buy out the company in 2004


Also in 1995, Apollo founding partner Craig Cogut left the firm to found a smaller competitor Pegasus Capital Advisors. Since inception Pegasus has raised $1.8 billion in four private equity funds focused on investments in middle-market companies in financial distress. In 1997, Apollo co-founder Tony Ressler founded Ares Management as the successor to its Lion Advisors business which would manage collateralized debt obligation vehicles.[32]
In 1998, Apollo raised its fourth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund IV, with $3.6 billion of investor commitments.[23] Among the investments made in Fund IV (invested through 2001) were: Allied Waste Industries,[33] AMC Entertainment,[34] Berlitz International,[35] Clark Retail Enterprises,[36] Corporate Express (Buhrmann), Encompass Services Corporation, National Financial Partners, Pacer International,[37] Rent-A-Center, Resolution Performance Products, Resolution Specialty Materials, Sirius Satellite Radio, SkyTerra Communications, United Rentals and Wyndham Worldwide.[38]
2000-2005[edit]




Apollo's headquarters in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street in New York City, formerly occupied by Tyco


Apollo deployed its fourth fund during the booming markets of the late 1990s, only to experience difficulties with the collapse of the Internet bubble and the onset of the recession. Amid the turmoil of collapsing markets, Apollo was able to raise its fifth private equity fund in 2001, Apollo Investment Fund V, with $3.7 billion of investor commitments, roughly the same amount raised as for its previous fund.[23] Among the investments made in Fund V (invested through 2006) were Affinion Group, AMC Entertainment, Berry Plastics, Cablecom, Compass Minerals, General Nutrition Centers (GNC), Goodman Global, Hexion Specialty Chemicals (Borden), Intelsat, Linens ‘n Things, Metals USA, Nalco Investment Holdings, Sourcecorp, Spectrasite Communications, and Unity Media.
Meanwhile, Ares continued to grow through the late 1990s, and profited significantly from investments made after the collapse of the high yield market in 2000 and 2001. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spin out with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. By 2002, when Ares raised its first corporate opportunities fund, the firm announced that it was more formally separating itself from its former parent company. The timing of this separation also coincided with Apollo's legal difficulties with the State of California over its purchase of Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.
Following the spin-off of Ares in 2002, Apollo developed two new affiliates to continue its investment activities in the capital markets. The first of these new affiliates, founded in 2003, was Apollo Distressed Investment Fund (DIF) Management a credit opportunity investment vehicle.[39] The following year, in April 2004, Apollo raised $930 million through an initial public offering (IPO) for a listed business development company, Apollo Investment Corporation (NASDAQ: AINV)). Apollo Investment Corporation was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]

2005-2010[edit]




Caesars Palace, acquired as part of Apollo's LBO of Harrah's Entertainment


The 2005 - 2007 period marked a boom period in private equity with new "largest buyout" records set and surpassed several times in an 18-month window from the beginning of 2006 through the middle of 2007.[42] Apollo was among the most active investors in leveraged buyout transactions during this period. Although Apollo was involved in a number of notable and large buyouts, the firm largely avoided the very largest transactions of this period. Among Apollo's most notable investments during this period included Harrah's Entertainment, a leading US gaming and casino company; Norwegian Cruise Line, the cruise line operator; Claire's Stores, the retailer of costume jewelry; and Realogy, the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby's International Realty.[43]
In August 2006, Apollo launched a $2 billion publicly traded private equity vehicle in Europe, AP Alternative Assets (ENXTAM:AAA).[41] The IPO of this new vehicle followed in the footsteps of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, which raised $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[44] Apollo initially attempted to raise $2.5 billion for the public vehicle, but fell short when it offered the shares in June, raising only $1.5 billion. Apollo raised an additional $500 million via private placements in the weeks following that sale.[45]
As the private equity industry expanded through 2006 and 2007, several of the largest private equity firms, most notably The Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, announced plans to realize value from their firms through the sale of shares in the public equity markets. Apollo Management chose a slightly different path, by completing a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR.[41][46] In November 2007, Apollo was able to realize additional value from the sale of a 9% ownership interest in its management company to the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA).[47] Ultimately, in April 2008, Apollo would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)[48] to permit some holders of its privately traded stock to sell their shares on the New York Stock Exchange and in March 2011, Apollo completed its initial public offering (NYSE: APO).[49] In 2008, the firm opened an office in India, marking their first push into Asia.[50]




Apollo lost its investment in retailer Linens 'n Things with the company's 2008 bankruptcy[51]


As the deterioration of the financial markets worsened into 2008, Apollo saw several of its investments come under pressure. Apollo's 2005 investment in the struggling US retailer, Linens 'n Things suffered from a significant debt burden and softening consumer demand. In May 2008, Linens was forced to file for bankruptcy protection, one of several high-profile retail bankruptcies in 2008, costing Apollo all of its $365 million investment in the company.[51][52] At the same time, Apollo's investment in Claire's, Realogy and Harrah's Entertainment came under pressure.[43] Apollo would respond actively to its investment difficulties seeking to exchange a portion of the existing debt at Harrah's and Realogy to more favorable securities.[53] At Claire's, Apollo exercised its "PIK toggle" option to shut off cash interest payments to its bondholders and issue more debt instead, in order to provide the company with additional financial flexibility.[54]
In December 2008, Apollo completed fundraising for its latest fund, Apollo Investment Fund VII with approximately $14.7 billion of investor commitments.[55] Apollo had been targeting $15 billion, but had been in fundraising for more than 16 months, with the bulk of the capital raised in 2007.[56]
In December 2009, it was announced that Apollo would acquire Cedar Fair Entertainment Company shares and the company would be become private underneath the management group.[57] The deal includes a cash payment of $635 million and assumed debt which gives the transaction a value of $2.4 billion.[58] It was later announced in April 2010 that the deal was pulled due to poor shareholder response.[59]
2010-2016[edit]
In March 2012 it made a second attempt to acquire an amusement park operator with a $225.7 million offer for Great Wolf Resorts.[60]
In November 2012, The McGraw-Hill Companies sold their education division ("McGraw-Hill Education") to Apollo Global Management, in a deal totaling $2.5 billion.[61]
On 11 March 2013, Apollo Global Management made the only bid for the snacks business of Hostess Brands, including Twinkies, for $410 million.[62]

In December 2013, Apollo bought a portfolio of Irish home loans from Lloyds Bank for €307m, less than half their nominal £610m (€367m) value.[clarification needed] The shares were bought by an Apollo Global Management subsidiary, Tanager Limited. The portfolio made a £33m loss last year.[63]
In January 2014, Apollo bought CEC Entertainment, the parent company of Chuck E. Cheese's, for about $1 billion.[64]
In June 2015, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer of around $1.03 billion in cash to privatise OM Group.[65] Also that month, Apollo won the bidding during an auction for Saint-Gobain’s Verallia glass bottle manufacturing unit for a rumoured fee of around 2.95 billion.[66]
In February 2016, ADT Corporation agreed to be acquired by Apollo Global Management.[67]
In May 2016, Apollo Education Group[68] shareholders approved a merger with Apollo Global Management.
In June 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Diamond Resorts International.[69]
In August 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Rackspace.[70]
Operations[edit]
Apollo is operated by its managing partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan and a team of more than 250 investment professionals, as of March 31, 2013. The firm's headquarters are located in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street[71] in New York City, and the firm operates additional offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai[48]
Apollo’s executive committee includes: Leon Black, chairman and chief executive officer; Josh Harris, senior managing director; Marc Rowan, senior managing director; and Marc Spilker who was hired as President in November 2010.[72]
Apollo operates three business lines in an integrated manner:

Private equity—The private equity business is the cornerstone of Apollo's investment activities. Apollo invests through a variety of private equity strategies, most notably leveraged buyouts and distressed buyouts and debt investments. This business operates primarily through the firm's family of private equity investment funds (See: Investment funds)[48]
Credit—Apollo invests through a variety of credit strategies to complement its core private equity business. Apollo invests through a variety of investment vehicles including mezzanine funds, hedge funds, European non-performing loan funds and senior credit opportunity funds.[73]
Real Estate—Apollo Global Real Estate (AGRE) was established in 2008 to build upon Apollo's history of investing in real estate-related sectors such as hotels and lodging, leisure and logistics. AGRE manages a number of debt and equity-oriented real estate investment funds.[73]

Investment vehicles[edit]
Private equity funds[edit]
Apollo has historically relied primarily on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, family offices, sovereign wealth funds and other institutional investors. Since 2014, Apollo has begun investing its eighth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, which raised approximately $18 billion of investor commitments, making it the largest private equity fund raised since the financial crisis.[74] Since inception in 1990, Apollo has raised a total of eight private equity funds, including:[23]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($m)


Apollo Investment Fund VIII
2014
$18,400


Apollo Investment Fund VII[56]
2008
$14,700


Apollo Investment Fund VI
2005
$10,200


Apollo Investment Fund V
2001
$3,700


Apollo Investment Fund IV
1998
$3,600


Apollo Investment Fund III
1995
$1,500


Apollo Investment Fund II
1992
$500


Apollo Investment Fund I
1990
$400


Apollo Investment Corporation[edit]






Type

Public company (NASDAQ: AINV)


Founded
2004


Revenue
US$404M (FY 2010)[75]



Net income

US$263M (FY 2010)[75]


Total assets
US$3.47B (FY 2010)[76]


Total equity
US$1.77B (FY 2010)[76]


Website
www.apolloic.com


Apollo Investment Corporation is a US-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end fund and an affiliate of Apollo. AIC was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]
AIC is structured as a business development company, a type of publicly traded private equity vehicle that is designed to generate interest income and long term capital appreciation. AIC historically has not invested in companies controlled by Apollo's private equity funds.[77]
AP Alternative Assets[edit]






Type

Public company (Euronext: AAA)


Founded
2004


Website
www.apolloalternativeassets.com


AP Alternative Assets (Euronext: AAA) is a Guernsey-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end limited partnership, managed by Apollo Alternative Assets, an affiliate of Apollo Management. AAA was formed to invest alongside Apollo's main private equity funds and hedge funds.[40][41]
AAA was launched in August 2006, shortly after Kohlberg Kravis Roberts completed an initial public offering for its $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[41][44] Apollo raised a total of $2 billion for AAA including the vehicle's $1.5 billion IPO and a subsequent private placement.[45]
AAA's investment portfolio is made up of a mix of private equity and capital markets investments:[78]
Portfolio investments[edit]
Apollo has been an active private equity investor through the mid-2000s buyout boom. The following is a list of Apollo's most recent and currently active private equity investments. The bulk of these investments are held in Apollo Investment Fund V, VI and VII.


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


Berry Plastics
2006
In June 2006, Apollo and Graham Partners announced the acquisition of Berry Plastics Corporation, a maker of plastic containers, for $2.25 billion from Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and JPMorgan Partners.
[79]


Claire's
2007
In March 2007, Apollo announced the $3.1 billion leveraged buyout of costume jewelry retailer, Claire’s Stores. In 2008, Claire's experienced financial difficulty amid the slump in consumer spending.
[80][81]


Countrywide plc
2007
In May 2007, Apollo acquired Countrywide plc, the leading provider of residential property related services in the UK, formerly known as Hambro Countrywide (1988) and Countrywide Assured Group (1998) for $1.05 billion (not related to Countrywide Financial).
[82]


CEVA Logistics
2006
In August 2006, TNT N.V. announced that it had agreed to the sale of its logistics division to Apollo for $1.9 billion. The business was re-branded as CEVA in November 2007.
[83]


Debt investments
2008-2009
Since the beginning of 2008, Apollo has been a significant acquiror of senior secured loans from investment banks and other financial institutions. In April 2008, Apollo, TPG Capital and The Blackstone Group completed the acquisition of $12.5 billion of bank loans from Citigroup. The portfolio comprised primarily senior secured leveraged loans that had been made to finance leveraged buyout transactions at the peak of the market. Citigroup had been unable to syndicate the loans before the onset of the credit crunch. The loans were reported to have been sold in the "mid-80 cents on the dollar" relative to face value. In late 2008, it was reported that Apollo had received margin calls associated with the financing of its purchase of certain loan portfolios as the price of the loans decreased.
[84][85][86]


Great Wolf Resorts
2012
In March 2012 Apollo announced plans to acquire the resorts chain for $703 million. Reports indicated the chain had not turned a profit since 2008.
[87]


Harrah's Entertainment
2006
On December 19, 2006, Apollo and TPG Capital announced an agreement to acquire the gaming company for $27.4 billion, including the assumption of existing debt.
[88]


Hexion Specialty Chemicals
2005
Hexion was formed in 2005 through the merger of Borden Chemical, Inc., Resolution Performance Products LLC, and Resolution Specialty Materials LLC, and the acquisition of Bakelite AG. Hexion announced in July 2007 that it was acquiring Huntsman Corporation, a major specialty chemicals company, in a $6.5 billion leveraged buyout. Hexion announced in June 2008 it would refuse to close the deal, prompting a series of legal actions. The transaction was officially terminated on December 14 after a settlement between Hexion and Huntsman, wherein they were required to pay Huntsman $1 billion to drop fraud charges that would have potentially sent the CEO of Apollo to prison.
[89][90]


Jacuzzi Brands
2006
In October 2006, Apollo announced a $990 million leveraged buyout of Jacuzzi Brands, the manufacturer of whirlpool baths.
[91]


McGraw-Hill Education
2012
In November 2012, McGraw Hill announced that it had agreed to the sale of its education division to Apollo for $2.5 billion.
[92]


Momentive Performance Materials
2006
In June 2006, Apollo acquired General Electric's Advanced Materials (Silicones & Quartz) business in a deal valued at approximately $3.8 billion.
[93]


Noranda Aluminum
2007
In April 2007, Apollo acquired the US aluminum business of the mining company Xstrata for $1.15 billion. The aluminum business, Noranda Aluminum, includes a primary smelter and three rolling mills in Tennessee, North Carolina and Arkansas along with other operations.
[94]


Norwegian Cruise Line
2008
In January 2008, Apollo completed a $1 billion investment in the cruise line operator to support a recapitalization of the company's balance sheet.
[95]


Oceania Cruises
2007
In February, 2007, Apollo acquired the luxury cruise line and provided additional capital to fund the expansion of the company with the purchase of two new cruise ships.
[96][97]


Realogy:

Coldwell Banker
Sotheby's International Realty
Century 21 Real Estate


2006
In December 2006, Apollo announced an $8.5 billion buyout of the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby’s International Realty. The transaction closed in April 2007 and was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange. As the housing market crash accelerated in 2008, Realogy faced financial pressures relating to its debt load. In November 2008, Realogy launched an exchange offer for a portion of its debt to provide additional flexibility, prompting a lawsuit from Carl Icahn.
[53][98][99][100]


Regent Seven Seas Cruises
2008
In February 2008, Apollo purchased the luxury cruise line from Carlson Companies for $1 billion. Following the purchase, Apollo made public their plans to order a new ship for Regent.
[101]


Rexnord Corporation
2006
In May 2006, Apollo announced the acquisition of the manufacturer of precision motion technology products, primarily focused on power transmission, from private equity firm The Carlyle Group for $1.825 billion.
[91][102]


Smart & Final

Henry's Marketplace
Sprouts Farmers Market


2007
In February 2007, Apollo announced the acquisition of the Smart & Final chain of warehouse style food and supply stores. In June 2007, Smart & Final completed the acquisition of the Henry's Marketplace chain of "farmers market" style food retailers from Wild Oats Markets as part of that company's acquisition by Whole Foods Market. In 2011, the Henry's chain was merged with Sprouts Farmers Market, which, like the Henry's markets, had been founded by Henry Boney.
[103][104]
[105] [106]



Vantium Management
2008
In May 2008, Apollo invested in Vantium, a company that buys residential mortgage assets as part of a strategy to profit from the housing market crash.
[107]


Verso Paper
2006
In 2006, Apollo acquired International Paper's coated and supercalendered paper business for $1.4 billion, renaming the business, Verso Paper. Verso has been the second largest producer for the North American magazine publishing and catalog/commercial print markets. In May 2008, Verso was able to complete an initial public offering of stock.
[108][109]


Novitex Enterprise Solutions
2013
In 2013, Apollo acquired Pitney Bowes Management Services (PBMS) for $400 million. From PBMS, Apollo formed Novitex Enterprise Solutions. Novitex is a document outsourcing provider that manages business-critical services for over 500 companies across ten industries. Many of its clients are Fortune 500 companies.
[110][111]


Thai Ornament Resorts
2016
In January 2016, Apollo and Pool Trust announced the acquisition of Thai Ornament Resorts, an upscale destination resort developing firm, for $75.8 million from Tri-Cities Partnership and The Pool Trust.[112]


Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media GMBH.
Affiliated businesses[edit]
From its inception, Apollo built as part of a network of affiliated businesses focusing on private equity and a variety of distressed investment strategies.
Lion Advisors[edit]
Lion Advisors (or Lion Capital), which was founded at the same time as Apollo in 1990, focused on investment management and consulting services to foreign institutional accounts targeting investments in public and private high yield debt securities in the US. In 1992, Lion entered into a more formal arrangement to manage the $3 billion high-yield portfolio for Credit Lyonnais which together with a consortium of other international investors provided the capital for Lion's investment activities. The Lion business would ultimately be replaced by Ares Management.[113]
Ares Management[edit]
Main article: Ares Management






Type

Public


Founded
1997, 2002 (independent)


Website
www.aresmgmt.com


Ares Management, founded in 1997, was initially established to manage a $1.2 billion market value collateralized debt obligation vehicle. Ares would grow to manage a family of collateralized loan obligation (CLO) vehicles that would invest in capital markets-based securities including senior bank loans and high-yield and mezzanine debt. Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal, who joined the group from the global leveraged finance group at Merrill Lynch.[114]
Ares I and II which were raised were structured as market value CLOs. Ares III though Ares X were structured as cash flow CLOs. In 2002, Ares completed a spinout from Apollo management. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spinout with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. Shortly thereafter, Ares completed fundraising for Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund, a special situations investment fund with $750 million of capital under management.[113][114]
In 2004, Ares debuted a publicly traded business development company, Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC).[115] In 2006, Ares raised a $2.1 billion successor special situations fund (Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund II).[114]
References[edit]


^ http://ir.agm.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=214560&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2217067
^ "Apollo Global Management, Form 10-Q, FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2014". SEC.gov. Retrieved June 19, 2014. 
^ Leon D. Black. Business Week Snapshot
^ Mittelman, Melissa (28 October 2016). "Apollo to Raise New LBO Fund as It Spends More Than Ever Before". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved 1 November 2016. 
^ Deal Maker’s 3-Day Tally: $37 Billion. New York Times, 2006
^ Drexel Divided on Settlement. New York Times, December 17, 1988
^ a b Ex-Drexel Executives Arrange Aid for Fruit of the Loom, August 24, 1990
^ Changes at Drexel Continue. New York Times, March 11, 1989
^ Drexel's Uncertain Future. New York Times, October 15, 1989
^ Bailing Out France's Biggest Bank. New York Times, January 26, 1995
^ Altman, Edward I. "The High Yield Bond Market: A Decade Of Assessment, Comparing 1990 With 2000." NYU Stern School of Business, 2000
^ HYLTON, RICHARD D. Corporate Bond Defaults Up Sharply in '89 New York Times, January 11, 1990.
^ Apollo dissolves Vail Resorts stake Archived 2009-02-25 at the Wayback Machine.. Deseret News (Salt Lake City), Oct 1, 2004
^ Company News; Walter Industries' Bondholders in Accord. New York Times, April 9, 1994
^ Settlement For Walter Industries And Creditors. New York Times, October 21, 1994
^ E-II Revamps Debt Plan To Offset Offer by Icahn. New York Times, May 22, 1993.
^ Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets. New York Times, February 10, 2009
^ European Group Pressing Its Offer for Executive Life, April 13, 1991
^ Executive Life Indictments Brought. Wall Street Journal, December 18, 2003 Archived September 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ He Made Real Estate a Science: William L. Mack, W’61. Wharton School of Business Alumni Magazine, Spring 2007
^ "AREA Property Partners Press Release" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 June 2013. Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ Apollo Real Estate Advisors closes Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII with USD758m. Hedge Week, July 8, 2008
^ a b c d Double trouble. The Deal, July 18, 2008 Archived November 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Leon Black: Wall Street's Dr. No Archived 2009-02-15 at the Wayback Machine.. Business Week, July 29, 1996
^ Levitz Furniture Gets Boost from Financier Leon Black. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, July, 1996
^ Communications Corporation of America Profile. Business Week
^ Yucaipa will stack up hefty debt load if it buys Ralphs. Los Angeles Business Journal, August 22, 1994 Archived October 29, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ HFS-Apollo in Real Estate Brokerage Venture. New York Times, August 13, 1997
^ Pillowtex to Acquire Fieldcrest for $400 Million. New York Times, September 12, 1997
^ Telemundo Plan Backed. New York Times, July 21, 1994
^ Weyerhaeuser Mortgage Company sale closes. Business Wire, May 22, 1997
^ Pegasus Capital Advisors > Craig Cogut Profile Archived 2012-07-30 at the Wayback Machine. (company website). Also: Craig Cogut's Professional Profile (Founder of Pegasus Capital Advisors)[permanent dead link].
^ A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ For a Theater Chain, A Revival May Be Near. New York Times, January 27, 2002
^ Apollo Takes 20% Stake In Berlitz For $100 Million. New York Times, October 8, 1998
^ Apollo Affiliate Is Acquiring Clark's Store Operations. New York Times, May 14, 1999
^ Neptune Orient To Sell North American Train Network. New York Times, March 18, 1999
^ Wyndham Receives $1 Billion From Investor Group. New York Times, July 1, 1999
^ Apollo raising distressed-debt fund[dead link]. The Deal, June 5, 2003
^ a b c Fabrikant, Geraldine. "Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds To Tap the Market." New York Times, April 17, 2004.
^ a b c d e f Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Equity Firm Is Seen Ready to Sell a Stake to Investors." New York Times, April 5, 2007.
^ Samuelson, Robert J. "The Private Equity Boom". The Washington Post, March 15, 2007.
^ a b In Private Equity, the Limits of Apollo’s Power. New York Times, December 7, 2008
^ a b Timmons, Heather. "Opening Private Equity's Door, at Least a Crack, to Public Investors." New York Times, May 4, 2006.
^ a b Apollo equity fund IPO falls short of its target. International Herald Tribune, June 9, 2006
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and De La Merced, Michael J. "Buyout Firm Said to Seek a Private Market Offering." New York Times, July 18, 2007.
^ Apollo chief says sold nine percent of firm to Abu Dhabi. Reuters, November 7, 2007
^ a b c Apollo Global Management, Llc, Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, April 8, 2008
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things." New York Times, April 14, 2008.
^ Forget slowdown, PEs still heading to India. The Economic Times, August 8, 2008
^ a b Bankruptcy Protection for Retailer. New York Times, May 3, 2008
^ Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things. New York Times, April 14, 2008
^ a b An End Run Around Realogy’s Lenders. New York Times, November 27, 2008
^ PIK and Roll: Companies Seize On Perks of Loose Lending . Wall Street Journal, May 19, 2008
^ "Apollo First-Quarter Profit Rises 76% as Holdings Gain". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Apollo Closes Buyout Fund Near $15 Billion Target. Wall Street Journal, January 23, 2009. Most recently, Apollo acquired Cedar Fair L.P. for about $650 million dollars cash. The company had seen profits plummet in the recent recession. Net income dropped more than $45 million from last year, and Cedar Fair was forced to sell. Apollo acquired more than 1.5 billion dollars of debt.
^ Press Releases :: Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Archived 2009-12-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Coastal Business: Charleston Port activity studied". The Sun News. 2009-12-31. Retrieved 2010-01-01. [dead link]
^ "Cedar Fair: Takeover not happening". The Seattle Times. 6 April 2010. Archived from the original on 30 January 2013. Retrieved 19 November 2011. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Private Equity Firms Duel Over Water Park Operator." New York Times DealBook, April 8, 2012.
^ "McGraw-Hill Sells Education Unit to Apollo - WSJ.com". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kosman, Josh. "Leon Black's Apollo Global new owner of Twinkies, other Hostess snack brands". New York Post. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ "Equity firm Apollo buys $419.4m (€307m) of Irish home loans from Lloyds". Irish Independent. 6 December 2013. Retrieved 18 December 2013. 
^ "Chuck E. Cheese sold in near-bn deal - FT.com". Financial Times. 
^ Ankit Ajmera (1 June 2015). "OM Group to be taken private by Apollo Global in $1.03 billion deal". Reuters. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Andrew Callus (7 June 2015). "Apollo wins auction for St-Gobain's Verallia". Reuters. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-02-16). "ADT in $6.9 Billion Deal to Sell Itself to Apollo Buyout Firm". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2017-07-21. 
^ "Apollo Education Group shareholders approve merger agreement". Rueters. 6 May 2016. Retrieved 18 August 2016. 
^ Jarzemsky, Matt; Mattioli, Dana (29 June 2016). "Apollo Global to Buy Diamond Resorts for $2.2 Billion". Retrieved 4 July 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Rackspace to Go Private in $4.3 Billion Deal". 26 August 2016. Retrieved 26 August 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ Business People; Taking Tyco's View. New York Times, February 29, 2004
^ International Alternative Investment Review Archived 2011-06-05 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Amendment No. 8 to Form S-1
^ Greg Roumeliotis (January 9, 2014). "Apollo raises largest PE fund since financial crisis". Reuters. 
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC income statement filing via Wikinvest.
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ Apollo Investment Corporation: Portfolio Companies (company website)
^ Apollo Alternative Assets: Investment Strategy (company website Archived January 29, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Berry Plastics to Be Sold Again. Reuters, June 29, 2006
^ Costume Jewelry Retailer Agrees to a Takeover. New York Times, March 21, 2007
^ Wave of Bankruptcy Filings Expected From Retailers in Wake of Holidays. Wall Street Journal, JANUARY 12, 2009
^ Apollo Sweetens Countrywide PLC Bid. Wall Street Journal, April 13, 2007
^ Dutch Postal Deal. Associated Press, August 24, 2006
^ Citi Is Said to Be Near Deal to Sell $12.5 Billion of Loans. New York Times, April 9, 2008
^ Apollo, GSO Debt Funds Have Faced Margin Call Issues. Wall Street Journal, November 12, 2008
^ Black: Apollo's debt bets were ‘a little early’. Private Equity Online, January 23, 2009
^ Ahmed, Azam (March 13, 2012). "Apollo to Acquire Water Park Operator for $703 Million". The New York Times. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Harrah's Is Said to Be in Talks to Accept $16.7 Billion Buyout." New York Times, December 18, 2006.
^ Manufacturer of Chemicals Agrees to Bid From Apollo. New York Times, July 13, 2007
^ Huntsman Settles With Apollo, New York Times, December 14, 2008
^ a b Jacuzzi Brands Is Going Private. Reuters, October 12, 2006
^ [1]. New York Times, November 26, 2012
^ Apollo Management to buy GE Advanced Materials Business. AltAssets, September 18, 2006 Archived June 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mine Company Sells U.S. Unit. New York Times, April 12, 2007
^ Closes $1 Billion Investment by Apollo. Reuters, January 7, 2008
^ Oceania Cruises sold to new owners. USA Today, February 27, 2007 Archived September 5, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oceania Cruises Closes A Transaction With Apollo Management: Completes $850 Million Strategic Partnership. Oceania Cruises press release, April 30, 2007 Archived December 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Latest Deal in Real Estate for $9 Billion. New York Times, December 18, 2006
^ "Apollo Management, L.P. Completes Acquisition Of Realogy Corporation". Realogy. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2007-06-05. 
^ Icahn Sues Real Estate Company Over Debt. New York Times, December 2, 2008
^ Apollo to buy cruise company Regent Seven Seas Cruises. AltAssets, December 12, 2007 Archived December 2, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Carlyle to sell Rexnord Corporation to Apollo for $1.8bn. AltAssets, May 25, 2006 Archived March 7, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Smart & Final sells to Apollo Management affiliate in $813.9M deal. Los Angeles Business, February 20, 2007
^ Whole Foods Deal. Bloomberg, June 21, 2007
^ Hamstra, Mark (16 February 2011). "Apollo Combines Sprouts, Henry's". Supermarket News. Penton Media, Inc. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Crabtree, Penni (27 February 2011). "Merger of Henry's, Sprouts is latest in Boney family's retail saga". SignOn San Diego. The San Diego Union-Tribune, LLC. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Apollo Management Invests in Buyer of Mortgage Assets. New York Times, May 28, 2008
^ Verso Paper turns a page with IPO; President & CEO Mike Jackson credits a foundation document, focused strategies, and talented employees for company's success. Paper360, Oct, 2008
^ Verso Paper Sets I.P.O. Range. New York Times, April 29, 2008
^ Apollo Global Management to Acquire Management Services Business from Pitney Bowes. Pitney Bowes Inc, July 30, 2013
^ "News & Insights - Document Outsourcing - Novitex" (PDF). Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ "Cotton ornaments, 'Happy Thai Horses' (set of 4)". Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ a b Ares Enhanced Loan Investment Strategy IR, Ltd. Prospectus. September 22, 2008[dead link]
^ a b c Ares Management to Take New Fund Public. Los Angeles Times, April 22, 2004
^ Ares Capital IPO Raises $165 Million. Los Angeles Times, October 06, 2004


External links[edit]


Companies portal


Official website






v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Apollo_Global_Management&oldid=791623716"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangePrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in New York CityCompanies established in 1990Apollo Global ManagementDrexel Burnham LambertMezzanine capital investment firmsCompanies listed on NASDAQHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Apollo Global Management - Wikipedia






















 







Apollo Global Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Apollo Management)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Apollo Global Management, LLC





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: APO


Industry
Asset management


Founded
1990; 27 years ago (1990)


Founder
Leon Black, John Hannan, Josh Harris, Marc Rowan, Craig Cogut, Arthur Bilger, Antony Ressler


Headquarters
Solow Building
New York City, USA



Key people

Leon Black (CEO), Marc Rowan, Josh Harris


Products
Private equity funds, credit funds, real estate funds, alternative Investment, Leveraged buyouts, Growth capital, Venture capital


AUM
 $188.6 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 $22.9 billion (2014)[2]


Website
www.agm.com


Apollo Global Management, LLC is an American private equity firm, founded in 1990 by former Drexel Burnham Lambert banker Leon Black.[3] The firm specializes in leveraged buyout transactions and purchases of distressed securities involving corporate restructuring, special situations, and industry consolidations. Apollo is headquartered in New York City, and also has offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai.
As of August 2016, Apollo managed over US$188.8 billion of investor commitments across its private equity, credit and real estate funds and other investment vehicles making it the second largest US-based alternative asset management firm.[4] Among the most notable companies currently owned by Apollo are Claire's, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Novitex Enterprise Solutions, and Rackspace.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1990s
1.2 2000-2005
1.3 2005-2010
1.4 2010-2016


2 Operations
3 Investment vehicles

3.1 Private equity funds
3.2 Apollo Investment Corporation
3.3 AP Alternative Assets


4 Portfolio investments
5 Affiliated businesses

5.1 Lion Advisors
5.2 Ares Management


6 References
7 External links



History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Apollo, originally referred to as Apollo Advisors, was founded in 1990, on the heels of the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert in February 1990. It was founded by Leon Black, the former head of Drexel's mergers and acquisitions department, along with other Drexel alumni.[6] Among the most notable founders are John Hannan, Drexel's former co-director of international finance; Craig Cogut, a lawyer who worked with Drexel's high-yield division in Los Angeles; and Arthur Bilger, the former head of the corporate finance department. Other founding partners included Marc Rowan, Josh Harris and Michael Gross, who both worked under Black in the mergers and acquisitions department, and Antony Ressler, who worked as a senior vice president in Drexel's high yield department with responsibility for the new issue/syndicate desk.[7][8][9]
Less than six months after the collapse of Drexel, the founders of Apollo had already begun a series of ventures. Apollo Investment Fund L.P., the first of their private equity investment funds, was formed to make investments in distressed companies. Apollo's first fund raised approximately $400 million of investor commitments on the strength of Black's reputation as a prominent lieutenant of Michael Milken and key player in the buyout boom of the 1980s.[7] Lion Advisors was set up to provide investment services to Credit Lyonnais, which was seeking to profit from depressed prices in the high yield market.[10]
1990s[edit]
At the time of Apollo's founding, financing for new leveraged buyouts was minimal and Apollo turned instead to a strategy of distressed-to-control takeovers.[11][12] Apollo would purchase distressed securities which could be converted into a controlling interest in the equity of the company through a bankruptcy reorganization or other restructuring. Apollo used distressed debt as an entry point, enabling the firm to invest in such firms as Vail Resorts,[13] Walter Industries,[14][15] Culligan and Samsonite.[16]
Early on, Apollo made a name for itself by acquiring interests in companies that Drexel had helped finance by purchasing high-yield bonds from failed savings and loans and insurance companies. Apollo acquired several large portfolios of assets from the U.S. government's Resolution Trust Corporation.[17] One of Apollo's earliest and most successful deals involved the acquisition of Executive Life Insurance Company's bond portfolio. Using this vehicle, Apollo would purchase the Executive Life portfolio, generating tremendous profits when the value of high yield bonds recovered, but also resulting in a variety of state regulatory issues for Apollo and Credit Lyonnais over the purchase.[18] More than a decade after the purchase, in 2002, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer accused Apollo, Leon Black, and an investor group led by French bank Credit Lyonnais, of illegally acquiring the assets and bond portfolio of Executive Life Insurance Co. in 1991. According to the State of California, Lion allegedly violated a California law that prohibited foreign government-owned banks from owning California insurance companies.[19]




AREA Property Partners logo


In 1993, Apollo Real Estate Advisers was founded in collaboration with William Mack to seek opportunities in the U.S. property markets.[20] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. In 2000, Apollo exited the partnership, which continued to operate as Apollo Real Estate Advisers until changing its name to AREA Property Partners, effective January 15, 2009. That firm is owned and controlled by its remaining principals, who include William Mack, Lee Neibart, William Benjamin, John Jacobsson, Stuart Koenig and Richard Mack.[21] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. As of 2008, the firm was investing out of three funds: Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund V, Apollo European Real Estate Fund II and Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII. In 2004, Apollo Real Estate acquired the Value Enhancement Funds family of investment vehicles to broaden its offerings in the "value-added" segment of the real estate investment spectrum. Apollo also operates a real estate mezzanine lending program and real estate securities hedge fund called Claros Real Estate Securities Fund, L.P.[22]
In 1995, Apollo raised its third private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund III with $1.5 billion of investor commitments from investors that included CalPERS and the General Motors pension fund.[23][24] Unlike its first two funds and later funds, Fund III would ultimately prove only an average performer for private equity funds of its vintage. Among the investments made in Fund III (invested through 1998) were: Alliance Imaging, Allied Waste Industries, Breuners Home Furnishings, Levitz Furniture,[25] Communications Corporation of America,[26] Dominick's, Ralphs (acquired Apollo's Food-4-Less),[27] Move.com, NRT Incorporated,[28] Pillowtex Corporation,[29] Telemundo[30] and WMC Mortgage Corporation.[31]




Apollo invested in AMC in 2001 and would buy out the company in 2004


Also in 1995, Apollo founding partner Craig Cogut left the firm to found a smaller competitor Pegasus Capital Advisors. Since inception Pegasus has raised $1.8 billion in four private equity funds focused on investments in middle-market companies in financial distress. In 1997, Apollo co-founder Tony Ressler founded Ares Management as the successor to its Lion Advisors business which would manage collateralized debt obligation vehicles.[32]
In 1998, Apollo raised its fourth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund IV, with $3.6 billion of investor commitments.[23] Among the investments made in Fund IV (invested through 2001) were: Allied Waste Industries,[33] AMC Entertainment,[34] Berlitz International,[35] Clark Retail Enterprises,[36] Corporate Express (Buhrmann), Encompass Services Corporation, National Financial Partners, Pacer International,[37] Rent-A-Center, Resolution Performance Products, Resolution Specialty Materials, Sirius Satellite Radio, SkyTerra Communications, United Rentals and Wyndham Worldwide.[38]
2000-2005[edit]




Apollo's headquarters in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street in New York City, formerly occupied by Tyco


Apollo deployed its fourth fund during the booming markets of the late 1990s, only to experience difficulties with the collapse of the Internet bubble and the onset of the recession. Amid the turmoil of collapsing markets, Apollo was able to raise its fifth private equity fund in 2001, Apollo Investment Fund V, with $3.7 billion of investor commitments, roughly the same amount raised as for its previous fund.[23] Among the investments made in Fund V (invested through 2006) were Affinion Group, AMC Entertainment, Berry Plastics, Cablecom, Compass Minerals, General Nutrition Centers (GNC), Goodman Global, Hexion Specialty Chemicals (Borden), Intelsat, Linens ‘n Things, Metals USA, Nalco Investment Holdings, Sourcecorp, Spectrasite Communications, and Unity Media.
Meanwhile, Ares continued to grow through the late 1990s, and profited significantly from investments made after the collapse of the high yield market in 2000 and 2001. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spin out with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. By 2002, when Ares raised its first corporate opportunities fund, the firm announced that it was more formally separating itself from its former parent company. The timing of this separation also coincided with Apollo's legal difficulties with the State of California over its purchase of Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.
Following the spin-off of Ares in 2002, Apollo developed two new affiliates to continue its investment activities in the capital markets. The first of these new affiliates, founded in 2003, was Apollo Distressed Investment Fund (DIF) Management a credit opportunity investment vehicle.[39] The following year, in April 2004, Apollo raised $930 million through an initial public offering (IPO) for a listed business development company, Apollo Investment Corporation (NASDAQ: AINV)). Apollo Investment Corporation was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]

2005-2010[edit]




Caesars Palace, acquired as part of Apollo's LBO of Harrah's Entertainment


The 2005 - 2007 period marked a boom period in private equity with new "largest buyout" records set and surpassed several times in an 18-month window from the beginning of 2006 through the middle of 2007.[42] Apollo was among the most active investors in leveraged buyout transactions during this period. Although Apollo was involved in a number of notable and large buyouts, the firm largely avoided the very largest transactions of this period. Among Apollo's most notable investments during this period included Harrah's Entertainment, a leading US gaming and casino company; Norwegian Cruise Line, the cruise line operator; Claire's Stores, the retailer of costume jewelry; and Realogy, the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby's International Realty.[43]
In August 2006, Apollo launched a $2 billion publicly traded private equity vehicle in Europe, AP Alternative Assets (ENXTAM:AAA).[41] The IPO of this new vehicle followed in the footsteps of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, which raised $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[44] Apollo initially attempted to raise $2.5 billion for the public vehicle, but fell short when it offered the shares in June, raising only $1.5 billion. Apollo raised an additional $500 million via private placements in the weeks following that sale.[45]
As the private equity industry expanded through 2006 and 2007, several of the largest private equity firms, most notably The Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, announced plans to realize value from their firms through the sale of shares in the public equity markets. Apollo Management chose a slightly different path, by completing a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR.[41][46] In November 2007, Apollo was able to realize additional value from the sale of a 9% ownership interest in its management company to the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA).[47] Ultimately, in April 2008, Apollo would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)[48] to permit some holders of its privately traded stock to sell their shares on the New York Stock Exchange and in March 2011, Apollo completed its initial public offering (NYSE: APO).[49] In 2008, the firm opened an office in India, marking their first push into Asia.[50]




Apollo lost its investment in retailer Linens 'n Things with the company's 2008 bankruptcy[51]


As the deterioration of the financial markets worsened into 2008, Apollo saw several of its investments come under pressure. Apollo's 2005 investment in the struggling US retailer, Linens 'n Things suffered from a significant debt burden and softening consumer demand. In May 2008, Linens was forced to file for bankruptcy protection, one of several high-profile retail bankruptcies in 2008, costing Apollo all of its $365 million investment in the company.[51][52] At the same time, Apollo's investment in Claire's, Realogy and Harrah's Entertainment came under pressure.[43] Apollo would respond actively to its investment difficulties seeking to exchange a portion of the existing debt at Harrah's and Realogy to more favorable securities.[53] At Claire's, Apollo exercised its "PIK toggle" option to shut off cash interest payments to its bondholders and issue more debt instead, in order to provide the company with additional financial flexibility.[54]
In December 2008, Apollo completed fundraising for its latest fund, Apollo Investment Fund VII with approximately $14.7 billion of investor commitments.[55] Apollo had been targeting $15 billion, but had been in fundraising for more than 16 months, with the bulk of the capital raised in 2007.[56]
In December 2009, it was announced that Apollo would acquire Cedar Fair Entertainment Company shares and the company would be become private underneath the management group.[57] The deal includes a cash payment of $635 million and assumed debt which gives the transaction a value of $2.4 billion.[58] It was later announced in April 2010 that the deal was pulled due to poor shareholder response.[59]
2010-2016[edit]
In March 2012 it made a second attempt to acquire an amusement park operator with a $225.7 million offer for Great Wolf Resorts.[60]
In November 2012, The McGraw-Hill Companies sold their education division ("McGraw-Hill Education") to Apollo Global Management, in a deal totaling $2.5 billion.[61]
On 11 March 2013, Apollo Global Management made the only bid for the snacks business of Hostess Brands, including Twinkies, for $410 million.[62]

In December 2013, Apollo bought a portfolio of Irish home loans from Lloyds Bank for €307m, less than half their nominal £610m (€367m) value.[clarification needed] The shares were bought by an Apollo Global Management subsidiary, Tanager Limited. The portfolio made a £33m loss last year.[63]
In January 2014, Apollo bought CEC Entertainment, the parent company of Chuck E. Cheese's, for about $1 billion.[64]
In June 2015, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer of around $1.03 billion in cash to privatise OM Group.[65] Also that month, Apollo won the bidding during an auction for Saint-Gobain’s Verallia glass bottle manufacturing unit for a rumoured fee of around 2.95 billion.[66]
In February 2016, ADT Corporation agreed to be acquired by Apollo Global Management.[67]
In May 2016, Apollo Education Group[68] shareholders approved a merger with Apollo Global Management.
In June 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Diamond Resorts International.[69]
In August 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Rackspace.[70]
Operations[edit]
Apollo is operated by its managing partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan and a team of more than 250 investment professionals, as of March 31, 2013. The firm's headquarters are located in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street[71] in New York City, and the firm operates additional offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai[48]
Apollo’s executive committee includes: Leon Black, chairman and chief executive officer; Josh Harris, senior managing director; Marc Rowan, senior managing director; and Marc Spilker who was hired as President in November 2010.[72]
Apollo operates three business lines in an integrated manner:

Private equity—The private equity business is the cornerstone of Apollo's investment activities. Apollo invests through a variety of private equity strategies, most notably leveraged buyouts and distressed buyouts and debt investments. This business operates primarily through the firm's family of private equity investment funds (See: Investment funds)[48]
Credit—Apollo invests through a variety of credit strategies to complement its core private equity business. Apollo invests through a variety of investment vehicles including mezzanine funds, hedge funds, European non-performing loan funds and senior credit opportunity funds.[73]
Real Estate—Apollo Global Real Estate (AGRE) was established in 2008 to build upon Apollo's history of investing in real estate-related sectors such as hotels and lodging, leisure and logistics. AGRE manages a number of debt and equity-oriented real estate investment funds.[73]

Investment vehicles[edit]
Private equity funds[edit]
Apollo has historically relied primarily on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, family offices, sovereign wealth funds and other institutional investors. Since 2014, Apollo has begun investing its eighth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, which raised approximately $18 billion of investor commitments, making it the largest private equity fund raised since the financial crisis.[74] Since inception in 1990, Apollo has raised a total of eight private equity funds, including:[23]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($m)


Apollo Investment Fund VIII
2014
$18,400


Apollo Investment Fund VII[56]
2008
$14,700


Apollo Investment Fund VI
2005
$10,200


Apollo Investment Fund V
2001
$3,700


Apollo Investment Fund IV
1998
$3,600


Apollo Investment Fund III
1995
$1,500


Apollo Investment Fund II
1992
$500


Apollo Investment Fund I
1990
$400


Apollo Investment Corporation[edit]






Type

Public company (NASDAQ: AINV)


Founded
2004


Revenue
US$404M (FY 2010)[75]



Net income

US$263M (FY 2010)[75]


Total assets
US$3.47B (FY 2010)[76]


Total equity
US$1.77B (FY 2010)[76]


Website
www.apolloic.com


Apollo Investment Corporation is a US-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end fund and an affiliate of Apollo. AIC was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]
AIC is structured as a business development company, a type of publicly traded private equity vehicle that is designed to generate interest income and long term capital appreciation. AIC historically has not invested in companies controlled by Apollo's private equity funds.[77]
AP Alternative Assets[edit]






Type

Public company (Euronext: AAA)


Founded
2004


Website
www.apolloalternativeassets.com


AP Alternative Assets (Euronext: AAA) is a Guernsey-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end limited partnership, managed by Apollo Alternative Assets, an affiliate of Apollo Management. AAA was formed to invest alongside Apollo's main private equity funds and hedge funds.[40][41]
AAA was launched in August 2006, shortly after Kohlberg Kravis Roberts completed an initial public offering for its $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[41][44] Apollo raised a total of $2 billion for AAA including the vehicle's $1.5 billion IPO and a subsequent private placement.[45]
AAA's investment portfolio is made up of a mix of private equity and capital markets investments:[78]
Portfolio investments[edit]
Apollo has been an active private equity investor through the mid-2000s buyout boom. The following is a list of Apollo's most recent and currently active private equity investments. The bulk of these investments are held in Apollo Investment Fund V, VI and VII.


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


Berry Plastics
2006
In June 2006, Apollo and Graham Partners announced the acquisition of Berry Plastics Corporation, a maker of plastic containers, for $2.25 billion from Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and JPMorgan Partners.
[79]


Claire's
2007
In March 2007, Apollo announced the $3.1 billion leveraged buyout of costume jewelry retailer, Claire’s Stores. In 2008, Claire's experienced financial difficulty amid the slump in consumer spending.
[80][81]


Countrywide plc
2007
In May 2007, Apollo acquired Countrywide plc, the leading provider of residential property related services in the UK, formerly known as Hambro Countrywide (1988) and Countrywide Assured Group (1998) for $1.05 billion (not related to Countrywide Financial).
[82]


CEVA Logistics
2006
In August 2006, TNT N.V. announced that it had agreed to the sale of its logistics division to Apollo for $1.9 billion. The business was re-branded as CEVA in November 2007.
[83]


Debt investments
2008-2009
Since the beginning of 2008, Apollo has been a significant acquiror of senior secured loans from investment banks and other financial institutions. In April 2008, Apollo, TPG Capital and The Blackstone Group completed the acquisition of $12.5 billion of bank loans from Citigroup. The portfolio comprised primarily senior secured leveraged loans that had been made to finance leveraged buyout transactions at the peak of the market. Citigroup had been unable to syndicate the loans before the onset of the credit crunch. The loans were reported to have been sold in the "mid-80 cents on the dollar" relative to face value. In late 2008, it was reported that Apollo had received margin calls associated with the financing of its purchase of certain loan portfolios as the price of the loans decreased.
[84][85][86]


Great Wolf Resorts
2012
In March 2012 Apollo announced plans to acquire the resorts chain for $703 million. Reports indicated the chain had not turned a profit since 2008.
[87]


Harrah's Entertainment
2006
On December 19, 2006, Apollo and TPG Capital announced an agreement to acquire the gaming company for $27.4 billion, including the assumption of existing debt.
[88]


Hexion Specialty Chemicals
2005
Hexion was formed in 2005 through the merger of Borden Chemical, Inc., Resolution Performance Products LLC, and Resolution Specialty Materials LLC, and the acquisition of Bakelite AG. Hexion announced in July 2007 that it was acquiring Huntsman Corporation, a major specialty chemicals company, in a $6.5 billion leveraged buyout. Hexion announced in June 2008 it would refuse to close the deal, prompting a series of legal actions. The transaction was officially terminated on December 14 after a settlement between Hexion and Huntsman, wherein they were required to pay Huntsman $1 billion to drop fraud charges that would have potentially sent the CEO of Apollo to prison.
[89][90]


Jacuzzi Brands
2006
In October 2006, Apollo announced a $990 million leveraged buyout of Jacuzzi Brands, the manufacturer of whirlpool baths.
[91]


McGraw-Hill Education
2012
In November 2012, McGraw Hill announced that it had agreed to the sale of its education division to Apollo for $2.5 billion.
[92]


Momentive Performance Materials
2006
In June 2006, Apollo acquired General Electric's Advanced Materials (Silicones & Quartz) business in a deal valued at approximately $3.8 billion.
[93]


Noranda Aluminum
2007
In April 2007, Apollo acquired the US aluminum business of the mining company Xstrata for $1.15 billion. The aluminum business, Noranda Aluminum, includes a primary smelter and three rolling mills in Tennessee, North Carolina and Arkansas along with other operations.
[94]


Norwegian Cruise Line
2008
In January 2008, Apollo completed a $1 billion investment in the cruise line operator to support a recapitalization of the company's balance sheet.
[95]


Oceania Cruises
2007
In February, 2007, Apollo acquired the luxury cruise line and provided additional capital to fund the expansion of the company with the purchase of two new cruise ships.
[96][97]


Realogy:

Coldwell Banker
Sotheby's International Realty
Century 21 Real Estate


2006
In December 2006, Apollo announced an $8.5 billion buyout of the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby’s International Realty. The transaction closed in April 2007 and was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange. As the housing market crash accelerated in 2008, Realogy faced financial pressures relating to its debt load. In November 2008, Realogy launched an exchange offer for a portion of its debt to provide additional flexibility, prompting a lawsuit from Carl Icahn.
[53][98][99][100]


Regent Seven Seas Cruises
2008
In February 2008, Apollo purchased the luxury cruise line from Carlson Companies for $1 billion. Following the purchase, Apollo made public their plans to order a new ship for Regent.
[101]


Rexnord Corporation
2006
In May 2006, Apollo announced the acquisition of the manufacturer of precision motion technology products, primarily focused on power transmission, from private equity firm The Carlyle Group for $1.825 billion.
[91][102]


Smart & Final

Henry's Marketplace
Sprouts Farmers Market


2007
In February 2007, Apollo announced the acquisition of the Smart & Final chain of warehouse style food and supply stores. In June 2007, Smart & Final completed the acquisition of the Henry's Marketplace chain of "farmers market" style food retailers from Wild Oats Markets as part of that company's acquisition by Whole Foods Market. In 2011, the Henry's chain was merged with Sprouts Farmers Market, which, like the Henry's markets, had been founded by Henry Boney.
[103][104]
[105] [106]



Vantium Management
2008
In May 2008, Apollo invested in Vantium, a company that buys residential mortgage assets as part of a strategy to profit from the housing market crash.
[107]


Verso Paper
2006
In 2006, Apollo acquired International Paper's coated and supercalendered paper business for $1.4 billion, renaming the business, Verso Paper. Verso has been the second largest producer for the North American magazine publishing and catalog/commercial print markets. In May 2008, Verso was able to complete an initial public offering of stock.
[108][109]


Novitex Enterprise Solutions
2013
In 2013, Apollo acquired Pitney Bowes Management Services (PBMS) for $400 million. From PBMS, Apollo formed Novitex Enterprise Solutions. Novitex is a document outsourcing provider that manages business-critical services for over 500 companies across ten industries. Many of its clients are Fortune 500 companies.
[110][111]


Thai Ornament Resorts
2016
In January 2016, Apollo and Pool Trust announced the acquisition of Thai Ornament Resorts, an upscale destination resort developing firm, for $75.8 million from Tri-Cities Partnership and The Pool Trust.[112]


Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media GMBH.
Affiliated businesses[edit]
From its inception, Apollo built as part of a network of affiliated businesses focusing on private equity and a variety of distressed investment strategies.
Lion Advisors[edit]
Lion Advisors (or Lion Capital), which was founded at the same time as Apollo in 1990, focused on investment management and consulting services to foreign institutional accounts targeting investments in public and private high yield debt securities in the US. In 1992, Lion entered into a more formal arrangement to manage the $3 billion high-yield portfolio for Credit Lyonnais which together with a consortium of other international investors provided the capital for Lion's investment activities. The Lion business would ultimately be replaced by Ares Management.[113]
Ares Management[edit]
Main article: Ares Management






Type

Public


Founded
1997, 2002 (independent)


Website
www.aresmgmt.com


Ares Management, founded in 1997, was initially established to manage a $1.2 billion market value collateralized debt obligation vehicle. Ares would grow to manage a family of collateralized loan obligation (CLO) vehicles that would invest in capital markets-based securities including senior bank loans and high-yield and mezzanine debt. Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal, who joined the group from the global leveraged finance group at Merrill Lynch.[114]
Ares I and II which were raised were structured as market value CLOs. Ares III though Ares X were structured as cash flow CLOs. In 2002, Ares completed a spinout from Apollo management. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spinout with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. Shortly thereafter, Ares completed fundraising for Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund, a special situations investment fund with $750 million of capital under management.[113][114]
In 2004, Ares debuted a publicly traded business development company, Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC).[115] In 2006, Ares raised a $2.1 billion successor special situations fund (Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund II).[114]
References[edit]


^ http://ir.agm.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=214560&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2217067
^ "Apollo Global Management, Form 10-Q, FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2014". SEC.gov. Retrieved June 19, 2014. 
^ Leon D. Black. Business Week Snapshot
^ Mittelman, Melissa (28 October 2016). "Apollo to Raise New LBO Fund as It Spends More Than Ever Before". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved 1 November 2016. 
^ Deal Maker’s 3-Day Tally: $37 Billion. New York Times, 2006
^ Drexel Divided on Settlement. New York Times, December 17, 1988
^ a b Ex-Drexel Executives Arrange Aid for Fruit of the Loom, August 24, 1990
^ Changes at Drexel Continue. New York Times, March 11, 1989
^ Drexel's Uncertain Future. New York Times, October 15, 1989
^ Bailing Out France's Biggest Bank. New York Times, January 26, 1995
^ Altman, Edward I. "The High Yield Bond Market: A Decade Of Assessment, Comparing 1990 With 2000." NYU Stern School of Business, 2000
^ HYLTON, RICHARD D. Corporate Bond Defaults Up Sharply in '89 New York Times, January 11, 1990.
^ Apollo dissolves Vail Resorts stake Archived 2009-02-25 at the Wayback Machine.. Deseret News (Salt Lake City), Oct 1, 2004
^ Company News; Walter Industries' Bondholders in Accord. New York Times, April 9, 1994
^ Settlement For Walter Industries And Creditors. New York Times, October 21, 1994
^ E-II Revamps Debt Plan To Offset Offer by Icahn. New York Times, May 22, 1993.
^ Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets. New York Times, February 10, 2009
^ European Group Pressing Its Offer for Executive Life, April 13, 1991
^ Executive Life Indictments Brought. Wall Street Journal, December 18, 2003 Archived September 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ He Made Real Estate a Science: William L. Mack, W’61. Wharton School of Business Alumni Magazine, Spring 2007
^ "AREA Property Partners Press Release" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 June 2013. Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ Apollo Real Estate Advisors closes Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII with USD758m. Hedge Week, July 8, 2008
^ a b c d Double trouble. The Deal, July 18, 2008 Archived November 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Leon Black: Wall Street's Dr. No Archived 2009-02-15 at the Wayback Machine.. Business Week, July 29, 1996
^ Levitz Furniture Gets Boost from Financier Leon Black. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, July, 1996
^ Communications Corporation of America Profile. Business Week
^ Yucaipa will stack up hefty debt load if it buys Ralphs. Los Angeles Business Journal, August 22, 1994 Archived October 29, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ HFS-Apollo in Real Estate Brokerage Venture. New York Times, August 13, 1997
^ Pillowtex to Acquire Fieldcrest for $400 Million. New York Times, September 12, 1997
^ Telemundo Plan Backed. New York Times, July 21, 1994
^ Weyerhaeuser Mortgage Company sale closes. Business Wire, May 22, 1997
^ Pegasus Capital Advisors > Craig Cogut Profile Archived 2012-07-30 at the Wayback Machine. (company website). Also: Craig Cogut's Professional Profile (Founder of Pegasus Capital Advisors)[permanent dead link].
^ A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ For a Theater Chain, A Revival May Be Near. New York Times, January 27, 2002
^ Apollo Takes 20% Stake In Berlitz For $100 Million. New York Times, October 8, 1998
^ Apollo Affiliate Is Acquiring Clark's Store Operations. New York Times, May 14, 1999
^ Neptune Orient To Sell North American Train Network. New York Times, March 18, 1999
^ Wyndham Receives $1 Billion From Investor Group. New York Times, July 1, 1999
^ Apollo raising distressed-debt fund[dead link]. The Deal, June 5, 2003
^ a b c Fabrikant, Geraldine. "Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds To Tap the Market." New York Times, April 17, 2004.
^ a b c d e f Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Equity Firm Is Seen Ready to Sell a Stake to Investors." New York Times, April 5, 2007.
^ Samuelson, Robert J. "The Private Equity Boom". The Washington Post, March 15, 2007.
^ a b In Private Equity, the Limits of Apollo’s Power. New York Times, December 7, 2008
^ a b Timmons, Heather. "Opening Private Equity's Door, at Least a Crack, to Public Investors." New York Times, May 4, 2006.
^ a b Apollo equity fund IPO falls short of its target. International Herald Tribune, June 9, 2006
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and De La Merced, Michael J. "Buyout Firm Said to Seek a Private Market Offering." New York Times, July 18, 2007.
^ Apollo chief says sold nine percent of firm to Abu Dhabi. Reuters, November 7, 2007
^ a b c Apollo Global Management, Llc, Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, April 8, 2008
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things." New York Times, April 14, 2008.
^ Forget slowdown, PEs still heading to India. The Economic Times, August 8, 2008
^ a b Bankruptcy Protection for Retailer. New York Times, May 3, 2008
^ Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things. New York Times, April 14, 2008
^ a b An End Run Around Realogy’s Lenders. New York Times, November 27, 2008
^ PIK and Roll: Companies Seize On Perks of Loose Lending . Wall Street Journal, May 19, 2008
^ "Apollo First-Quarter Profit Rises 76% as Holdings Gain". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Apollo Closes Buyout Fund Near $15 Billion Target. Wall Street Journal, January 23, 2009. Most recently, Apollo acquired Cedar Fair L.P. for about $650 million dollars cash. The company had seen profits plummet in the recent recession. Net income dropped more than $45 million from last year, and Cedar Fair was forced to sell. Apollo acquired more than 1.5 billion dollars of debt.
^ Press Releases :: Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Archived 2009-12-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Coastal Business: Charleston Port activity studied". The Sun News. 2009-12-31. Retrieved 2010-01-01. [dead link]
^ "Cedar Fair: Takeover not happening". The Seattle Times. 6 April 2010. Archived from the original on 30 January 2013. Retrieved 19 November 2011. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Private Equity Firms Duel Over Water Park Operator." New York Times DealBook, April 8, 2012.
^ "McGraw-Hill Sells Education Unit to Apollo - WSJ.com". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kosman, Josh. "Leon Black's Apollo Global new owner of Twinkies, other Hostess snack brands". New York Post. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ "Equity firm Apollo buys $419.4m (€307m) of Irish home loans from Lloyds". Irish Independent. 6 December 2013. Retrieved 18 December 2013. 
^ "Chuck E. Cheese sold in near-bn deal - FT.com". Financial Times. 
^ Ankit Ajmera (1 June 2015). "OM Group to be taken private by Apollo Global in $1.03 billion deal". Reuters. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Andrew Callus (7 June 2015). "Apollo wins auction for St-Gobain's Verallia". Reuters. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-02-16). "ADT in $6.9 Billion Deal to Sell Itself to Apollo Buyout Firm". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2017-07-21. 
^ "Apollo Education Group shareholders approve merger agreement". Rueters. 6 May 2016. Retrieved 18 August 2016. 
^ Jarzemsky, Matt; Mattioli, Dana (29 June 2016). "Apollo Global to Buy Diamond Resorts for $2.2 Billion". Retrieved 4 July 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Rackspace to Go Private in $4.3 Billion Deal". 26 August 2016. Retrieved 26 August 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ Business People; Taking Tyco's View. New York Times, February 29, 2004
^ International Alternative Investment Review Archived 2011-06-05 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Amendment No. 8 to Form S-1
^ Greg Roumeliotis (January 9, 2014). "Apollo raises largest PE fund since financial crisis". Reuters. 
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC income statement filing via Wikinvest.
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ Apollo Investment Corporation: Portfolio Companies (company website)
^ Apollo Alternative Assets: Investment Strategy (company website Archived January 29, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Berry Plastics to Be Sold Again. Reuters, June 29, 2006
^ Costume Jewelry Retailer Agrees to a Takeover. New York Times, March 21, 2007
^ Wave of Bankruptcy Filings Expected From Retailers in Wake of Holidays. Wall Street Journal, JANUARY 12, 2009
^ Apollo Sweetens Countrywide PLC Bid. Wall Street Journal, April 13, 2007
^ Dutch Postal Deal. Associated Press, August 24, 2006
^ Citi Is Said to Be Near Deal to Sell $12.5 Billion of Loans. New York Times, April 9, 2008
^ Apollo, GSO Debt Funds Have Faced Margin Call Issues. Wall Street Journal, November 12, 2008
^ Black: Apollo's debt bets were ‘a little early’. Private Equity Online, January 23, 2009
^ Ahmed, Azam (March 13, 2012). "Apollo to Acquire Water Park Operator for $703 Million". The New York Times. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Harrah's Is Said to Be in Talks to Accept $16.7 Billion Buyout." New York Times, December 18, 2006.
^ Manufacturer of Chemicals Agrees to Bid From Apollo. New York Times, July 13, 2007
^ Huntsman Settles With Apollo, New York Times, December 14, 2008
^ a b Jacuzzi Brands Is Going Private. Reuters, October 12, 2006
^ [1]. New York Times, November 26, 2012
^ Apollo Management to buy GE Advanced Materials Business. AltAssets, September 18, 2006 Archived June 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mine Company Sells U.S. Unit. New York Times, April 12, 2007
^ Closes $1 Billion Investment by Apollo. Reuters, January 7, 2008
^ Oceania Cruises sold to new owners. USA Today, February 27, 2007 Archived September 5, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oceania Cruises Closes A Transaction With Apollo Management: Completes $850 Million Strategic Partnership. Oceania Cruises press release, April 30, 2007 Archived December 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Latest Deal in Real Estate for $9 Billion. New York Times, December 18, 2006
^ "Apollo Management, L.P. Completes Acquisition Of Realogy Corporation". Realogy. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2007-06-05. 
^ Icahn Sues Real Estate Company Over Debt. New York Times, December 2, 2008
^ Apollo to buy cruise company Regent Seven Seas Cruises. AltAssets, December 12, 2007 Archived December 2, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Carlyle to sell Rexnord Corporation to Apollo for $1.8bn. AltAssets, May 25, 2006 Archived March 7, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Smart & Final sells to Apollo Management affiliate in $813.9M deal. Los Angeles Business, February 20, 2007
^ Whole Foods Deal. Bloomberg, June 21, 2007
^ Hamstra, Mark (16 February 2011). "Apollo Combines Sprouts, Henry's". Supermarket News. Penton Media, Inc. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Crabtree, Penni (27 February 2011). "Merger of Henry's, Sprouts is latest in Boney family's retail saga". SignOn San Diego. The San Diego Union-Tribune, LLC. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Apollo Management Invests in Buyer of Mortgage Assets. New York Times, May 28, 2008
^ Verso Paper turns a page with IPO; President & CEO Mike Jackson credits a foundation document, focused strategies, and talented employees for company's success. Paper360, Oct, 2008
^ Verso Paper Sets I.P.O. Range. New York Times, April 29, 2008
^ Apollo Global Management to Acquire Management Services Business from Pitney Bowes. Pitney Bowes Inc, July 30, 2013
^ "News & Insights - Document Outsourcing - Novitex" (PDF). Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ "Cotton ornaments, 'Happy Thai Horses' (set of 4)". Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ a b Ares Enhanced Loan Investment Strategy IR, Ltd. Prospectus. September 22, 2008[dead link]
^ a b c Ares Management to Take New Fund Public. Los Angeles Times, April 22, 2004
^ Ares Capital IPO Raises $165 Million. Los Angeles Times, October 06, 2004


External links[edit]


Companies portal


Official website






v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Apollo_Global_Management&oldid=791623716"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangePrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in New York CityCompanies established in 1990Apollo Global ManagementDrexel Burnham LambertMezzanine capital investment firmsCompanies listed on NASDAQHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Apollo Global Management - Wikipedia






















 







Apollo Global Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Apollo Management)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Apollo Global Management, LLC





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: APO


Industry
Asset management


Founded
1990; 27 years ago (1990)


Founder
Leon Black, John Hannan, Josh Harris, Marc Rowan, Craig Cogut, Arthur Bilger, Antony Ressler


Headquarters
Solow Building
New York City, USA



Key people

Leon Black (CEO), Marc Rowan, Josh Harris


Products
Private equity funds, credit funds, real estate funds, alternative Investment, Leveraged buyouts, Growth capital, Venture capital


AUM
 $188.6 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 $22.9 billion (2014)[2]


Website
www.agm.com


Apollo Global Management, LLC is an American private equity firm, founded in 1990 by former Drexel Burnham Lambert banker Leon Black.[3] The firm specializes in leveraged buyout transactions and purchases of distressed securities involving corporate restructuring, special situations, and industry consolidations. Apollo is headquartered in New York City, and also has offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai.
As of August 2016, Apollo managed over US$188.8 billion of investor commitments across its private equity, credit and real estate funds and other investment vehicles making it the second largest US-based alternative asset management firm.[4] Among the most notable companies currently owned by Apollo are Claire's, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Novitex Enterprise Solutions, and Rackspace.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1990s
1.2 2000-2005
1.3 2005-2010
1.4 2010-2016


2 Operations
3 Investment vehicles

3.1 Private equity funds
3.2 Apollo Investment Corporation
3.3 AP Alternative Assets


4 Portfolio investments
5 Affiliated businesses

5.1 Lion Advisors
5.2 Ares Management


6 References
7 External links



History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Apollo, originally referred to as Apollo Advisors, was founded in 1990, on the heels of the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert in February 1990. It was founded by Leon Black, the former head of Drexel's mergers and acquisitions department, along with other Drexel alumni.[6] Among the most notable founders are John Hannan, Drexel's former co-director of international finance; Craig Cogut, a lawyer who worked with Drexel's high-yield division in Los Angeles; and Arthur Bilger, the former head of the corporate finance department. Other founding partners included Marc Rowan, Josh Harris and Michael Gross, who both worked under Black in the mergers and acquisitions department, and Antony Ressler, who worked as a senior vice president in Drexel's high yield department with responsibility for the new issue/syndicate desk.[7][8][9]
Less than six months after the collapse of Drexel, the founders of Apollo had already begun a series of ventures. Apollo Investment Fund L.P., the first of their private equity investment funds, was formed to make investments in distressed companies. Apollo's first fund raised approximately $400 million of investor commitments on the strength of Black's reputation as a prominent lieutenant of Michael Milken and key player in the buyout boom of the 1980s.[7] Lion Advisors was set up to provide investment services to Credit Lyonnais, which was seeking to profit from depressed prices in the high yield market.[10]
1990s[edit]
At the time of Apollo's founding, financing for new leveraged buyouts was minimal and Apollo turned instead to a strategy of distressed-to-control takeovers.[11][12] Apollo would purchase distressed securities which could be converted into a controlling interest in the equity of the company through a bankruptcy reorganization or other restructuring. Apollo used distressed debt as an entry point, enabling the firm to invest in such firms as Vail Resorts,[13] Walter Industries,[14][15] Culligan and Samsonite.[16]
Early on, Apollo made a name for itself by acquiring interests in companies that Drexel had helped finance by purchasing high-yield bonds from failed savings and loans and insurance companies. Apollo acquired several large portfolios of assets from the U.S. government's Resolution Trust Corporation.[17] One of Apollo's earliest and most successful deals involved the acquisition of Executive Life Insurance Company's bond portfolio. Using this vehicle, Apollo would purchase the Executive Life portfolio, generating tremendous profits when the value of high yield bonds recovered, but also resulting in a variety of state regulatory issues for Apollo and Credit Lyonnais over the purchase.[18] More than a decade after the purchase, in 2002, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer accused Apollo, Leon Black, and an investor group led by French bank Credit Lyonnais, of illegally acquiring the assets and bond portfolio of Executive Life Insurance Co. in 1991. According to the State of California, Lion allegedly violated a California law that prohibited foreign government-owned banks from owning California insurance companies.[19]




AREA Property Partners logo


In 1993, Apollo Real Estate Advisers was founded in collaboration with William Mack to seek opportunities in the U.S. property markets.[20] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. In 2000, Apollo exited the partnership, which continued to operate as Apollo Real Estate Advisers until changing its name to AREA Property Partners, effective January 15, 2009. That firm is owned and controlled by its remaining principals, who include William Mack, Lee Neibart, William Benjamin, John Jacobsson, Stuart Koenig and Richard Mack.[21] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. As of 2008, the firm was investing out of three funds: Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund V, Apollo European Real Estate Fund II and Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII. In 2004, Apollo Real Estate acquired the Value Enhancement Funds family of investment vehicles to broaden its offerings in the "value-added" segment of the real estate investment spectrum. Apollo also operates a real estate mezzanine lending program and real estate securities hedge fund called Claros Real Estate Securities Fund, L.P.[22]
In 1995, Apollo raised its third private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund III with $1.5 billion of investor commitments from investors that included CalPERS and the General Motors pension fund.[23][24] Unlike its first two funds and later funds, Fund III would ultimately prove only an average performer for private equity funds of its vintage. Among the investments made in Fund III (invested through 1998) were: Alliance Imaging, Allied Waste Industries, Breuners Home Furnishings, Levitz Furniture,[25] Communications Corporation of America,[26] Dominick's, Ralphs (acquired Apollo's Food-4-Less),[27] Move.com, NRT Incorporated,[28] Pillowtex Corporation,[29] Telemundo[30] and WMC Mortgage Corporation.[31]




Apollo invested in AMC in 2001 and would buy out the company in 2004


Also in 1995, Apollo founding partner Craig Cogut left the firm to found a smaller competitor Pegasus Capital Advisors. Since inception Pegasus has raised $1.8 billion in four private equity funds focused on investments in middle-market companies in financial distress. In 1997, Apollo co-founder Tony Ressler founded Ares Management as the successor to its Lion Advisors business which would manage collateralized debt obligation vehicles.[32]
In 1998, Apollo raised its fourth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund IV, with $3.6 billion of investor commitments.[23] Among the investments made in Fund IV (invested through 2001) were: Allied Waste Industries,[33] AMC Entertainment,[34] Berlitz International,[35] Clark Retail Enterprises,[36] Corporate Express (Buhrmann), Encompass Services Corporation, National Financial Partners, Pacer International,[37] Rent-A-Center, Resolution Performance Products, Resolution Specialty Materials, Sirius Satellite Radio, SkyTerra Communications, United Rentals and Wyndham Worldwide.[38]
2000-2005[edit]




Apollo's headquarters in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street in New York City, formerly occupied by Tyco


Apollo deployed its fourth fund during the booming markets of the late 1990s, only to experience difficulties with the collapse of the Internet bubble and the onset of the recession. Amid the turmoil of collapsing markets, Apollo was able to raise its fifth private equity fund in 2001, Apollo Investment Fund V, with $3.7 billion of investor commitments, roughly the same amount raised as for its previous fund.[23] Among the investments made in Fund V (invested through 2006) were Affinion Group, AMC Entertainment, Berry Plastics, Cablecom, Compass Minerals, General Nutrition Centers (GNC), Goodman Global, Hexion Specialty Chemicals (Borden), Intelsat, Linens ‘n Things, Metals USA, Nalco Investment Holdings, Sourcecorp, Spectrasite Communications, and Unity Media.
Meanwhile, Ares continued to grow through the late 1990s, and profited significantly from investments made after the collapse of the high yield market in 2000 and 2001. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spin out with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. By 2002, when Ares raised its first corporate opportunities fund, the firm announced that it was more formally separating itself from its former parent company. The timing of this separation also coincided with Apollo's legal difficulties with the State of California over its purchase of Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.
Following the spin-off of Ares in 2002, Apollo developed two new affiliates to continue its investment activities in the capital markets. The first of these new affiliates, founded in 2003, was Apollo Distressed Investment Fund (DIF) Management a credit opportunity investment vehicle.[39] The following year, in April 2004, Apollo raised $930 million through an initial public offering (IPO) for a listed business development company, Apollo Investment Corporation (NASDAQ: AINV)). Apollo Investment Corporation was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]

2005-2010[edit]




Caesars Palace, acquired as part of Apollo's LBO of Harrah's Entertainment


The 2005 - 2007 period marked a boom period in private equity with new "largest buyout" records set and surpassed several times in an 18-month window from the beginning of 2006 through the middle of 2007.[42] Apollo was among the most active investors in leveraged buyout transactions during this period. Although Apollo was involved in a number of notable and large buyouts, the firm largely avoided the very largest transactions of this period. Among Apollo's most notable investments during this period included Harrah's Entertainment, a leading US gaming and casino company; Norwegian Cruise Line, the cruise line operator; Claire's Stores, the retailer of costume jewelry; and Realogy, the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby's International Realty.[43]
In August 2006, Apollo launched a $2 billion publicly traded private equity vehicle in Europe, AP Alternative Assets (ENXTAM:AAA).[41] The IPO of this new vehicle followed in the footsteps of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, which raised $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[44] Apollo initially attempted to raise $2.5 billion for the public vehicle, but fell short when it offered the shares in June, raising only $1.5 billion. Apollo raised an additional $500 million via private placements in the weeks following that sale.[45]
As the private equity industry expanded through 2006 and 2007, several of the largest private equity firms, most notably The Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, announced plans to realize value from their firms through the sale of shares in the public equity markets. Apollo Management chose a slightly different path, by completing a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR.[41][46] In November 2007, Apollo was able to realize additional value from the sale of a 9% ownership interest in its management company to the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA).[47] Ultimately, in April 2008, Apollo would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)[48] to permit some holders of its privately traded stock to sell their shares on the New York Stock Exchange and in March 2011, Apollo completed its initial public offering (NYSE: APO).[49] In 2008, the firm opened an office in India, marking their first push into Asia.[50]




Apollo lost its investment in retailer Linens 'n Things with the company's 2008 bankruptcy[51]


As the deterioration of the financial markets worsened into 2008, Apollo saw several of its investments come under pressure. Apollo's 2005 investment in the struggling US retailer, Linens 'n Things suffered from a significant debt burden and softening consumer demand. In May 2008, Linens was forced to file for bankruptcy protection, one of several high-profile retail bankruptcies in 2008, costing Apollo all of its $365 million investment in the company.[51][52] At the same time, Apollo's investment in Claire's, Realogy and Harrah's Entertainment came under pressure.[43] Apollo would respond actively to its investment difficulties seeking to exchange a portion of the existing debt at Harrah's and Realogy to more favorable securities.[53] At Claire's, Apollo exercised its "PIK toggle" option to shut off cash interest payments to its bondholders and issue more debt instead, in order to provide the company with additional financial flexibility.[54]
In December 2008, Apollo completed fundraising for its latest fund, Apollo Investment Fund VII with approximately $14.7 billion of investor commitments.[55] Apollo had been targeting $15 billion, but had been in fundraising for more than 16 months, with the bulk of the capital raised in 2007.[56]
In December 2009, it was announced that Apollo would acquire Cedar Fair Entertainment Company shares and the company would be become private underneath the management group.[57] The deal includes a cash payment of $635 million and assumed debt which gives the transaction a value of $2.4 billion.[58] It was later announced in April 2010 that the deal was pulled due to poor shareholder response.[59]
2010-2016[edit]
In March 2012 it made a second attempt to acquire an amusement park operator with a $225.7 million offer for Great Wolf Resorts.[60]
In November 2012, The McGraw-Hill Companies sold their education division ("McGraw-Hill Education") to Apollo Global Management, in a deal totaling $2.5 billion.[61]
On 11 March 2013, Apollo Global Management made the only bid for the snacks business of Hostess Brands, including Twinkies, for $410 million.[62]

In December 2013, Apollo bought a portfolio of Irish home loans from Lloyds Bank for €307m, less than half their nominal £610m (€367m) value.[clarification needed] The shares were bought by an Apollo Global Management subsidiary, Tanager Limited. The portfolio made a £33m loss last year.[63]
In January 2014, Apollo bought CEC Entertainment, the parent company of Chuck E. Cheese's, for about $1 billion.[64]
In June 2015, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer of around $1.03 billion in cash to privatise OM Group.[65] Also that month, Apollo won the bidding during an auction for Saint-Gobain’s Verallia glass bottle manufacturing unit for a rumoured fee of around 2.95 billion.[66]
In February 2016, ADT Corporation agreed to be acquired by Apollo Global Management.[67]
In May 2016, Apollo Education Group[68] shareholders approved a merger with Apollo Global Management.
In June 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Diamond Resorts International.[69]
In August 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Rackspace.[70]
Operations[edit]
Apollo is operated by its managing partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan and a team of more than 250 investment professionals, as of March 31, 2013. The firm's headquarters are located in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street[71] in New York City, and the firm operates additional offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai[48]
Apollo’s executive committee includes: Leon Black, chairman and chief executive officer; Josh Harris, senior managing director; Marc Rowan, senior managing director; and Marc Spilker who was hired as President in November 2010.[72]
Apollo operates three business lines in an integrated manner:

Private equity—The private equity business is the cornerstone of Apollo's investment activities. Apollo invests through a variety of private equity strategies, most notably leveraged buyouts and distressed buyouts and debt investments. This business operates primarily through the firm's family of private equity investment funds (See: Investment funds)[48]
Credit—Apollo invests through a variety of credit strategies to complement its core private equity business. Apollo invests through a variety of investment vehicles including mezzanine funds, hedge funds, European non-performing loan funds and senior credit opportunity funds.[73]
Real Estate—Apollo Global Real Estate (AGRE) was established in 2008 to build upon Apollo's history of investing in real estate-related sectors such as hotels and lodging, leisure and logistics. AGRE manages a number of debt and equity-oriented real estate investment funds.[73]

Investment vehicles[edit]
Private equity funds[edit]
Apollo has historically relied primarily on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, family offices, sovereign wealth funds and other institutional investors. Since 2014, Apollo has begun investing its eighth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, which raised approximately $18 billion of investor commitments, making it the largest private equity fund raised since the financial crisis.[74] Since inception in 1990, Apollo has raised a total of eight private equity funds, including:[23]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($m)


Apollo Investment Fund VIII
2014
$18,400


Apollo Investment Fund VII[56]
2008
$14,700


Apollo Investment Fund VI
2005
$10,200


Apollo Investment Fund V
2001
$3,700


Apollo Investment Fund IV
1998
$3,600


Apollo Investment Fund III
1995
$1,500


Apollo Investment Fund II
1992
$500


Apollo Investment Fund I
1990
$400


Apollo Investment Corporation[edit]






Type

Public company (NASDAQ: AINV)


Founded
2004


Revenue
US$404M (FY 2010)[75]



Net income

US$263M (FY 2010)[75]


Total assets
US$3.47B (FY 2010)[76]


Total equity
US$1.77B (FY 2010)[76]


Website
www.apolloic.com


Apollo Investment Corporation is a US-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end fund and an affiliate of Apollo. AIC was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]
AIC is structured as a business development company, a type of publicly traded private equity vehicle that is designed to generate interest income and long term capital appreciation. AIC historically has not invested in companies controlled by Apollo's private equity funds.[77]
AP Alternative Assets[edit]






Type

Public company (Euronext: AAA)


Founded
2004


Website
www.apolloalternativeassets.com


AP Alternative Assets (Euronext: AAA) is a Guernsey-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end limited partnership, managed by Apollo Alternative Assets, an affiliate of Apollo Management. AAA was formed to invest alongside Apollo's main private equity funds and hedge funds.[40][41]
AAA was launched in August 2006, shortly after Kohlberg Kravis Roberts completed an initial public offering for its $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[41][44] Apollo raised a total of $2 billion for AAA including the vehicle's $1.5 billion IPO and a subsequent private placement.[45]
AAA's investment portfolio is made up of a mix of private equity and capital markets investments:[78]
Portfolio investments[edit]
Apollo has been an active private equity investor through the mid-2000s buyout boom. The following is a list of Apollo's most recent and currently active private equity investments. The bulk of these investments are held in Apollo Investment Fund V, VI and VII.


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


Berry Plastics
2006
In June 2006, Apollo and Graham Partners announced the acquisition of Berry Plastics Corporation, a maker of plastic containers, for $2.25 billion from Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and JPMorgan Partners.
[79]


Claire's
2007
In March 2007, Apollo announced the $3.1 billion leveraged buyout of costume jewelry retailer, Claire’s Stores. In 2008, Claire's experienced financial difficulty amid the slump in consumer spending.
[80][81]


Countrywide plc
2007
In May 2007, Apollo acquired Countrywide plc, the leading provider of residential property related services in the UK, formerly known as Hambro Countrywide (1988) and Countrywide Assured Group (1998) for $1.05 billion (not related to Countrywide Financial).
[82]


CEVA Logistics
2006
In August 2006, TNT N.V. announced that it had agreed to the sale of its logistics division to Apollo for $1.9 billion. The business was re-branded as CEVA in November 2007.
[83]


Debt investments
2008-2009
Since the beginning of 2008, Apollo has been a significant acquiror of senior secured loans from investment banks and other financial institutions. In April 2008, Apollo, TPG Capital and The Blackstone Group completed the acquisition of $12.5 billion of bank loans from Citigroup. The portfolio comprised primarily senior secured leveraged loans that had been made to finance leveraged buyout transactions at the peak of the market. Citigroup had been unable to syndicate the loans before the onset of the credit crunch. The loans were reported to have been sold in the "mid-80 cents on the dollar" relative to face value. In late 2008, it was reported that Apollo had received margin calls associated with the financing of its purchase of certain loan portfolios as the price of the loans decreased.
[84][85][86]


Great Wolf Resorts
2012
In March 2012 Apollo announced plans to acquire the resorts chain for $703 million. Reports indicated the chain had not turned a profit since 2008.
[87]


Harrah's Entertainment
2006
On December 19, 2006, Apollo and TPG Capital announced an agreement to acquire the gaming company for $27.4 billion, including the assumption of existing debt.
[88]


Hexion Specialty Chemicals
2005
Hexion was formed in 2005 through the merger of Borden Chemical, Inc., Resolution Performance Products LLC, and Resolution Specialty Materials LLC, and the acquisition of Bakelite AG. Hexion announced in July 2007 that it was acquiring Huntsman Corporation, a major specialty chemicals company, in a $6.5 billion leveraged buyout. Hexion announced in June 2008 it would refuse to close the deal, prompting a series of legal actions. The transaction was officially terminated on December 14 after a settlement between Hexion and Huntsman, wherein they were required to pay Huntsman $1 billion to drop fraud charges that would have potentially sent the CEO of Apollo to prison.
[89][90]


Jacuzzi Brands
2006
In October 2006, Apollo announced a $990 million leveraged buyout of Jacuzzi Brands, the manufacturer of whirlpool baths.
[91]


McGraw-Hill Education
2012
In November 2012, McGraw Hill announced that it had agreed to the sale of its education division to Apollo for $2.5 billion.
[92]


Momentive Performance Materials
2006
In June 2006, Apollo acquired General Electric's Advanced Materials (Silicones & Quartz) business in a deal valued at approximately $3.8 billion.
[93]


Noranda Aluminum
2007
In April 2007, Apollo acquired the US aluminum business of the mining company Xstrata for $1.15 billion. The aluminum business, Noranda Aluminum, includes a primary smelter and three rolling mills in Tennessee, North Carolina and Arkansas along with other operations.
[94]


Norwegian Cruise Line
2008
In January 2008, Apollo completed a $1 billion investment in the cruise line operator to support a recapitalization of the company's balance sheet.
[95]


Oceania Cruises
2007
In February, 2007, Apollo acquired the luxury cruise line and provided additional capital to fund the expansion of the company with the purchase of two new cruise ships.
[96][97]


Realogy:

Coldwell Banker
Sotheby's International Realty
Century 21 Real Estate


2006
In December 2006, Apollo announced an $8.5 billion buyout of the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby’s International Realty. The transaction closed in April 2007 and was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange. As the housing market crash accelerated in 2008, Realogy faced financial pressures relating to its debt load. In November 2008, Realogy launched an exchange offer for a portion of its debt to provide additional flexibility, prompting a lawsuit from Carl Icahn.
[53][98][99][100]


Regent Seven Seas Cruises
2008
In February 2008, Apollo purchased the luxury cruise line from Carlson Companies for $1 billion. Following the purchase, Apollo made public their plans to order a new ship for Regent.
[101]


Rexnord Corporation
2006
In May 2006, Apollo announced the acquisition of the manufacturer of precision motion technology products, primarily focused on power transmission, from private equity firm The Carlyle Group for $1.825 billion.
[91][102]


Smart & Final

Henry's Marketplace
Sprouts Farmers Market


2007
In February 2007, Apollo announced the acquisition of the Smart & Final chain of warehouse style food and supply stores. In June 2007, Smart & Final completed the acquisition of the Henry's Marketplace chain of "farmers market" style food retailers from Wild Oats Markets as part of that company's acquisition by Whole Foods Market. In 2011, the Henry's chain was merged with Sprouts Farmers Market, which, like the Henry's markets, had been founded by Henry Boney.
[103][104]
[105] [106]



Vantium Management
2008
In May 2008, Apollo invested in Vantium, a company that buys residential mortgage assets as part of a strategy to profit from the housing market crash.
[107]


Verso Paper
2006
In 2006, Apollo acquired International Paper's coated and supercalendered paper business for $1.4 billion, renaming the business, Verso Paper. Verso has been the second largest producer for the North American magazine publishing and catalog/commercial print markets. In May 2008, Verso was able to complete an initial public offering of stock.
[108][109]


Novitex Enterprise Solutions
2013
In 2013, Apollo acquired Pitney Bowes Management Services (PBMS) for $400 million. From PBMS, Apollo formed Novitex Enterprise Solutions. Novitex is a document outsourcing provider that manages business-critical services for over 500 companies across ten industries. Many of its clients are Fortune 500 companies.
[110][111]


Thai Ornament Resorts
2016
In January 2016, Apollo and Pool Trust announced the acquisition of Thai Ornament Resorts, an upscale destination resort developing firm, for $75.8 million from Tri-Cities Partnership and The Pool Trust.[112]


Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media GMBH.
Affiliated businesses[edit]
From its inception, Apollo built as part of a network of affiliated businesses focusing on private equity and a variety of distressed investment strategies.
Lion Advisors[edit]
Lion Advisors (or Lion Capital), which was founded at the same time as Apollo in 1990, focused on investment management and consulting services to foreign institutional accounts targeting investments in public and private high yield debt securities in the US. In 1992, Lion entered into a more formal arrangement to manage the $3 billion high-yield portfolio for Credit Lyonnais which together with a consortium of other international investors provided the capital for Lion's investment activities. The Lion business would ultimately be replaced by Ares Management.[113]
Ares Management[edit]
Main article: Ares Management






Type

Public


Founded
1997, 2002 (independent)


Website
www.aresmgmt.com


Ares Management, founded in 1997, was initially established to manage a $1.2 billion market value collateralized debt obligation vehicle. Ares would grow to manage a family of collateralized loan obligation (CLO) vehicles that would invest in capital markets-based securities including senior bank loans and high-yield and mezzanine debt. Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal, who joined the group from the global leveraged finance group at Merrill Lynch.[114]
Ares I and II which were raised were structured as market value CLOs. Ares III though Ares X were structured as cash flow CLOs. In 2002, Ares completed a spinout from Apollo management. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spinout with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. Shortly thereafter, Ares completed fundraising for Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund, a special situations investment fund with $750 million of capital under management.[113][114]
In 2004, Ares debuted a publicly traded business development company, Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC).[115] In 2006, Ares raised a $2.1 billion successor special situations fund (Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund II).[114]
References[edit]


^ http://ir.agm.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=214560&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2217067
^ "Apollo Global Management, Form 10-Q, FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2014". SEC.gov. Retrieved June 19, 2014. 
^ Leon D. Black. Business Week Snapshot
^ Mittelman, Melissa (28 October 2016). "Apollo to Raise New LBO Fund as It Spends More Than Ever Before". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved 1 November 2016. 
^ Deal Maker’s 3-Day Tally: $37 Billion. New York Times, 2006
^ Drexel Divided on Settlement. New York Times, December 17, 1988
^ a b Ex-Drexel Executives Arrange Aid for Fruit of the Loom, August 24, 1990
^ Changes at Drexel Continue. New York Times, March 11, 1989
^ Drexel's Uncertain Future. New York Times, October 15, 1989
^ Bailing Out France's Biggest Bank. New York Times, January 26, 1995
^ Altman, Edward I. "The High Yield Bond Market: A Decade Of Assessment, Comparing 1990 With 2000." NYU Stern School of Business, 2000
^ HYLTON, RICHARD D. Corporate Bond Defaults Up Sharply in '89 New York Times, January 11, 1990.
^ Apollo dissolves Vail Resorts stake Archived 2009-02-25 at the Wayback Machine.. Deseret News (Salt Lake City), Oct 1, 2004
^ Company News; Walter Industries' Bondholders in Accord. New York Times, April 9, 1994
^ Settlement For Walter Industries And Creditors. New York Times, October 21, 1994
^ E-II Revamps Debt Plan To Offset Offer by Icahn. New York Times, May 22, 1993.
^ Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets. New York Times, February 10, 2009
^ European Group Pressing Its Offer for Executive Life, April 13, 1991
^ Executive Life Indictments Brought. Wall Street Journal, December 18, 2003 Archived September 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ He Made Real Estate a Science: William L. Mack, W’61. Wharton School of Business Alumni Magazine, Spring 2007
^ "AREA Property Partners Press Release" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 June 2013. Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ Apollo Real Estate Advisors closes Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII with USD758m. Hedge Week, July 8, 2008
^ a b c d Double trouble. The Deal, July 18, 2008 Archived November 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Leon Black: Wall Street's Dr. No Archived 2009-02-15 at the Wayback Machine.. Business Week, July 29, 1996
^ Levitz Furniture Gets Boost from Financier Leon Black. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, July, 1996
^ Communications Corporation of America Profile. Business Week
^ Yucaipa will stack up hefty debt load if it buys Ralphs. Los Angeles Business Journal, August 22, 1994 Archived October 29, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ HFS-Apollo in Real Estate Brokerage Venture. New York Times, August 13, 1997
^ Pillowtex to Acquire Fieldcrest for $400 Million. New York Times, September 12, 1997
^ Telemundo Plan Backed. New York Times, July 21, 1994
^ Weyerhaeuser Mortgage Company sale closes. Business Wire, May 22, 1997
^ Pegasus Capital Advisors > Craig Cogut Profile Archived 2012-07-30 at the Wayback Machine. (company website). Also: Craig Cogut's Professional Profile (Founder of Pegasus Capital Advisors)[permanent dead link].
^ A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ For a Theater Chain, A Revival May Be Near. New York Times, January 27, 2002
^ Apollo Takes 20% Stake In Berlitz For $100 Million. New York Times, October 8, 1998
^ Apollo Affiliate Is Acquiring Clark's Store Operations. New York Times, May 14, 1999
^ Neptune Orient To Sell North American Train Network. New York Times, March 18, 1999
^ Wyndham Receives $1 Billion From Investor Group. New York Times, July 1, 1999
^ Apollo raising distressed-debt fund[dead link]. The Deal, June 5, 2003
^ a b c Fabrikant, Geraldine. "Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds To Tap the Market." New York Times, April 17, 2004.
^ a b c d e f Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Equity Firm Is Seen Ready to Sell a Stake to Investors." New York Times, April 5, 2007.
^ Samuelson, Robert J. "The Private Equity Boom". The Washington Post, March 15, 2007.
^ a b In Private Equity, the Limits of Apollo’s Power. New York Times, December 7, 2008
^ a b Timmons, Heather. "Opening Private Equity's Door, at Least a Crack, to Public Investors." New York Times, May 4, 2006.
^ a b Apollo equity fund IPO falls short of its target. International Herald Tribune, June 9, 2006
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and De La Merced, Michael J. "Buyout Firm Said to Seek a Private Market Offering." New York Times, July 18, 2007.
^ Apollo chief says sold nine percent of firm to Abu Dhabi. Reuters, November 7, 2007
^ a b c Apollo Global Management, Llc, Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, April 8, 2008
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things." New York Times, April 14, 2008.
^ Forget slowdown, PEs still heading to India. The Economic Times, August 8, 2008
^ a b Bankruptcy Protection for Retailer. New York Times, May 3, 2008
^ Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things. New York Times, April 14, 2008
^ a b An End Run Around Realogy’s Lenders. New York Times, November 27, 2008
^ PIK and Roll: Companies Seize On Perks of Loose Lending . Wall Street Journal, May 19, 2008
^ "Apollo First-Quarter Profit Rises 76% as Holdings Gain". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Apollo Closes Buyout Fund Near $15 Billion Target. Wall Street Journal, January 23, 2009. Most recently, Apollo acquired Cedar Fair L.P. for about $650 million dollars cash. The company had seen profits plummet in the recent recession. Net income dropped more than $45 million from last year, and Cedar Fair was forced to sell. Apollo acquired more than 1.5 billion dollars of debt.
^ Press Releases :: Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Archived 2009-12-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Coastal Business: Charleston Port activity studied". The Sun News. 2009-12-31. Retrieved 2010-01-01. [dead link]
^ "Cedar Fair: Takeover not happening". The Seattle Times. 6 April 2010. Archived from the original on 30 January 2013. Retrieved 19 November 2011. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Private Equity Firms Duel Over Water Park Operator." New York Times DealBook, April 8, 2012.
^ "McGraw-Hill Sells Education Unit to Apollo - WSJ.com". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kosman, Josh. "Leon Black's Apollo Global new owner of Twinkies, other Hostess snack brands". New York Post. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ "Equity firm Apollo buys $419.4m (€307m) of Irish home loans from Lloyds". Irish Independent. 6 December 2013. Retrieved 18 December 2013. 
^ "Chuck E. Cheese sold in near-bn deal - FT.com". Financial Times. 
^ Ankit Ajmera (1 June 2015). "OM Group to be taken private by Apollo Global in $1.03 billion deal". Reuters. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Andrew Callus (7 June 2015). "Apollo wins auction for St-Gobain's Verallia". Reuters. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-02-16). "ADT in $6.9 Billion Deal to Sell Itself to Apollo Buyout Firm". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2017-07-21. 
^ "Apollo Education Group shareholders approve merger agreement". Rueters. 6 May 2016. Retrieved 18 August 2016. 
^ Jarzemsky, Matt; Mattioli, Dana (29 June 2016). "Apollo Global to Buy Diamond Resorts for $2.2 Billion". Retrieved 4 July 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Rackspace to Go Private in $4.3 Billion Deal". 26 August 2016. Retrieved 26 August 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ Business People; Taking Tyco's View. New York Times, February 29, 2004
^ International Alternative Investment Review Archived 2011-06-05 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Amendment No. 8 to Form S-1
^ Greg Roumeliotis (January 9, 2014). "Apollo raises largest PE fund since financial crisis". Reuters. 
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC income statement filing via Wikinvest.
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ Apollo Investment Corporation: Portfolio Companies (company website)
^ Apollo Alternative Assets: Investment Strategy (company website Archived January 29, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Berry Plastics to Be Sold Again. Reuters, June 29, 2006
^ Costume Jewelry Retailer Agrees to a Takeover. New York Times, March 21, 2007
^ Wave of Bankruptcy Filings Expected From Retailers in Wake of Holidays. Wall Street Journal, JANUARY 12, 2009
^ Apollo Sweetens Countrywide PLC Bid. Wall Street Journal, April 13, 2007
^ Dutch Postal Deal. Associated Press, August 24, 2006
^ Citi Is Said to Be Near Deal to Sell $12.5 Billion of Loans. New York Times, April 9, 2008
^ Apollo, GSO Debt Funds Have Faced Margin Call Issues. Wall Street Journal, November 12, 2008
^ Black: Apollo's debt bets were ‘a little early’. Private Equity Online, January 23, 2009
^ Ahmed, Azam (March 13, 2012). "Apollo to Acquire Water Park Operator for $703 Million". The New York Times. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Harrah's Is Said to Be in Talks to Accept $16.7 Billion Buyout." New York Times, December 18, 2006.
^ Manufacturer of Chemicals Agrees to Bid From Apollo. New York Times, July 13, 2007
^ Huntsman Settles With Apollo, New York Times, December 14, 2008
^ a b Jacuzzi Brands Is Going Private. Reuters, October 12, 2006
^ [1]. New York Times, November 26, 2012
^ Apollo Management to buy GE Advanced Materials Business. AltAssets, September 18, 2006 Archived June 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mine Company Sells U.S. Unit. New York Times, April 12, 2007
^ Closes $1 Billion Investment by Apollo. Reuters, January 7, 2008
^ Oceania Cruises sold to new owners. USA Today, February 27, 2007 Archived September 5, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oceania Cruises Closes A Transaction With Apollo Management: Completes $850 Million Strategic Partnership. Oceania Cruises press release, April 30, 2007 Archived December 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Latest Deal in Real Estate for $9 Billion. New York Times, December 18, 2006
^ "Apollo Management, L.P. Completes Acquisition Of Realogy Corporation". Realogy. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2007-06-05. 
^ Icahn Sues Real Estate Company Over Debt. New York Times, December 2, 2008
^ Apollo to buy cruise company Regent Seven Seas Cruises. AltAssets, December 12, 2007 Archived December 2, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Carlyle to sell Rexnord Corporation to Apollo for $1.8bn. AltAssets, May 25, 2006 Archived March 7, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Smart & Final sells to Apollo Management affiliate in $813.9M deal. Los Angeles Business, February 20, 2007
^ Whole Foods Deal. Bloomberg, June 21, 2007
^ Hamstra, Mark (16 February 2011). "Apollo Combines Sprouts, Henry's". Supermarket News. Penton Media, Inc. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Crabtree, Penni (27 February 2011). "Merger of Henry's, Sprouts is latest in Boney family's retail saga". SignOn San Diego. The San Diego Union-Tribune, LLC. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Apollo Management Invests in Buyer of Mortgage Assets. New York Times, May 28, 2008
^ Verso Paper turns a page with IPO; President & CEO Mike Jackson credits a foundation document, focused strategies, and talented employees for company's success. Paper360, Oct, 2008
^ Verso Paper Sets I.P.O. Range. New York Times, April 29, 2008
^ Apollo Global Management to Acquire Management Services Business from Pitney Bowes. Pitney Bowes Inc, July 30, 2013
^ "News & Insights - Document Outsourcing - Novitex" (PDF). Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ "Cotton ornaments, 'Happy Thai Horses' (set of 4)". Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ a b Ares Enhanced Loan Investment Strategy IR, Ltd. Prospectus. September 22, 2008[dead link]
^ a b c Ares Management to Take New Fund Public. Los Angeles Times, April 22, 2004
^ Ares Capital IPO Raises $165 Million. Los Angeles Times, October 06, 2004


External links[edit]


Companies portal


Official website






v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Apollo_Global_Management&oldid=791623716"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangePrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in New York CityCompanies established in 1990Apollo Global ManagementDrexel Burnham LambertMezzanine capital investment firmsCompanies listed on NASDAQHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Apollo Global Management - Wikipedia






















 







Apollo Global Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Apollo Management)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Apollo Global Management, LLC





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: APO


Industry
Asset management


Founded
1990; 27 years ago (1990)


Founder
Leon Black, John Hannan, Josh Harris, Marc Rowan, Craig Cogut, Arthur Bilger, Antony Ressler


Headquarters
Solow Building
New York City, USA



Key people

Leon Black (CEO), Marc Rowan, Josh Harris


Products
Private equity funds, credit funds, real estate funds, alternative Investment, Leveraged buyouts, Growth capital, Venture capital


AUM
 $188.6 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 $22.9 billion (2014)[2]


Website
www.agm.com


Apollo Global Management, LLC is an American private equity firm, founded in 1990 by former Drexel Burnham Lambert banker Leon Black.[3] The firm specializes in leveraged buyout transactions and purchases of distressed securities involving corporate restructuring, special situations, and industry consolidations. Apollo is headquartered in New York City, and also has offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai.
As of August 2016, Apollo managed over US$188.8 billion of investor commitments across its private equity, credit and real estate funds and other investment vehicles making it the second largest US-based alternative asset management firm.[4] Among the most notable companies currently owned by Apollo are Claire's, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Novitex Enterprise Solutions, and Rackspace.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1990s
1.2 2000-2005
1.3 2005-2010
1.4 2010-2016


2 Operations
3 Investment vehicles

3.1 Private equity funds
3.2 Apollo Investment Corporation
3.3 AP Alternative Assets


4 Portfolio investments
5 Affiliated businesses

5.1 Lion Advisors
5.2 Ares Management


6 References
7 External links



History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Apollo, originally referred to as Apollo Advisors, was founded in 1990, on the heels of the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert in February 1990. It was founded by Leon Black, the former head of Drexel's mergers and acquisitions department, along with other Drexel alumni.[6] Among the most notable founders are John Hannan, Drexel's former co-director of international finance; Craig Cogut, a lawyer who worked with Drexel's high-yield division in Los Angeles; and Arthur Bilger, the former head of the corporate finance department. Other founding partners included Marc Rowan, Josh Harris and Michael Gross, who both worked under Black in the mergers and acquisitions department, and Antony Ressler, who worked as a senior vice president in Drexel's high yield department with responsibility for the new issue/syndicate desk.[7][8][9]
Less than six months after the collapse of Drexel, the founders of Apollo had already begun a series of ventures. Apollo Investment Fund L.P., the first of their private equity investment funds, was formed to make investments in distressed companies. Apollo's first fund raised approximately $400 million of investor commitments on the strength of Black's reputation as a prominent lieutenant of Michael Milken and key player in the buyout boom of the 1980s.[7] Lion Advisors was set up to provide investment services to Credit Lyonnais, which was seeking to profit from depressed prices in the high yield market.[10]
1990s[edit]
At the time of Apollo's founding, financing for new leveraged buyouts was minimal and Apollo turned instead to a strategy of distressed-to-control takeovers.[11][12] Apollo would purchase distressed securities which could be converted into a controlling interest in the equity of the company through a bankruptcy reorganization or other restructuring. Apollo used distressed debt as an entry point, enabling the firm to invest in such firms as Vail Resorts,[13] Walter Industries,[14][15] Culligan and Samsonite.[16]
Early on, Apollo made a name for itself by acquiring interests in companies that Drexel had helped finance by purchasing high-yield bonds from failed savings and loans and insurance companies. Apollo acquired several large portfolios of assets from the U.S. government's Resolution Trust Corporation.[17] One of Apollo's earliest and most successful deals involved the acquisition of Executive Life Insurance Company's bond portfolio. Using this vehicle, Apollo would purchase the Executive Life portfolio, generating tremendous profits when the value of high yield bonds recovered, but also resulting in a variety of state regulatory issues for Apollo and Credit Lyonnais over the purchase.[18] More than a decade after the purchase, in 2002, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer accused Apollo, Leon Black, and an investor group led by French bank Credit Lyonnais, of illegally acquiring the assets and bond portfolio of Executive Life Insurance Co. in 1991. According to the State of California, Lion allegedly violated a California law that prohibited foreign government-owned banks from owning California insurance companies.[19]




AREA Property Partners logo


In 1993, Apollo Real Estate Advisers was founded in collaboration with William Mack to seek opportunities in the U.S. property markets.[20] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. In 2000, Apollo exited the partnership, which continued to operate as Apollo Real Estate Advisers until changing its name to AREA Property Partners, effective January 15, 2009. That firm is owned and controlled by its remaining principals, who include William Mack, Lee Neibart, William Benjamin, John Jacobsson, Stuart Koenig and Richard Mack.[21] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. As of 2008, the firm was investing out of three funds: Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund V, Apollo European Real Estate Fund II and Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII. In 2004, Apollo Real Estate acquired the Value Enhancement Funds family of investment vehicles to broaden its offerings in the "value-added" segment of the real estate investment spectrum. Apollo also operates a real estate mezzanine lending program and real estate securities hedge fund called Claros Real Estate Securities Fund, L.P.[22]
In 1995, Apollo raised its third private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund III with $1.5 billion of investor commitments from investors that included CalPERS and the General Motors pension fund.[23][24] Unlike its first two funds and later funds, Fund III would ultimately prove only an average performer for private equity funds of its vintage. Among the investments made in Fund III (invested through 1998) were: Alliance Imaging, Allied Waste Industries, Breuners Home Furnishings, Levitz Furniture,[25] Communications Corporation of America,[26] Dominick's, Ralphs (acquired Apollo's Food-4-Less),[27] Move.com, NRT Incorporated,[28] Pillowtex Corporation,[29] Telemundo[30] and WMC Mortgage Corporation.[31]




Apollo invested in AMC in 2001 and would buy out the company in 2004


Also in 1995, Apollo founding partner Craig Cogut left the firm to found a smaller competitor Pegasus Capital Advisors. Since inception Pegasus has raised $1.8 billion in four private equity funds focused on investments in middle-market companies in financial distress. In 1997, Apollo co-founder Tony Ressler founded Ares Management as the successor to its Lion Advisors business which would manage collateralized debt obligation vehicles.[32]
In 1998, Apollo raised its fourth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund IV, with $3.6 billion of investor commitments.[23] Among the investments made in Fund IV (invested through 2001) were: Allied Waste Industries,[33] AMC Entertainment,[34] Berlitz International,[35] Clark Retail Enterprises,[36] Corporate Express (Buhrmann), Encompass Services Corporation, National Financial Partners, Pacer International,[37] Rent-A-Center, Resolution Performance Products, Resolution Specialty Materials, Sirius Satellite Radio, SkyTerra Communications, United Rentals and Wyndham Worldwide.[38]
2000-2005[edit]




Apollo's headquarters in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street in New York City, formerly occupied by Tyco


Apollo deployed its fourth fund during the booming markets of the late 1990s, only to experience difficulties with the collapse of the Internet bubble and the onset of the recession. Amid the turmoil of collapsing markets, Apollo was able to raise its fifth private equity fund in 2001, Apollo Investment Fund V, with $3.7 billion of investor commitments, roughly the same amount raised as for its previous fund.[23] Among the investments made in Fund V (invested through 2006) were Affinion Group, AMC Entertainment, Berry Plastics, Cablecom, Compass Minerals, General Nutrition Centers (GNC), Goodman Global, Hexion Specialty Chemicals (Borden), Intelsat, Linens ‘n Things, Metals USA, Nalco Investment Holdings, Sourcecorp, Spectrasite Communications, and Unity Media.
Meanwhile, Ares continued to grow through the late 1990s, and profited significantly from investments made after the collapse of the high yield market in 2000 and 2001. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spin out with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. By 2002, when Ares raised its first corporate opportunities fund, the firm announced that it was more formally separating itself from its former parent company. The timing of this separation also coincided with Apollo's legal difficulties with the State of California over its purchase of Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.
Following the spin-off of Ares in 2002, Apollo developed two new affiliates to continue its investment activities in the capital markets. The first of these new affiliates, founded in 2003, was Apollo Distressed Investment Fund (DIF) Management a credit opportunity investment vehicle.[39] The following year, in April 2004, Apollo raised $930 million through an initial public offering (IPO) for a listed business development company, Apollo Investment Corporation (NASDAQ: AINV)). Apollo Investment Corporation was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]

2005-2010[edit]




Caesars Palace, acquired as part of Apollo's LBO of Harrah's Entertainment


The 2005 - 2007 period marked a boom period in private equity with new "largest buyout" records set and surpassed several times in an 18-month window from the beginning of 2006 through the middle of 2007.[42] Apollo was among the most active investors in leveraged buyout transactions during this period. Although Apollo was involved in a number of notable and large buyouts, the firm largely avoided the very largest transactions of this period. Among Apollo's most notable investments during this period included Harrah's Entertainment, a leading US gaming and casino company; Norwegian Cruise Line, the cruise line operator; Claire's Stores, the retailer of costume jewelry; and Realogy, the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby's International Realty.[43]
In August 2006, Apollo launched a $2 billion publicly traded private equity vehicle in Europe, AP Alternative Assets (ENXTAM:AAA).[41] The IPO of this new vehicle followed in the footsteps of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, which raised $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[44] Apollo initially attempted to raise $2.5 billion for the public vehicle, but fell short when it offered the shares in June, raising only $1.5 billion. Apollo raised an additional $500 million via private placements in the weeks following that sale.[45]
As the private equity industry expanded through 2006 and 2007, several of the largest private equity firms, most notably The Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, announced plans to realize value from their firms through the sale of shares in the public equity markets. Apollo Management chose a slightly different path, by completing a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR.[41][46] In November 2007, Apollo was able to realize additional value from the sale of a 9% ownership interest in its management company to the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA).[47] Ultimately, in April 2008, Apollo would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)[48] to permit some holders of its privately traded stock to sell their shares on the New York Stock Exchange and in March 2011, Apollo completed its initial public offering (NYSE: APO).[49] In 2008, the firm opened an office in India, marking their first push into Asia.[50]




Apollo lost its investment in retailer Linens 'n Things with the company's 2008 bankruptcy[51]


As the deterioration of the financial markets worsened into 2008, Apollo saw several of its investments come under pressure. Apollo's 2005 investment in the struggling US retailer, Linens 'n Things suffered from a significant debt burden and softening consumer demand. In May 2008, Linens was forced to file for bankruptcy protection, one of several high-profile retail bankruptcies in 2008, costing Apollo all of its $365 million investment in the company.[51][52] At the same time, Apollo's investment in Claire's, Realogy and Harrah's Entertainment came under pressure.[43] Apollo would respond actively to its investment difficulties seeking to exchange a portion of the existing debt at Harrah's and Realogy to more favorable securities.[53] At Claire's, Apollo exercised its "PIK toggle" option to shut off cash interest payments to its bondholders and issue more debt instead, in order to provide the company with additional financial flexibility.[54]
In December 2008, Apollo completed fundraising for its latest fund, Apollo Investment Fund VII with approximately $14.7 billion of investor commitments.[55] Apollo had been targeting $15 billion, but had been in fundraising for more than 16 months, with the bulk of the capital raised in 2007.[56]
In December 2009, it was announced that Apollo would acquire Cedar Fair Entertainment Company shares and the company would be become private underneath the management group.[57] The deal includes a cash payment of $635 million and assumed debt which gives the transaction a value of $2.4 billion.[58] It was later announced in April 2010 that the deal was pulled due to poor shareholder response.[59]
2010-2016[edit]
In March 2012 it made a second attempt to acquire an amusement park operator with a $225.7 million offer for Great Wolf Resorts.[60]
In November 2012, The McGraw-Hill Companies sold their education division ("McGraw-Hill Education") to Apollo Global Management, in a deal totaling $2.5 billion.[61]
On 11 March 2013, Apollo Global Management made the only bid for the snacks business of Hostess Brands, including Twinkies, for $410 million.[62]

In December 2013, Apollo bought a portfolio of Irish home loans from Lloyds Bank for €307m, less than half their nominal £610m (€367m) value.[clarification needed] The shares were bought by an Apollo Global Management subsidiary, Tanager Limited. The portfolio made a £33m loss last year.[63]
In January 2014, Apollo bought CEC Entertainment, the parent company of Chuck E. Cheese's, for about $1 billion.[64]
In June 2015, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer of around $1.03 billion in cash to privatise OM Group.[65] Also that month, Apollo won the bidding during an auction for Saint-Gobain’s Verallia glass bottle manufacturing unit for a rumoured fee of around 2.95 billion.[66]
In February 2016, ADT Corporation agreed to be acquired by Apollo Global Management.[67]
In May 2016, Apollo Education Group[68] shareholders approved a merger with Apollo Global Management.
In June 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Diamond Resorts International.[69]
In August 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Rackspace.[70]
Operations[edit]
Apollo is operated by its managing partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan and a team of more than 250 investment professionals, as of March 31, 2013. The firm's headquarters are located in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street[71] in New York City, and the firm operates additional offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai[48]
Apollo’s executive committee includes: Leon Black, chairman and chief executive officer; Josh Harris, senior managing director; Marc Rowan, senior managing director; and Marc Spilker who was hired as President in November 2010.[72]
Apollo operates three business lines in an integrated manner:

Private equity—The private equity business is the cornerstone of Apollo's investment activities. Apollo invests through a variety of private equity strategies, most notably leveraged buyouts and distressed buyouts and debt investments. This business operates primarily through the firm's family of private equity investment funds (See: Investment funds)[48]
Credit—Apollo invests through a variety of credit strategies to complement its core private equity business. Apollo invests through a variety of investment vehicles including mezzanine funds, hedge funds, European non-performing loan funds and senior credit opportunity funds.[73]
Real Estate—Apollo Global Real Estate (AGRE) was established in 2008 to build upon Apollo's history of investing in real estate-related sectors such as hotels and lodging, leisure and logistics. AGRE manages a number of debt and equity-oriented real estate investment funds.[73]

Investment vehicles[edit]
Private equity funds[edit]
Apollo has historically relied primarily on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, family offices, sovereign wealth funds and other institutional investors. Since 2014, Apollo has begun investing its eighth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, which raised approximately $18 billion of investor commitments, making it the largest private equity fund raised since the financial crisis.[74] Since inception in 1990, Apollo has raised a total of eight private equity funds, including:[23]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($m)


Apollo Investment Fund VIII
2014
$18,400


Apollo Investment Fund VII[56]
2008
$14,700


Apollo Investment Fund VI
2005
$10,200


Apollo Investment Fund V
2001
$3,700


Apollo Investment Fund IV
1998
$3,600


Apollo Investment Fund III
1995
$1,500


Apollo Investment Fund II
1992
$500


Apollo Investment Fund I
1990
$400


Apollo Investment Corporation[edit]






Type

Public company (NASDAQ: AINV)


Founded
2004


Revenue
US$404M (FY 2010)[75]



Net income

US$263M (FY 2010)[75]


Total assets
US$3.47B (FY 2010)[76]


Total equity
US$1.77B (FY 2010)[76]


Website
www.apolloic.com


Apollo Investment Corporation is a US-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end fund and an affiliate of Apollo. AIC was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]
AIC is structured as a business development company, a type of publicly traded private equity vehicle that is designed to generate interest income and long term capital appreciation. AIC historically has not invested in companies controlled by Apollo's private equity funds.[77]
AP Alternative Assets[edit]






Type

Public company (Euronext: AAA)


Founded
2004


Website
www.apolloalternativeassets.com


AP Alternative Assets (Euronext: AAA) is a Guernsey-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end limited partnership, managed by Apollo Alternative Assets, an affiliate of Apollo Management. AAA was formed to invest alongside Apollo's main private equity funds and hedge funds.[40][41]
AAA was launched in August 2006, shortly after Kohlberg Kravis Roberts completed an initial public offering for its $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[41][44] Apollo raised a total of $2 billion for AAA including the vehicle's $1.5 billion IPO and a subsequent private placement.[45]
AAA's investment portfolio is made up of a mix of private equity and capital markets investments:[78]
Portfolio investments[edit]
Apollo has been an active private equity investor through the mid-2000s buyout boom. The following is a list of Apollo's most recent and currently active private equity investments. The bulk of these investments are held in Apollo Investment Fund V, VI and VII.


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


Berry Plastics
2006
In June 2006, Apollo and Graham Partners announced the acquisition of Berry Plastics Corporation, a maker of plastic containers, for $2.25 billion from Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and JPMorgan Partners.
[79]


Claire's
2007
In March 2007, Apollo announced the $3.1 billion leveraged buyout of costume jewelry retailer, Claire’s Stores. In 2008, Claire's experienced financial difficulty amid the slump in consumer spending.
[80][81]


Countrywide plc
2007
In May 2007, Apollo acquired Countrywide plc, the leading provider of residential property related services in the UK, formerly known as Hambro Countrywide (1988) and Countrywide Assured Group (1998) for $1.05 billion (not related to Countrywide Financial).
[82]


CEVA Logistics
2006
In August 2006, TNT N.V. announced that it had agreed to the sale of its logistics division to Apollo for $1.9 billion. The business was re-branded as CEVA in November 2007.
[83]


Debt investments
2008-2009
Since the beginning of 2008, Apollo has been a significant acquiror of senior secured loans from investment banks and other financial institutions. In April 2008, Apollo, TPG Capital and The Blackstone Group completed the acquisition of $12.5 billion of bank loans from Citigroup. The portfolio comprised primarily senior secured leveraged loans that had been made to finance leveraged buyout transactions at the peak of the market. Citigroup had been unable to syndicate the loans before the onset of the credit crunch. The loans were reported to have been sold in the "mid-80 cents on the dollar" relative to face value. In late 2008, it was reported that Apollo had received margin calls associated with the financing of its purchase of certain loan portfolios as the price of the loans decreased.
[84][85][86]


Great Wolf Resorts
2012
In March 2012 Apollo announced plans to acquire the resorts chain for $703 million. Reports indicated the chain had not turned a profit since 2008.
[87]


Harrah's Entertainment
2006
On December 19, 2006, Apollo and TPG Capital announced an agreement to acquire the gaming company for $27.4 billion, including the assumption of existing debt.
[88]


Hexion Specialty Chemicals
2005
Hexion was formed in 2005 through the merger of Borden Chemical, Inc., Resolution Performance Products LLC, and Resolution Specialty Materials LLC, and the acquisition of Bakelite AG. Hexion announced in July 2007 that it was acquiring Huntsman Corporation, a major specialty chemicals company, in a $6.5 billion leveraged buyout. Hexion announced in June 2008 it would refuse to close the deal, prompting a series of legal actions. The transaction was officially terminated on December 14 after a settlement between Hexion and Huntsman, wherein they were required to pay Huntsman $1 billion to drop fraud charges that would have potentially sent the CEO of Apollo to prison.
[89][90]


Jacuzzi Brands
2006
In October 2006, Apollo announced a $990 million leveraged buyout of Jacuzzi Brands, the manufacturer of whirlpool baths.
[91]


McGraw-Hill Education
2012
In November 2012, McGraw Hill announced that it had agreed to the sale of its education division to Apollo for $2.5 billion.
[92]


Momentive Performance Materials
2006
In June 2006, Apollo acquired General Electric's Advanced Materials (Silicones & Quartz) business in a deal valued at approximately $3.8 billion.
[93]


Noranda Aluminum
2007
In April 2007, Apollo acquired the US aluminum business of the mining company Xstrata for $1.15 billion. The aluminum business, Noranda Aluminum, includes a primary smelter and three rolling mills in Tennessee, North Carolina and Arkansas along with other operations.
[94]


Norwegian Cruise Line
2008
In January 2008, Apollo completed a $1 billion investment in the cruise line operator to support a recapitalization of the company's balance sheet.
[95]


Oceania Cruises
2007
In February, 2007, Apollo acquired the luxury cruise line and provided additional capital to fund the expansion of the company with the purchase of two new cruise ships.
[96][97]


Realogy:

Coldwell Banker
Sotheby's International Realty
Century 21 Real Estate


2006
In December 2006, Apollo announced an $8.5 billion buyout of the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby’s International Realty. The transaction closed in April 2007 and was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange. As the housing market crash accelerated in 2008, Realogy faced financial pressures relating to its debt load. In November 2008, Realogy launched an exchange offer for a portion of its debt to provide additional flexibility, prompting a lawsuit from Carl Icahn.
[53][98][99][100]


Regent Seven Seas Cruises
2008
In February 2008, Apollo purchased the luxury cruise line from Carlson Companies for $1 billion. Following the purchase, Apollo made public their plans to order a new ship for Regent.
[101]


Rexnord Corporation
2006
In May 2006, Apollo announced the acquisition of the manufacturer of precision motion technology products, primarily focused on power transmission, from private equity firm The Carlyle Group for $1.825 billion.
[91][102]


Smart & Final

Henry's Marketplace
Sprouts Farmers Market


2007
In February 2007, Apollo announced the acquisition of the Smart & Final chain of warehouse style food and supply stores. In June 2007, Smart & Final completed the acquisition of the Henry's Marketplace chain of "farmers market" style food retailers from Wild Oats Markets as part of that company's acquisition by Whole Foods Market. In 2011, the Henry's chain was merged with Sprouts Farmers Market, which, like the Henry's markets, had been founded by Henry Boney.
[103][104]
[105] [106]



Vantium Management
2008
In May 2008, Apollo invested in Vantium, a company that buys residential mortgage assets as part of a strategy to profit from the housing market crash.
[107]


Verso Paper
2006
In 2006, Apollo acquired International Paper's coated and supercalendered paper business for $1.4 billion, renaming the business, Verso Paper. Verso has been the second largest producer for the North American magazine publishing and catalog/commercial print markets. In May 2008, Verso was able to complete an initial public offering of stock.
[108][109]


Novitex Enterprise Solutions
2013
In 2013, Apollo acquired Pitney Bowes Management Services (PBMS) for $400 million. From PBMS, Apollo formed Novitex Enterprise Solutions. Novitex is a document outsourcing provider that manages business-critical services for over 500 companies across ten industries. Many of its clients are Fortune 500 companies.
[110][111]


Thai Ornament Resorts
2016
In January 2016, Apollo and Pool Trust announced the acquisition of Thai Ornament Resorts, an upscale destination resort developing firm, for $75.8 million from Tri-Cities Partnership and The Pool Trust.[112]


Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media GMBH.
Affiliated businesses[edit]
From its inception, Apollo built as part of a network of affiliated businesses focusing on private equity and a variety of distressed investment strategies.
Lion Advisors[edit]
Lion Advisors (or Lion Capital), which was founded at the same time as Apollo in 1990, focused on investment management and consulting services to foreign institutional accounts targeting investments in public and private high yield debt securities in the US. In 1992, Lion entered into a more formal arrangement to manage the $3 billion high-yield portfolio for Credit Lyonnais which together with a consortium of other international investors provided the capital for Lion's investment activities. The Lion business would ultimately be replaced by Ares Management.[113]
Ares Management[edit]
Main article: Ares Management






Type

Public


Founded
1997, 2002 (independent)


Website
www.aresmgmt.com


Ares Management, founded in 1997, was initially established to manage a $1.2 billion market value collateralized debt obligation vehicle. Ares would grow to manage a family of collateralized loan obligation (CLO) vehicles that would invest in capital markets-based securities including senior bank loans and high-yield and mezzanine debt. Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal, who joined the group from the global leveraged finance group at Merrill Lynch.[114]
Ares I and II which were raised were structured as market value CLOs. Ares III though Ares X were structured as cash flow CLOs. In 2002, Ares completed a spinout from Apollo management. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spinout with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. Shortly thereafter, Ares completed fundraising for Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund, a special situations investment fund with $750 million of capital under management.[113][114]
In 2004, Ares debuted a publicly traded business development company, Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC).[115] In 2006, Ares raised a $2.1 billion successor special situations fund (Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund II).[114]
References[edit]


^ http://ir.agm.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=214560&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2217067
^ "Apollo Global Management, Form 10-Q, FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2014". SEC.gov. Retrieved June 19, 2014. 
^ Leon D. Black. Business Week Snapshot
^ Mittelman, Melissa (28 October 2016). "Apollo to Raise New LBO Fund as It Spends More Than Ever Before". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved 1 November 2016. 
^ Deal Maker’s 3-Day Tally: $37 Billion. New York Times, 2006
^ Drexel Divided on Settlement. New York Times, December 17, 1988
^ a b Ex-Drexel Executives Arrange Aid for Fruit of the Loom, August 24, 1990
^ Changes at Drexel Continue. New York Times, March 11, 1989
^ Drexel's Uncertain Future. New York Times, October 15, 1989
^ Bailing Out France's Biggest Bank. New York Times, January 26, 1995
^ Altman, Edward I. "The High Yield Bond Market: A Decade Of Assessment, Comparing 1990 With 2000." NYU Stern School of Business, 2000
^ HYLTON, RICHARD D. Corporate Bond Defaults Up Sharply in '89 New York Times, January 11, 1990.
^ Apollo dissolves Vail Resorts stake Archived 2009-02-25 at the Wayback Machine.. Deseret News (Salt Lake City), Oct 1, 2004
^ Company News; Walter Industries' Bondholders in Accord. New York Times, April 9, 1994
^ Settlement For Walter Industries And Creditors. New York Times, October 21, 1994
^ E-II Revamps Debt Plan To Offset Offer by Icahn. New York Times, May 22, 1993.
^ Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets. New York Times, February 10, 2009
^ European Group Pressing Its Offer for Executive Life, April 13, 1991
^ Executive Life Indictments Brought. Wall Street Journal, December 18, 2003 Archived September 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ He Made Real Estate a Science: William L. Mack, W’61. Wharton School of Business Alumni Magazine, Spring 2007
^ "AREA Property Partners Press Release" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 June 2013. Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ Apollo Real Estate Advisors closes Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII with USD758m. Hedge Week, July 8, 2008
^ a b c d Double trouble. The Deal, July 18, 2008 Archived November 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Leon Black: Wall Street's Dr. No Archived 2009-02-15 at the Wayback Machine.. Business Week, July 29, 1996
^ Levitz Furniture Gets Boost from Financier Leon Black. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, July, 1996
^ Communications Corporation of America Profile. Business Week
^ Yucaipa will stack up hefty debt load if it buys Ralphs. Los Angeles Business Journal, August 22, 1994 Archived October 29, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ HFS-Apollo in Real Estate Brokerage Venture. New York Times, August 13, 1997
^ Pillowtex to Acquire Fieldcrest for $400 Million. New York Times, September 12, 1997
^ Telemundo Plan Backed. New York Times, July 21, 1994
^ Weyerhaeuser Mortgage Company sale closes. Business Wire, May 22, 1997
^ Pegasus Capital Advisors > Craig Cogut Profile Archived 2012-07-30 at the Wayback Machine. (company website). Also: Craig Cogut's Professional Profile (Founder of Pegasus Capital Advisors)[permanent dead link].
^ A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ For a Theater Chain, A Revival May Be Near. New York Times, January 27, 2002
^ Apollo Takes 20% Stake In Berlitz For $100 Million. New York Times, October 8, 1998
^ Apollo Affiliate Is Acquiring Clark's Store Operations. New York Times, May 14, 1999
^ Neptune Orient To Sell North American Train Network. New York Times, March 18, 1999
^ Wyndham Receives $1 Billion From Investor Group. New York Times, July 1, 1999
^ Apollo raising distressed-debt fund[dead link]. The Deal, June 5, 2003
^ a b c Fabrikant, Geraldine. "Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds To Tap the Market." New York Times, April 17, 2004.
^ a b c d e f Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Equity Firm Is Seen Ready to Sell a Stake to Investors." New York Times, April 5, 2007.
^ Samuelson, Robert J. "The Private Equity Boom". The Washington Post, March 15, 2007.
^ a b In Private Equity, the Limits of Apollo’s Power. New York Times, December 7, 2008
^ a b Timmons, Heather. "Opening Private Equity's Door, at Least a Crack, to Public Investors." New York Times, May 4, 2006.
^ a b Apollo equity fund IPO falls short of its target. International Herald Tribune, June 9, 2006
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and De La Merced, Michael J. "Buyout Firm Said to Seek a Private Market Offering." New York Times, July 18, 2007.
^ Apollo chief says sold nine percent of firm to Abu Dhabi. Reuters, November 7, 2007
^ a b c Apollo Global Management, Llc, Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, April 8, 2008
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things." New York Times, April 14, 2008.
^ Forget slowdown, PEs still heading to India. The Economic Times, August 8, 2008
^ a b Bankruptcy Protection for Retailer. New York Times, May 3, 2008
^ Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things. New York Times, April 14, 2008
^ a b An End Run Around Realogy’s Lenders. New York Times, November 27, 2008
^ PIK and Roll: Companies Seize On Perks of Loose Lending . Wall Street Journal, May 19, 2008
^ "Apollo First-Quarter Profit Rises 76% as Holdings Gain". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Apollo Closes Buyout Fund Near $15 Billion Target. Wall Street Journal, January 23, 2009. Most recently, Apollo acquired Cedar Fair L.P. for about $650 million dollars cash. The company had seen profits plummet in the recent recession. Net income dropped more than $45 million from last year, and Cedar Fair was forced to sell. Apollo acquired more than 1.5 billion dollars of debt.
^ Press Releases :: Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Archived 2009-12-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Coastal Business: Charleston Port activity studied". The Sun News. 2009-12-31. Retrieved 2010-01-01. [dead link]
^ "Cedar Fair: Takeover not happening". The Seattle Times. 6 April 2010. Archived from the original on 30 January 2013. Retrieved 19 November 2011. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Private Equity Firms Duel Over Water Park Operator." New York Times DealBook, April 8, 2012.
^ "McGraw-Hill Sells Education Unit to Apollo - WSJ.com". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kosman, Josh. "Leon Black's Apollo Global new owner of Twinkies, other Hostess snack brands". New York Post. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ "Equity firm Apollo buys $419.4m (€307m) of Irish home loans from Lloyds". Irish Independent. 6 December 2013. Retrieved 18 December 2013. 
^ "Chuck E. Cheese sold in near-bn deal - FT.com". Financial Times. 
^ Ankit Ajmera (1 June 2015). "OM Group to be taken private by Apollo Global in $1.03 billion deal". Reuters. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Andrew Callus (7 June 2015). "Apollo wins auction for St-Gobain's Verallia". Reuters. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-02-16). "ADT in $6.9 Billion Deal to Sell Itself to Apollo Buyout Firm". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2017-07-21. 
^ "Apollo Education Group shareholders approve merger agreement". Rueters. 6 May 2016. Retrieved 18 August 2016. 
^ Jarzemsky, Matt; Mattioli, Dana (29 June 2016). "Apollo Global to Buy Diamond Resorts for $2.2 Billion". Retrieved 4 July 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Rackspace to Go Private in $4.3 Billion Deal". 26 August 2016. Retrieved 26 August 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ Business People; Taking Tyco's View. New York Times, February 29, 2004
^ International Alternative Investment Review Archived 2011-06-05 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Amendment No. 8 to Form S-1
^ Greg Roumeliotis (January 9, 2014). "Apollo raises largest PE fund since financial crisis". Reuters. 
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC income statement filing via Wikinvest.
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ Apollo Investment Corporation: Portfolio Companies (company website)
^ Apollo Alternative Assets: Investment Strategy (company website Archived January 29, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Berry Plastics to Be Sold Again. Reuters, June 29, 2006
^ Costume Jewelry Retailer Agrees to a Takeover. New York Times, March 21, 2007
^ Wave of Bankruptcy Filings Expected From Retailers in Wake of Holidays. Wall Street Journal, JANUARY 12, 2009
^ Apollo Sweetens Countrywide PLC Bid. Wall Street Journal, April 13, 2007
^ Dutch Postal Deal. Associated Press, August 24, 2006
^ Citi Is Said to Be Near Deal to Sell $12.5 Billion of Loans. New York Times, April 9, 2008
^ Apollo, GSO Debt Funds Have Faced Margin Call Issues. Wall Street Journal, November 12, 2008
^ Black: Apollo's debt bets were ‘a little early’. Private Equity Online, January 23, 2009
^ Ahmed, Azam (March 13, 2012). "Apollo to Acquire Water Park Operator for $703 Million". The New York Times. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Harrah's Is Said to Be in Talks to Accept $16.7 Billion Buyout." New York Times, December 18, 2006.
^ Manufacturer of Chemicals Agrees to Bid From Apollo. New York Times, July 13, 2007
^ Huntsman Settles With Apollo, New York Times, December 14, 2008
^ a b Jacuzzi Brands Is Going Private. Reuters, October 12, 2006
^ [1]. New York Times, November 26, 2012
^ Apollo Management to buy GE Advanced Materials Business. AltAssets, September 18, 2006 Archived June 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mine Company Sells U.S. Unit. New York Times, April 12, 2007
^ Closes $1 Billion Investment by Apollo. Reuters, January 7, 2008
^ Oceania Cruises sold to new owners. USA Today, February 27, 2007 Archived September 5, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oceania Cruises Closes A Transaction With Apollo Management: Completes $850 Million Strategic Partnership. Oceania Cruises press release, April 30, 2007 Archived December 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Latest Deal in Real Estate for $9 Billion. New York Times, December 18, 2006
^ "Apollo Management, L.P. Completes Acquisition Of Realogy Corporation". Realogy. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2007-06-05. 
^ Icahn Sues Real Estate Company Over Debt. New York Times, December 2, 2008
^ Apollo to buy cruise company Regent Seven Seas Cruises. AltAssets, December 12, 2007 Archived December 2, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Carlyle to sell Rexnord Corporation to Apollo for $1.8bn. AltAssets, May 25, 2006 Archived March 7, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Smart & Final sells to Apollo Management affiliate in $813.9M deal. Los Angeles Business, February 20, 2007
^ Whole Foods Deal. Bloomberg, June 21, 2007
^ Hamstra, Mark (16 February 2011). "Apollo Combines Sprouts, Henry's". Supermarket News. Penton Media, Inc. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Crabtree, Penni (27 February 2011). "Merger of Henry's, Sprouts is latest in Boney family's retail saga". SignOn San Diego. The San Diego Union-Tribune, LLC. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Apollo Management Invests in Buyer of Mortgage Assets. New York Times, May 28, 2008
^ Verso Paper turns a page with IPO; President & CEO Mike Jackson credits a foundation document, focused strategies, and talented employees for company's success. Paper360, Oct, 2008
^ Verso Paper Sets I.P.O. Range. New York Times, April 29, 2008
^ Apollo Global Management to Acquire Management Services Business from Pitney Bowes. Pitney Bowes Inc, July 30, 2013
^ "News & Insights - Document Outsourcing - Novitex" (PDF). Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ "Cotton ornaments, 'Happy Thai Horses' (set of 4)". Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ a b Ares Enhanced Loan Investment Strategy IR, Ltd. Prospectus. September 22, 2008[dead link]
^ a b c Ares Management to Take New Fund Public. Los Angeles Times, April 22, 2004
^ Ares Capital IPO Raises $165 Million. Los Angeles Times, October 06, 2004


External links[edit]


Companies portal


Official website






v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Apollo_Global_Management&oldid=791623716"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangePrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in New York CityCompanies established in 1990Apollo Global ManagementDrexel Burnham LambertMezzanine capital investment firmsCompanies listed on NASDAQHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Apollo Global Management - Wikipedia






















 







Apollo Global Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Apollo Management)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Apollo Global Management, LLC





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: APO


Industry
Asset management


Founded
1990; 27 years ago (1990)


Founder
Leon Black, John Hannan, Josh Harris, Marc Rowan, Craig Cogut, Arthur Bilger, Antony Ressler


Headquarters
Solow Building
New York City, USA



Key people

Leon Black (CEO), Marc Rowan, Josh Harris


Products
Private equity funds, credit funds, real estate funds, alternative Investment, Leveraged buyouts, Growth capital, Venture capital


AUM
 $188.6 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 $22.9 billion (2014)[2]


Website
www.agm.com


Apollo Global Management, LLC is an American private equity firm, founded in 1990 by former Drexel Burnham Lambert banker Leon Black.[3] The firm specializes in leveraged buyout transactions and purchases of distressed securities involving corporate restructuring, special situations, and industry consolidations. Apollo is headquartered in New York City, and also has offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai.
As of August 2016, Apollo managed over US$188.8 billion of investor commitments across its private equity, credit and real estate funds and other investment vehicles making it the second largest US-based alternative asset management firm.[4] Among the most notable companies currently owned by Apollo are Claire's, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Novitex Enterprise Solutions, and Rackspace.[5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1990s
1.2 2000-2005
1.3 2005-2010
1.4 2010-2016


2 Operations
3 Investment vehicles

3.1 Private equity funds
3.2 Apollo Investment Corporation
3.3 AP Alternative Assets


4 Portfolio investments
5 Affiliated businesses

5.1 Lion Advisors
5.2 Ares Management


6 References
7 External links



History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Apollo, originally referred to as Apollo Advisors, was founded in 1990, on the heels of the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert in February 1990. It was founded by Leon Black, the former head of Drexel's mergers and acquisitions department, along with other Drexel alumni.[6] Among the most notable founders are John Hannan, Drexel's former co-director of international finance; Craig Cogut, a lawyer who worked with Drexel's high-yield division in Los Angeles; and Arthur Bilger, the former head of the corporate finance department. Other founding partners included Marc Rowan, Josh Harris and Michael Gross, who both worked under Black in the mergers and acquisitions department, and Antony Ressler, who worked as a senior vice president in Drexel's high yield department with responsibility for the new issue/syndicate desk.[7][8][9]
Less than six months after the collapse of Drexel, the founders of Apollo had already begun a series of ventures. Apollo Investment Fund L.P., the first of their private equity investment funds, was formed to make investments in distressed companies. Apollo's first fund raised approximately $400 million of investor commitments on the strength of Black's reputation as a prominent lieutenant of Michael Milken and key player in the buyout boom of the 1980s.[7] Lion Advisors was set up to provide investment services to Credit Lyonnais, which was seeking to profit from depressed prices in the high yield market.[10]
1990s[edit]
At the time of Apollo's founding, financing for new leveraged buyouts was minimal and Apollo turned instead to a strategy of distressed-to-control takeovers.[11][12] Apollo would purchase distressed securities which could be converted into a controlling interest in the equity of the company through a bankruptcy reorganization or other restructuring. Apollo used distressed debt as an entry point, enabling the firm to invest in such firms as Vail Resorts,[13] Walter Industries,[14][15] Culligan and Samsonite.[16]
Early on, Apollo made a name for itself by acquiring interests in companies that Drexel had helped finance by purchasing high-yield bonds from failed savings and loans and insurance companies. Apollo acquired several large portfolios of assets from the U.S. government's Resolution Trust Corporation.[17] One of Apollo's earliest and most successful deals involved the acquisition of Executive Life Insurance Company's bond portfolio. Using this vehicle, Apollo would purchase the Executive Life portfolio, generating tremendous profits when the value of high yield bonds recovered, but also resulting in a variety of state regulatory issues for Apollo and Credit Lyonnais over the purchase.[18] More than a decade after the purchase, in 2002, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer accused Apollo, Leon Black, and an investor group led by French bank Credit Lyonnais, of illegally acquiring the assets and bond portfolio of Executive Life Insurance Co. in 1991. According to the State of California, Lion allegedly violated a California law that prohibited foreign government-owned banks from owning California insurance companies.[19]




AREA Property Partners logo


In 1993, Apollo Real Estate Advisers was founded in collaboration with William Mack to seek opportunities in the U.S. property markets.[20] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. In 2000, Apollo exited the partnership, which continued to operate as Apollo Real Estate Advisers until changing its name to AREA Property Partners, effective January 15, 2009. That firm is owned and controlled by its remaining principals, who include William Mack, Lee Neibart, William Benjamin, John Jacobsson, Stuart Koenig and Richard Mack.[21] Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, L.P., the first in a family of real estate "opportunity funds" was closed in April 1993 with $500 million of investor commitments. As of 2008, the firm was investing out of three funds: Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund V, Apollo European Real Estate Fund II and Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII. In 2004, Apollo Real Estate acquired the Value Enhancement Funds family of investment vehicles to broaden its offerings in the "value-added" segment of the real estate investment spectrum. Apollo also operates a real estate mezzanine lending program and real estate securities hedge fund called Claros Real Estate Securities Fund, L.P.[22]
In 1995, Apollo raised its third private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund III with $1.5 billion of investor commitments from investors that included CalPERS and the General Motors pension fund.[23][24] Unlike its first two funds and later funds, Fund III would ultimately prove only an average performer for private equity funds of its vintage. Among the investments made in Fund III (invested through 1998) were: Alliance Imaging, Allied Waste Industries, Breuners Home Furnishings, Levitz Furniture,[25] Communications Corporation of America,[26] Dominick's, Ralphs (acquired Apollo's Food-4-Less),[27] Move.com, NRT Incorporated,[28] Pillowtex Corporation,[29] Telemundo[30] and WMC Mortgage Corporation.[31]




Apollo invested in AMC in 2001 and would buy out the company in 2004


Also in 1995, Apollo founding partner Craig Cogut left the firm to found a smaller competitor Pegasus Capital Advisors. Since inception Pegasus has raised $1.8 billion in four private equity funds focused on investments in middle-market companies in financial distress. In 1997, Apollo co-founder Tony Ressler founded Ares Management as the successor to its Lion Advisors business which would manage collateralized debt obligation vehicles.[32]
In 1998, Apollo raised its fourth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund IV, with $3.6 billion of investor commitments.[23] Among the investments made in Fund IV (invested through 2001) were: Allied Waste Industries,[33] AMC Entertainment,[34] Berlitz International,[35] Clark Retail Enterprises,[36] Corporate Express (Buhrmann), Encompass Services Corporation, National Financial Partners, Pacer International,[37] Rent-A-Center, Resolution Performance Products, Resolution Specialty Materials, Sirius Satellite Radio, SkyTerra Communications, United Rentals and Wyndham Worldwide.[38]
2000-2005[edit]




Apollo's headquarters in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street in New York City, formerly occupied by Tyco


Apollo deployed its fourth fund during the booming markets of the late 1990s, only to experience difficulties with the collapse of the Internet bubble and the onset of the recession. Amid the turmoil of collapsing markets, Apollo was able to raise its fifth private equity fund in 2001, Apollo Investment Fund V, with $3.7 billion of investor commitments, roughly the same amount raised as for its previous fund.[23] Among the investments made in Fund V (invested through 2006) were Affinion Group, AMC Entertainment, Berry Plastics, Cablecom, Compass Minerals, General Nutrition Centers (GNC), Goodman Global, Hexion Specialty Chemicals (Borden), Intelsat, Linens ‘n Things, Metals USA, Nalco Investment Holdings, Sourcecorp, Spectrasite Communications, and Unity Media.
Meanwhile, Ares continued to grow through the late 1990s, and profited significantly from investments made after the collapse of the high yield market in 2000 and 2001. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spin out with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. By 2002, when Ares raised its first corporate opportunities fund, the firm announced that it was more formally separating itself from its former parent company. The timing of this separation also coincided with Apollo's legal difficulties with the State of California over its purchase of Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.
Following the spin-off of Ares in 2002, Apollo developed two new affiliates to continue its investment activities in the capital markets. The first of these new affiliates, founded in 2003, was Apollo Distressed Investment Fund (DIF) Management a credit opportunity investment vehicle.[39] The following year, in April 2004, Apollo raised $930 million through an initial public offering (IPO) for a listed business development company, Apollo Investment Corporation (NASDAQ: AINV)). Apollo Investment Corporation was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]

2005-2010[edit]




Caesars Palace, acquired as part of Apollo's LBO of Harrah's Entertainment


The 2005 - 2007 period marked a boom period in private equity with new "largest buyout" records set and surpassed several times in an 18-month window from the beginning of 2006 through the middle of 2007.[42] Apollo was among the most active investors in leveraged buyout transactions during this period. Although Apollo was involved in a number of notable and large buyouts, the firm largely avoided the very largest transactions of this period. Among Apollo's most notable investments during this period included Harrah's Entertainment, a leading US gaming and casino company; Norwegian Cruise Line, the cruise line operator; Claire's Stores, the retailer of costume jewelry; and Realogy, the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby's International Realty.[43]
In August 2006, Apollo launched a $2 billion publicly traded private equity vehicle in Europe, AP Alternative Assets (ENXTAM:AAA).[41] The IPO of this new vehicle followed in the footsteps of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, which raised $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[44] Apollo initially attempted to raise $2.5 billion for the public vehicle, but fell short when it offered the shares in June, raising only $1.5 billion. Apollo raised an additional $500 million via private placements in the weeks following that sale.[45]
As the private equity industry expanded through 2006 and 2007, several of the largest private equity firms, most notably The Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, announced plans to realize value from their firms through the sale of shares in the public equity markets. Apollo Management chose a slightly different path, by completing a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR.[41][46] In November 2007, Apollo was able to realize additional value from the sale of a 9% ownership interest in its management company to the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA).[47] Ultimately, in April 2008, Apollo would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)[48] to permit some holders of its privately traded stock to sell their shares on the New York Stock Exchange and in March 2011, Apollo completed its initial public offering (NYSE: APO).[49] In 2008, the firm opened an office in India, marking their first push into Asia.[50]




Apollo lost its investment in retailer Linens 'n Things with the company's 2008 bankruptcy[51]


As the deterioration of the financial markets worsened into 2008, Apollo saw several of its investments come under pressure. Apollo's 2005 investment in the struggling US retailer, Linens 'n Things suffered from a significant debt burden and softening consumer demand. In May 2008, Linens was forced to file for bankruptcy protection, one of several high-profile retail bankruptcies in 2008, costing Apollo all of its $365 million investment in the company.[51][52] At the same time, Apollo's investment in Claire's, Realogy and Harrah's Entertainment came under pressure.[43] Apollo would respond actively to its investment difficulties seeking to exchange a portion of the existing debt at Harrah's and Realogy to more favorable securities.[53] At Claire's, Apollo exercised its "PIK toggle" option to shut off cash interest payments to its bondholders and issue more debt instead, in order to provide the company with additional financial flexibility.[54]
In December 2008, Apollo completed fundraising for its latest fund, Apollo Investment Fund VII with approximately $14.7 billion of investor commitments.[55] Apollo had been targeting $15 billion, but had been in fundraising for more than 16 months, with the bulk of the capital raised in 2007.[56]
In December 2009, it was announced that Apollo would acquire Cedar Fair Entertainment Company shares and the company would be become private underneath the management group.[57] The deal includes a cash payment of $635 million and assumed debt which gives the transaction a value of $2.4 billion.[58] It was later announced in April 2010 that the deal was pulled due to poor shareholder response.[59]
2010-2016[edit]
In March 2012 it made a second attempt to acquire an amusement park operator with a $225.7 million offer for Great Wolf Resorts.[60]
In November 2012, The McGraw-Hill Companies sold their education division ("McGraw-Hill Education") to Apollo Global Management, in a deal totaling $2.5 billion.[61]
On 11 March 2013, Apollo Global Management made the only bid for the snacks business of Hostess Brands, including Twinkies, for $410 million.[62]

In December 2013, Apollo bought a portfolio of Irish home loans from Lloyds Bank for €307m, less than half their nominal £610m (€367m) value.[clarification needed] The shares were bought by an Apollo Global Management subsidiary, Tanager Limited. The portfolio made a £33m loss last year.[63]
In January 2014, Apollo bought CEC Entertainment, the parent company of Chuck E. Cheese's, for about $1 billion.[64]
In June 2015, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer of around $1.03 billion in cash to privatise OM Group.[65] Also that month, Apollo won the bidding during an auction for Saint-Gobain’s Verallia glass bottle manufacturing unit for a rumoured fee of around 2.95 billion.[66]
In February 2016, ADT Corporation agreed to be acquired by Apollo Global Management.[67]
In May 2016, Apollo Education Group[68] shareholders approved a merger with Apollo Global Management.
In June 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Diamond Resorts International.[69]
In August 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Rackspace.[70]
Operations[edit]
Apollo is operated by its managing partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan and a team of more than 250 investment professionals, as of March 31, 2013. The firm's headquarters are located in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street[71] in New York City, and the firm operates additional offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai[48]
Apollo’s executive committee includes: Leon Black, chairman and chief executive officer; Josh Harris, senior managing director; Marc Rowan, senior managing director; and Marc Spilker who was hired as President in November 2010.[72]
Apollo operates three business lines in an integrated manner:

Private equity—The private equity business is the cornerstone of Apollo's investment activities. Apollo invests through a variety of private equity strategies, most notably leveraged buyouts and distressed buyouts and debt investments. This business operates primarily through the firm's family of private equity investment funds (See: Investment funds)[48]
Credit—Apollo invests through a variety of credit strategies to complement its core private equity business. Apollo invests through a variety of investment vehicles including mezzanine funds, hedge funds, European non-performing loan funds and senior credit opportunity funds.[73]
Real Estate—Apollo Global Real Estate (AGRE) was established in 2008 to build upon Apollo's history of investing in real estate-related sectors such as hotels and lodging, leisure and logistics. AGRE manages a number of debt and equity-oriented real estate investment funds.[73]

Investment vehicles[edit]
Private equity funds[edit]
Apollo has historically relied primarily on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, family offices, sovereign wealth funds and other institutional investors. Since 2014, Apollo has begun investing its eighth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, which raised approximately $18 billion of investor commitments, making it the largest private equity fund raised since the financial crisis.[74] Since inception in 1990, Apollo has raised a total of eight private equity funds, including:[23]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($m)


Apollo Investment Fund VIII
2014
$18,400


Apollo Investment Fund VII[56]
2008
$14,700


Apollo Investment Fund VI
2005
$10,200


Apollo Investment Fund V
2001
$3,700


Apollo Investment Fund IV
1998
$3,600


Apollo Investment Fund III
1995
$1,500


Apollo Investment Fund II
1992
$500


Apollo Investment Fund I
1990
$400


Apollo Investment Corporation[edit]






Type

Public company (NASDAQ: AINV)


Founded
2004


Revenue
US$404M (FY 2010)[75]



Net income

US$263M (FY 2010)[75]


Total assets
US$3.47B (FY 2010)[76]


Total equity
US$1.77B (FY 2010)[76]


Website
www.apolloic.com


Apollo Investment Corporation is a US-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end fund and an affiliate of Apollo. AIC was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.[40][41]
AIC is structured as a business development company, a type of publicly traded private equity vehicle that is designed to generate interest income and long term capital appreciation. AIC historically has not invested in companies controlled by Apollo's private equity funds.[77]
AP Alternative Assets[edit]






Type

Public company (Euronext: AAA)


Founded
2004


Website
www.apolloalternativeassets.com


AP Alternative Assets (Euronext: AAA) is a Guernsey-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end limited partnership, managed by Apollo Alternative Assets, an affiliate of Apollo Management. AAA was formed to invest alongside Apollo's main private equity funds and hedge funds.[40][41]
AAA was launched in August 2006, shortly after Kohlberg Kravis Roberts completed an initial public offering for its $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006.[41][44] Apollo raised a total of $2 billion for AAA including the vehicle's $1.5 billion IPO and a subsequent private placement.[45]
AAA's investment portfolio is made up of a mix of private equity and capital markets investments:[78]
Portfolio investments[edit]
Apollo has been an active private equity investor through the mid-2000s buyout boom. The following is a list of Apollo's most recent and currently active private equity investments. The bulk of these investments are held in Apollo Investment Fund V, VI and VII.


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


Berry Plastics
2006
In June 2006, Apollo and Graham Partners announced the acquisition of Berry Plastics Corporation, a maker of plastic containers, for $2.25 billion from Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and JPMorgan Partners.
[79]


Claire's
2007
In March 2007, Apollo announced the $3.1 billion leveraged buyout of costume jewelry retailer, Claire’s Stores. In 2008, Claire's experienced financial difficulty amid the slump in consumer spending.
[80][81]


Countrywide plc
2007
In May 2007, Apollo acquired Countrywide plc, the leading provider of residential property related services in the UK, formerly known as Hambro Countrywide (1988) and Countrywide Assured Group (1998) for $1.05 billion (not related to Countrywide Financial).
[82]


CEVA Logistics
2006
In August 2006, TNT N.V. announced that it had agreed to the sale of its logistics division to Apollo for $1.9 billion. The business was re-branded as CEVA in November 2007.
[83]


Debt investments
2008-2009
Since the beginning of 2008, Apollo has been a significant acquiror of senior secured loans from investment banks and other financial institutions. In April 2008, Apollo, TPG Capital and The Blackstone Group completed the acquisition of $12.5 billion of bank loans from Citigroup. The portfolio comprised primarily senior secured leveraged loans that had been made to finance leveraged buyout transactions at the peak of the market. Citigroup had been unable to syndicate the loans before the onset of the credit crunch. The loans were reported to have been sold in the "mid-80 cents on the dollar" relative to face value. In late 2008, it was reported that Apollo had received margin calls associated with the financing of its purchase of certain loan portfolios as the price of the loans decreased.
[84][85][86]


Great Wolf Resorts
2012
In March 2012 Apollo announced plans to acquire the resorts chain for $703 million. Reports indicated the chain had not turned a profit since 2008.
[87]


Harrah's Entertainment
2006
On December 19, 2006, Apollo and TPG Capital announced an agreement to acquire the gaming company for $27.4 billion, including the assumption of existing debt.
[88]


Hexion Specialty Chemicals
2005
Hexion was formed in 2005 through the merger of Borden Chemical, Inc., Resolution Performance Products LLC, and Resolution Specialty Materials LLC, and the acquisition of Bakelite AG. Hexion announced in July 2007 that it was acquiring Huntsman Corporation, a major specialty chemicals company, in a $6.5 billion leveraged buyout. Hexion announced in June 2008 it would refuse to close the deal, prompting a series of legal actions. The transaction was officially terminated on December 14 after a settlement between Hexion and Huntsman, wherein they were required to pay Huntsman $1 billion to drop fraud charges that would have potentially sent the CEO of Apollo to prison.
[89][90]


Jacuzzi Brands
2006
In October 2006, Apollo announced a $990 million leveraged buyout of Jacuzzi Brands, the manufacturer of whirlpool baths.
[91]


McGraw-Hill Education
2012
In November 2012, McGraw Hill announced that it had agreed to the sale of its education division to Apollo for $2.5 billion.
[92]


Momentive Performance Materials
2006
In June 2006, Apollo acquired General Electric's Advanced Materials (Silicones & Quartz) business in a deal valued at approximately $3.8 billion.
[93]


Noranda Aluminum
2007
In April 2007, Apollo acquired the US aluminum business of the mining company Xstrata for $1.15 billion. The aluminum business, Noranda Aluminum, includes a primary smelter and three rolling mills in Tennessee, North Carolina and Arkansas along with other operations.
[94]


Norwegian Cruise Line
2008
In January 2008, Apollo completed a $1 billion investment in the cruise line operator to support a recapitalization of the company's balance sheet.
[95]


Oceania Cruises
2007
In February, 2007, Apollo acquired the luxury cruise line and provided additional capital to fund the expansion of the company with the purchase of two new cruise ships.
[96][97]


Realogy:

Coldwell Banker
Sotheby's International Realty
Century 21 Real Estate


2006
In December 2006, Apollo announced an $8.5 billion buyout of the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby’s International Realty. The transaction closed in April 2007 and was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange. As the housing market crash accelerated in 2008, Realogy faced financial pressures relating to its debt load. In November 2008, Realogy launched an exchange offer for a portion of its debt to provide additional flexibility, prompting a lawsuit from Carl Icahn.
[53][98][99][100]


Regent Seven Seas Cruises
2008
In February 2008, Apollo purchased the luxury cruise line from Carlson Companies for $1 billion. Following the purchase, Apollo made public their plans to order a new ship for Regent.
[101]


Rexnord Corporation
2006
In May 2006, Apollo announced the acquisition of the manufacturer of precision motion technology products, primarily focused on power transmission, from private equity firm The Carlyle Group for $1.825 billion.
[91][102]


Smart & Final

Henry's Marketplace
Sprouts Farmers Market


2007
In February 2007, Apollo announced the acquisition of the Smart & Final chain of warehouse style food and supply stores. In June 2007, Smart & Final completed the acquisition of the Henry's Marketplace chain of "farmers market" style food retailers from Wild Oats Markets as part of that company's acquisition by Whole Foods Market. In 2011, the Henry's chain was merged with Sprouts Farmers Market, which, like the Henry's markets, had been founded by Henry Boney.
[103][104]
[105] [106]



Vantium Management
2008
In May 2008, Apollo invested in Vantium, a company that buys residential mortgage assets as part of a strategy to profit from the housing market crash.
[107]


Verso Paper
2006
In 2006, Apollo acquired International Paper's coated and supercalendered paper business for $1.4 billion, renaming the business, Verso Paper. Verso has been the second largest producer for the North American magazine publishing and catalog/commercial print markets. In May 2008, Verso was able to complete an initial public offering of stock.
[108][109]


Novitex Enterprise Solutions
2013
In 2013, Apollo acquired Pitney Bowes Management Services (PBMS) for $400 million. From PBMS, Apollo formed Novitex Enterprise Solutions. Novitex is a document outsourcing provider that manages business-critical services for over 500 companies across ten industries. Many of its clients are Fortune 500 companies.
[110][111]


Thai Ornament Resorts
2016
In January 2016, Apollo and Pool Trust announced the acquisition of Thai Ornament Resorts, an upscale destination resort developing firm, for $75.8 million from Tri-Cities Partnership and The Pool Trust.[112]


Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media GMBH.
Affiliated businesses[edit]
From its inception, Apollo built as part of a network of affiliated businesses focusing on private equity and a variety of distressed investment strategies.
Lion Advisors[edit]
Lion Advisors (or Lion Capital), which was founded at the same time as Apollo in 1990, focused on investment management and consulting services to foreign institutional accounts targeting investments in public and private high yield debt securities in the US. In 1992, Lion entered into a more formal arrangement to manage the $3 billion high-yield portfolio for Credit Lyonnais which together with a consortium of other international investors provided the capital for Lion's investment activities. The Lion business would ultimately be replaced by Ares Management.[113]
Ares Management[edit]
Main article: Ares Management






Type

Public


Founded
1997, 2002 (independent)


Website
www.aresmgmt.com


Ares Management, founded in 1997, was initially established to manage a $1.2 billion market value collateralized debt obligation vehicle. Ares would grow to manage a family of collateralized loan obligation (CLO) vehicles that would invest in capital markets-based securities including senior bank loans and high-yield and mezzanine debt. Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal, who joined the group from the global leveraged finance group at Merrill Lynch.[114]
Ares I and II which were raised were structured as market value CLOs. Ares III though Ares X were structured as cash flow CLOs. In 2002, Ares completed a spinout from Apollo management. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spinout with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. Shortly thereafter, Ares completed fundraising for Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund, a special situations investment fund with $750 million of capital under management.[113][114]
In 2004, Ares debuted a publicly traded business development company, Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC).[115] In 2006, Ares raised a $2.1 billion successor special situations fund (Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund II).[114]
References[edit]


^ http://ir.agm.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=214560&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2217067
^ "Apollo Global Management, Form 10-Q, FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2014". SEC.gov. Retrieved June 19, 2014. 
^ Leon D. Black. Business Week Snapshot
^ Mittelman, Melissa (28 October 2016). "Apollo to Raise New LBO Fund as It Spends More Than Ever Before". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved 1 November 2016. 
^ Deal Maker’s 3-Day Tally: $37 Billion. New York Times, 2006
^ Drexel Divided on Settlement. New York Times, December 17, 1988
^ a b Ex-Drexel Executives Arrange Aid for Fruit of the Loom, August 24, 1990
^ Changes at Drexel Continue. New York Times, March 11, 1989
^ Drexel's Uncertain Future. New York Times, October 15, 1989
^ Bailing Out France's Biggest Bank. New York Times, January 26, 1995
^ Altman, Edward I. "The High Yield Bond Market: A Decade Of Assessment, Comparing 1990 With 2000." NYU Stern School of Business, 2000
^ HYLTON, RICHARD D. Corporate Bond Defaults Up Sharply in '89 New York Times, January 11, 1990.
^ Apollo dissolves Vail Resorts stake Archived 2009-02-25 at the Wayback Machine.. Deseret News (Salt Lake City), Oct 1, 2004
^ Company News; Walter Industries' Bondholders in Accord. New York Times, April 9, 1994
^ Settlement For Walter Industries And Creditors. New York Times, October 21, 1994
^ E-II Revamps Debt Plan To Offset Offer by Icahn. New York Times, May 22, 1993.
^ Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets. New York Times, February 10, 2009
^ European Group Pressing Its Offer for Executive Life, April 13, 1991
^ Executive Life Indictments Brought. Wall Street Journal, December 18, 2003 Archived September 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ He Made Real Estate a Science: William L. Mack, W’61. Wharton School of Business Alumni Magazine, Spring 2007
^ "AREA Property Partners Press Release" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 June 2013. Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ Apollo Real Estate Advisors closes Apollo Value Enhancement Fund VII with USD758m. Hedge Week, July 8, 2008
^ a b c d Double trouble. The Deal, July 18, 2008 Archived November 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Leon Black: Wall Street's Dr. No Archived 2009-02-15 at the Wayback Machine.. Business Week, July 29, 1996
^ Levitz Furniture Gets Boost from Financier Leon Black. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, July, 1996
^ Communications Corporation of America Profile. Business Week
^ Yucaipa will stack up hefty debt load if it buys Ralphs. Los Angeles Business Journal, August 22, 1994 Archived October 29, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ HFS-Apollo in Real Estate Brokerage Venture. New York Times, August 13, 1997
^ Pillowtex to Acquire Fieldcrest for $400 Million. New York Times, September 12, 1997
^ Telemundo Plan Backed. New York Times, July 21, 1994
^ Weyerhaeuser Mortgage Company sale closes. Business Wire, May 22, 1997
^ Pegasus Capital Advisors > Craig Cogut Profile Archived 2012-07-30 at the Wayback Machine. (company website). Also: Craig Cogut's Professional Profile (Founder of Pegasus Capital Advisors)[permanent dead link].
^ A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ For a Theater Chain, A Revival May Be Near. New York Times, January 27, 2002
^ Apollo Takes 20% Stake In Berlitz For $100 Million. New York Times, October 8, 1998
^ Apollo Affiliate Is Acquiring Clark's Store Operations. New York Times, May 14, 1999
^ Neptune Orient To Sell North American Train Network. New York Times, March 18, 1999
^ Wyndham Receives $1 Billion From Investor Group. New York Times, July 1, 1999
^ Apollo raising distressed-debt fund[dead link]. The Deal, June 5, 2003
^ a b c Fabrikant, Geraldine. "Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds To Tap the Market." New York Times, April 17, 2004.
^ a b c d e f Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Equity Firm Is Seen Ready to Sell a Stake to Investors." New York Times, April 5, 2007.
^ Samuelson, Robert J. "The Private Equity Boom". The Washington Post, March 15, 2007.
^ a b In Private Equity, the Limits of Apollo’s Power. New York Times, December 7, 2008
^ a b Timmons, Heather. "Opening Private Equity's Door, at Least a Crack, to Public Investors." New York Times, May 4, 2006.
^ a b Apollo equity fund IPO falls short of its target. International Herald Tribune, June 9, 2006
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and De La Merced, Michael J. "Buyout Firm Said to Seek a Private Market Offering." New York Times, July 18, 2007.
^ Apollo chief says sold nine percent of firm to Abu Dhabi. Reuters, November 7, 2007
^ a b c Apollo Global Management, Llc, Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, April 8, 2008
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things." New York Times, April 14, 2008.
^ Forget slowdown, PEs still heading to India. The Economic Times, August 8, 2008
^ a b Bankruptcy Protection for Retailer. New York Times, May 3, 2008
^ Apollo Struggles to Keep Debt From Sinking Linens 'n Things. New York Times, April 14, 2008
^ a b An End Run Around Realogy’s Lenders. New York Times, November 27, 2008
^ PIK and Roll: Companies Seize On Perks of Loose Lending . Wall Street Journal, May 19, 2008
^ "Apollo First-Quarter Profit Rises 76% as Holdings Gain". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Apollo Closes Buyout Fund Near $15 Billion Target. Wall Street Journal, January 23, 2009. Most recently, Apollo acquired Cedar Fair L.P. for about $650 million dollars cash. The company had seen profits plummet in the recent recession. Net income dropped more than $45 million from last year, and Cedar Fair was forced to sell. Apollo acquired more than 1.5 billion dollars of debt.
^ Press Releases :: Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Archived 2009-12-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Coastal Business: Charleston Port activity studied". The Sun News. 2009-12-31. Retrieved 2010-01-01. [dead link]
^ "Cedar Fair: Takeover not happening". The Seattle Times. 6 April 2010. Archived from the original on 30 January 2013. Retrieved 19 November 2011. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Private Equity Firms Duel Over Water Park Operator." New York Times DealBook, April 8, 2012.
^ "McGraw-Hill Sells Education Unit to Apollo - WSJ.com". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kosman, Josh. "Leon Black's Apollo Global new owner of Twinkies, other Hostess snack brands". New York Post. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ "Equity firm Apollo buys $419.4m (€307m) of Irish home loans from Lloyds". Irish Independent. 6 December 2013. Retrieved 18 December 2013. 
^ "Chuck E. Cheese sold in near-bn deal - FT.com". Financial Times. 
^ Ankit Ajmera (1 June 2015). "OM Group to be taken private by Apollo Global in $1.03 billion deal". Reuters. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Andrew Callus (7 June 2015). "Apollo wins auction for St-Gobain's Verallia". Reuters. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-02-16). "ADT in $6.9 Billion Deal to Sell Itself to Apollo Buyout Firm". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2017-07-21. 
^ "Apollo Education Group shareholders approve merger agreement". Rueters. 6 May 2016. Retrieved 18 August 2016. 
^ Jarzemsky, Matt; Mattioli, Dana (29 June 2016). "Apollo Global to Buy Diamond Resorts for $2.2 Billion". Retrieved 4 July 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Rackspace to Go Private in $4.3 Billion Deal". 26 August 2016. Retrieved 26 August 2016 – via Wall Street Journal. 
^ Business People; Taking Tyco's View. New York Times, February 29, 2004
^ International Alternative Investment Review Archived 2011-06-05 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Amendment No. 8 to Form S-1
^ Greg Roumeliotis (January 9, 2014). "Apollo raises largest PE fund since financial crisis". Reuters. 
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC income statement filing via Wikinvest.
^ a b Apollo Investment (AINV) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ Apollo Investment Corporation: Portfolio Companies (company website)
^ Apollo Alternative Assets: Investment Strategy (company website Archived January 29, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Berry Plastics to Be Sold Again. Reuters, June 29, 2006
^ Costume Jewelry Retailer Agrees to a Takeover. New York Times, March 21, 2007
^ Wave of Bankruptcy Filings Expected From Retailers in Wake of Holidays. Wall Street Journal, JANUARY 12, 2009
^ Apollo Sweetens Countrywide PLC Bid. Wall Street Journal, April 13, 2007
^ Dutch Postal Deal. Associated Press, August 24, 2006
^ Citi Is Said to Be Near Deal to Sell $12.5 Billion of Loans. New York Times, April 9, 2008
^ Apollo, GSO Debt Funds Have Faced Margin Call Issues. Wall Street Journal, November 12, 2008
^ Black: Apollo's debt bets were ‘a little early’. Private Equity Online, January 23, 2009
^ Ahmed, Azam (March 13, 2012). "Apollo to Acquire Water Park Operator for $703 Million". The New York Times. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Harrah's Is Said to Be in Talks to Accept $16.7 Billion Buyout." New York Times, December 18, 2006.
^ Manufacturer of Chemicals Agrees to Bid From Apollo. New York Times, July 13, 2007
^ Huntsman Settles With Apollo, New York Times, December 14, 2008
^ a b Jacuzzi Brands Is Going Private. Reuters, October 12, 2006
^ [1]. New York Times, November 26, 2012
^ Apollo Management to buy GE Advanced Materials Business. AltAssets, September 18, 2006 Archived June 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mine Company Sells U.S. Unit. New York Times, April 12, 2007
^ Closes $1 Billion Investment by Apollo. Reuters, January 7, 2008
^ Oceania Cruises sold to new owners. USA Today, February 27, 2007 Archived September 5, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oceania Cruises Closes A Transaction With Apollo Management: Completes $850 Million Strategic Partnership. Oceania Cruises press release, April 30, 2007 Archived December 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Latest Deal in Real Estate for $9 Billion. New York Times, December 18, 2006
^ "Apollo Management, L.P. Completes Acquisition Of Realogy Corporation". Realogy. Archived from the original on 2007-09-27. Retrieved 2007-06-05. 
^ Icahn Sues Real Estate Company Over Debt. New York Times, December 2, 2008
^ Apollo to buy cruise company Regent Seven Seas Cruises. AltAssets, December 12, 2007 Archived December 2, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Carlyle to sell Rexnord Corporation to Apollo for $1.8bn. AltAssets, May 25, 2006 Archived March 7, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Smart & Final sells to Apollo Management affiliate in $813.9M deal. Los Angeles Business, February 20, 2007
^ Whole Foods Deal. Bloomberg, June 21, 2007
^ Hamstra, Mark (16 February 2011). "Apollo Combines Sprouts, Henry's". Supermarket News. Penton Media, Inc. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Crabtree, Penni (27 February 2011). "Merger of Henry's, Sprouts is latest in Boney family's retail saga". SignOn San Diego. The San Diego Union-Tribune, LLC. Retrieved 4 December 2011. 
^ Apollo Management Invests in Buyer of Mortgage Assets. New York Times, May 28, 2008
^ Verso Paper turns a page with IPO; President & CEO Mike Jackson credits a foundation document, focused strategies, and talented employees for company's success. Paper360, Oct, 2008
^ Verso Paper Sets I.P.O. Range. New York Times, April 29, 2008
^ Apollo Global Management to Acquire Management Services Business from Pitney Bowes. Pitney Bowes Inc, July 30, 2013
^ "News & Insights - Document Outsourcing - Novitex" (PDF). Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ "Cotton ornaments, 'Happy Thai Horses' (set of 4)". Retrieved 4 July 2016. 
^ a b Ares Enhanced Loan Investment Strategy IR, Ltd. Prospectus. September 22, 2008[dead link]
^ a b c Ares Management to Take New Fund Public. Los Angeles Times, April 22, 2004
^ Ares Capital IPO Raises $165 Million. Los Angeles Times, October 06, 2004


External links[edit]


Companies portal


Official website






v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Apollo_Global_Management&oldid=791623716"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangePrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in New York CityCompanies established in 1990Apollo Global ManagementDrexel Burnham LambertMezzanine capital investment firmsCompanies listed on NASDAQHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxWikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











About us  –  APA Insurance







 























Kenya
Uganda








REACH US AT  +256 200 907 004













Home

Our Products



General Insurance
Vvuga Motor Private
Fire
Burglary
All Risks
Domestic Package
Group Personal Accident
Workers’ Compensation





Health Insurance


Femina







About Us
Contact Us
 





 




















About
us





About us
APA Insurance was formed in 2003 after the merger of the general businesses of Apollo Insurance Company and Pan Africa General Insurance. With a combined experience of over 100 years (Pan Africa General – 1946 and Apollo 1977), APA has become the largest insurance firm in Kenya and the most innovative in product offering.
Our wholly owned subsidiary of Apollo Investments (which includes APA Insurance Kenya, APA Life, Apollo Asset Management and Gordon Court).
We commenced operations in early 2009 and have emerged as the fastest growing General Insurance company in Uganda with 2014 Gross written premium exceeding Ushs 13 billion. The market share and ranking has improved and it has been recognized for its Best Claim Service by the Insurance Industry in Uganda .
It underwrites General Insurance risks including Motor, Liability, Aviation and Marine.
We believe in providing affordable, expert and professional risk solutions to all its clients. Our products provide you with the peace of mind that helps both businesses and individuals to return to the same standing, following a loss or other unfortunate event.
This is achieved through our tailor-made solutions, which are crafted in consultation with our clients whose needs are incorporated in the cover.
We therefore live up to our promise to “Rewrite The Rules of Insurance”.

People

Management
Directors











MR. Sandeep Verma
CEO 









Gerald Mwangi
Chief Operations Officer









Tiba Ngongo Ssanyu
Principal Officer









Godfrey Lukenge
Head of Finance









Barbara Kithuka
Head of Underwriting









Priya Raval
Marketing Manager









Linda Nakigozi
Agency Manager









Contact Us
Questions, queries, claims? We'd be happy to hear from you







































Eva Nagawa Mukasa
Chair Lady
Eva Nagawa Mukasa is a finance and microfinance consultant with over 30 years in the Finance sector. While working with East Africa development bank (EADB) she provided guidance for financial planning as Accountant / Director of Finance.
She actively participated in the formulation of the concept paper that conceived Association of Microfinance Institutions of Uganda (AMFIU). As one of the committed promoters, she become its first president. 
She is currently the Treasurer , Buganda Kingdom where she is responsible for the management of the finances of the Kingdom from all sources.









Ashok Shah
Group CEO
Ashok Shah is the current Group CEO of Apollo Investments Limited. He has over 40 years experience in Insurance. He has majored in Applied Chemistry from Kingston University (UK) and is a Chartered Insurer by profession.
He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators.
Other directorships include: Barclays Bank, Central Depository System Corporation, Reliance Insurance Company (Tanzania), APA Insurance (Uganda) Ltd, Apollo Life Assurance Ltd, and Apollo Asset Management.
He is the first recipient of the Think Business Life Time Achievement Award for his contribution to the Insurance Industry in Kenya.
He is also involved in many social activities, mainly in support of the needy and underprivileged.









Pratul Shah
Company Secretary
Pratul Shah is a Chartered Certified Accountant and a Certified Public Accountant (Kenya).
He is currently an advisor to various companies in the banking, insurance, manufacturing and services sectors, on strategic planning and restructuring.
He has vast experience in Corporate Finance, which includes transaction advice on mergers, acquisitions/disposals and raising capital through private placements, public offers and a debt funding.
Pratul is a non-executive board member of Car & General (K) Limited, Coastal Bottlers Limited, Bank One Limited – Mauritius, Reliance Insurance Company (Tanzania) Limited and I&M Bank (Tanzania) Limited.









MR. Sandeep Verma
CEO
Sandeep is a graduate from Punjab University and a Fellow from the Insurance Institute of India (IIK). He has 26 years of experience in the General Insurance Industry having worked in various companies.









MR. Sandeep Verma
CEO 
Sandeep is a graduate from Punjab University and a Fellow from the Insurance Institute of India (IIK). He has 26 years of experience in the General Insurance Industry having worked in various companies.









Gerald Mwangi
Chief Operations Officer
A graduate of University of Nairobi and a Certified Public Accountant of Kenya. He has 15 years ’experience in Insurance industry having worked with British American Insurance Company, Lion of Kenya Insurance Company and MIC Global Risk Insurance Brokers.









Tiba Ngongo Ssanyu
Principal Officer
Head of Claims
Tiba is a graduate from Makerere University with a Bachelor of Law and post Graduate Diploma from Law development centre.
She has over 10 years experience in claims and legal function and is currently pursuing a Chartered Insurance Institute Certification.









Godfrey Lukenge
Head of Finance
Qualified Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a member to the (ICPAU).He draws much of his experience both in insurance and external audits environment. He holds a post graduate diploma in project planning and management.









Barbara Kithuka
Head of Underwriting
Holds a degree in Insurance and Marketing.  She has over 10 years experience in both Underwriting and Claims. She is currently pursuing a Chartered Insurance Institute Certification.









Priya Raval
Marketing Manager
Holds a Diploma in Management Information Systems, and a Diploma in Insurance from Chartered Insurance Institute, UK.









Linda Nakigozi
Agency Manager
Holds a degree in Automotive and Power Engineering from Kyambogo University and Master’s degree in Computer Science from Kampala International University. She is currently pursuing a Chartered Insurance Institute Certification.










Marine
Money
Goods in Transit





Fidelity Guarantee
Public Liability
Professional Indemnity





Contractors All Risks
Erection All Risks
Machinery Breakdown
Accident Protector





Online Services
News
Careers
Contact Us
Intermediary Portal
Client Portal












Want us to
Call you
Let's get in touch. Or you can Call us at 0800-267 200






Talk to Us
Today

Facebook
Twitter
Flicker
youtube




Apollo Centre,Nairobi
Apollo Centre, 07 Ring Road
Parklands, Westlands


Apollo Court, Mombasa
Apollo Court, Moi Avenue 
Mombasa, Kenya










APA Insurance Group 2017


 Terms & Conditions/Privacy Policy 












Management of Apollo Life Assurance Ltd

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts







Home


Company Screener


Management








Apollo Life Assurance Ltd







Country :
                        Kenya

Sector : Insurance
Industry :Insurance

Sub-Industry :









Company

Profile


Management


Corporate Structure



Investments


Shareholders



Related Securities


News & Events

News


Disclosures


Reporting & Analysis

Financials & Ratios



Research



Operational KPIs









Management
Data Not Available





















By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

