










 







Apollo USRE II REIT (HS Opportunistic Industrial) LLC - REITS and Finance- Packard  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Apollo USRE II REIT (HS Opportunistic Industrial) LLC

      Industry: REITS and Finance
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    9 West 57 Th Street  
    New York, NY, 10019Phone: 917-472-4264 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-12


New


$125,000


$125,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Coburn J. Packard 
 Director 


 Stuart A. Rothstein 
 Director 


 Fess R. Wofse 
 Director 












J. Packard  Coburn - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











J. Packard  Coburn
Check out list of companies and businesses related to J. Packard  Coburn. Find out J. Packard  Coburn address and contact details. View other people related to J. Packard  Coburn - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

9 West 57th Street  New York 10019 NY




Companies related to J. Packard  Coburn
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001691520Apollo USRE II REIT (HP Industrial Platform) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001691521Apollo USRE II REIT (HS Opportunistic Industrial) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001691535Apollo USRE II REIT (Las Olas West) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001691536Apollo USRE II REIT (Portfolio A) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 10019




J. Packard  Coburn on the Web
Persons related to J. Packard  Coburn - Apollo USRE II REIT (HP Industrial Platform) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to J. Packard  Coburn - Apollo USRE II REIT (HS Opportunistic Industrial) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to J. Packard  Coburn - Apollo USRE II REIT (Las Olas West) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to J. Packard  Coburn - Apollo USRE II REIT (Portfolio A) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORK




Other people with surname PackardPackard  Ron, Packard  George, Packard  Daniel, PACKARD  WARREN, Packard  Warren, Packard  Arlen, Packard  Michael, Packard  Warren, Packard  Mike, Packard  Ronald, Packard  Warren, Packard  Charles, Packard  Charles, PACKARD  ALEXANDER, Packard  Norman, Packard  Warren, Packard  Ben, Packard  Michael, Packard  Daniel, Packard  Ben, Packard  Warren, Packard  Charles, Packard  Ben, Packard  Ben, PACKARD  ALEXANDER, Packard  Chad, PACKARD  CHAD, PACKARD  ALEXANDER, Packard  Charles, Packard  Chad, Packard  Chad, PACKARD  CHAD, Packard  Ben, Packard  Chad, Packard  Chad, Packard  Chad








 








Apollo Global Management LLC $APO, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Apollo Global Management LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Apollo Global Management LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (71) | Filings (522) | Investment rounds (50) | Annual reports (5) |  Stock |  News
Industry: INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]CIK Number: 0001411494IRS Number: 208880053Apollo Global Management LLC is a publicly traded companyTrading symbol: APOApollo Global Management LLC is on the market more than 5 years.

News2017-07-25

Sizing Up the MACDH For Apollo Global Management LLC (APO)
 Evergreen Caller
Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) shares are on chartist's watch as the stock is edging above the MACD Histogram zero line.



2017-07-23

Trading Earnings Optimism With Options in Apollo Global Management, LLC
 CML News
There is a powerful pattern of optimism and momentum in Apollo Global Management, LLC (NYSE:APO) stock right before of earnings, and we can capture that pattern by looking at returns in the option market.

2017-07-21

Home-security company ADT could go public by the end of the year
 MarketWatch
Private-equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC APO, +0.21% is preparing an initial public offering for ADT, just a year after it bought the home-security company.
Apollo Global Management, LLC (APO) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives
The Bottom Line on Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC), Apollo Global ... - AllStockNews

2017-07-21

Should Value Investors Pick Apollo Global Management (APO) Stock?
 Nasdaq
Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...

2017-07-21

Lumileds Goes Independent
 Photonics.com
As announced in December 2016, Apollo Global Management LLC and technology company Royal Philips NV agreed to a transaction where Philips would sell 80.1 percent interest in Lumileds to certain funds managed by Apollo and retain the remaining ...



2017-07-20

Home security firm ADT reportedly could IPO for $15 billion
 CNBC
Home security company ADT could become one of the biggest initial public offerings of the year. Apollo Global Management is preparing to file paperwork with the SEC that could value ADT at $15 billion, The Wall Street Journal reported.
Apollo prepares 2018 IPO for ADT Corp: sources - Reuters
Karpas Strategies LLC Holds Position in Apollo Global Management, LLC (APO) - BNB Daily (blog)

2017-07-20

Apollo Global Preparing IPO for ADT That Could Take Place Around Year-End
 Wall Street Journal (subscription)
Private-equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC is preparing an initial public offering for ADT, just a year after it bought the home-security company.

Apollo Global Management LLC address9 West 57th Strnew York 10019Former nameFormer name of this company was AP Placeholder LLC
Company jurisdiction
DELAWARE  
  Entity type
Limited Liability Company 
Earliest known filing
August 2007
Latest known filing
July 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Apollo Global Management LLC has 522 filings. View Apollo Global Management LLC filings.
Annual Reports2016-02-29 - Annual report 1/20162015-02-27 - Annual report 1/20152014-03-03 - Annual report 1/20142013-03-01 - Annual report 1/20132012-03-09 - Annual report 1/2012
Quarterly Reports2017-05-05 - Quartely report 2/20172016-11-04 - Quartely report 4/20162016-08-09 - Quartely report 3/20162016-05-10 - Quartely report 2/20162015-11-09 - Quartely report 4/2015
Latest company events2017-07-25 - Current report 2017-05-05 - Current report 2017-04-28 - Current report 2017-03-16 - Current report 2017-03-07 - Current report 
Investment RoundsApollo Global Management LLC recieved 50 investments.
PeopleWe have found 71 people related to Apollo Global Management LLC.
Similar companiesAPOLLO SOLAR ENERGY, INC., APOLLO PARTNERS LP                                     /BD, APOLLO FG PARTNERS LP, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND L P, APOLLO SKI PARTNERS L P, APOLLO APPAREL PARTNERS L P, APOLLO JEWELRY PARTNERS L P, APOLLO CABLE PARTNERS L P, APOLLO ADVISORS L P /NY, APOLLO EDUCATION GROUP INC, APOLLO SPECIALTY RETAIL PARTNERS L P, APOLLO BIG FLOWER PARTNERS LP, APOLLO LS HOLDINGS LDC, APOLLO INTERNATIONAL OF DELAWARE INC, APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND L P/NY, APOLLO REAL ESTATE ADVISORS L P/NY, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND III LP, APOLLON INC, APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND II L P, APOLLO REAL ESTATE ADVISORS II L P, APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS III LP, APOLLO BIOPHARMACEUTICS INC, APOLLO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC                        /BD, APOLLO RESOURCES INTERNATIONAL INC, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV LP, APOLLO VENTURE GROUP INC, Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND IV L P, APOLLO DIAMOND INC, APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS V LP, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND V LP, APOLLO ADVISORS V LP, APOLLO MANAGEMENT V LP, APOLLO CALIFORNIA TAX CREDIT FUND XXII LTD PARTNERSHIP, APOLLO REVUE LLC, APOLLO ADVISORS IV LP, APOLLONA S HAUNANI, APOLLO UK PARTNERS III LP, APOLLO MANAGEMENT IV LP, APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV LP, APOLLO NETHERLANDS PARTNERS V A LP, APOLLO NETHERLANDS PARTNERS V B  LP, APOLLO GERMAN PARTNERS V GMBH & CO KG, APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND III LP, APOLLO ENERGY SYSTEMS INC, APOLLO FUND, APOLLO GMAC REAL ESTATE MEZZANINE FUND L P, APOLLO REAL ESTATE CAPITAL ADVISORS III INC, APOLLO REAL ESTATE CAPITAL ADVISORS III L P, APOLLO REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT III LP














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Apollo Global Management LLC. 







ROTHSTEIN  STUART - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ROTHSTEIN  STUART
Check out list of companies and businesses related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART. Find out ROTHSTEIN  STUART address and contact details. View other people related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 10019 NY




Companies related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001554110AGRE Asia Pacific Real Estate Fund, L.P.9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001554994BEA/AGRE China Real Estate Fund, L.P.9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001691520Apollo USRE II REIT (HP Industrial Platform) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001691521Apollo USRE II REIT (HS Opportunistic Industrial) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001691535Apollo USRE II REIT (Las Olas West) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 100190001691536Apollo USRE II REIT (Portfolio A) LLC9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 10019




ROTHSTEIN  STUART on the Web
Persons related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART - AGRE Asia Pacific Real Estate Fund, L.P.NamePositionCityWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART - BEA/AGRE China Real Estate Fund, L.P.NamePositionCityWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART - Apollo USRE II REIT (HP Industrial Platform) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART - Apollo USRE II REIT (HS Opportunistic Industrial) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART - Apollo USRE II REIT (Las Olas West) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORKPersons related to ROTHSTEIN  STUART - Apollo USRE II REIT (Portfolio A) LLCNamePositionCityPackard  CoburnNew YorkWOFSE  FESSNEW YORKROTHSTEIN  STUARTNEW YORK
Potentially same personNameCityCountrySTUART  ROTHSTEINNEW YORKNYRothstein  StuartNew YorkNYRothstein  StuartNew YorkNY




Other people with surname ROTHSTEINRothstein  Norman, Rothstein  Allan, Rothstein  Robin, Rothstein  Robin, Rothstein  Robin, Rothstein  Bruce, Rothstein  Fred, Rothstein  Harvey, Rothstein  Steven, Rothstein  Fred, Rothstein  Robin, Rothstein  Robin, Rothstein  Robin, Rothstein  Jesse, Rothstein  Bruce, Rothstein  Lewis, Rothstein  Alain, Rothstein  Harris, Rothstein  James, Rothstein  Michele, Rothstein  Nathaniel, Rothstein  Elliot, Rothstein  Alain, Rothstein  Elliot, Rothstein  Elliot, Rothstein  Allan, Rothstein  Adam, Rothstein  Adam, Rothstein  Allan, Rothstein  Adam, Rothstein  Adam, Rothstein  Gary, Rothstein  Fred, Rothstein  Allan, Rothstein  Jacob








 








Apollo Acquisition Corp $APOL, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Apollo Acquisition Corp


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Apollo Acquisition Corp.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (2) | Filings (76) | Annual reports (4) |  Stock |  News
Industry: BLANK CHECKS [6770]CIK Number: 0001505367Apollo Acquisition Corp is a publicly traded companyTrading symbol: APOL

News2017-06-07

Apollo Education Group (APOL) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.55
 The Cerbat Gem
Apollo Education Group logo Headlines about Apollo Education Group (NASDAQ:APOL) have been trending very positive this week, AlphaOne reports.



2017-05-22

Apollo Education Group Inc (NASDAQ:APOL) Institutional Investor Sentiment
 Finance News Daily
Apollo Education Group Inc (NASDAQ:APOL) institutional sentiment increased to 0.96 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.11, from 0.85 in 2016Q3.
Apollo Education Group Inc (NASDAQ:APOL) Sentiment Report - WeeklyHub
Stocks: Apollo Education Group (APOL) Receiving Very Positive News Coverage ... - Petro Global News 24

2017-05-18

Apollo Education Group (APOL) Receiving Very Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne ...
 The Cerbat Gem
Apollo Education Group logo News headlines about Apollo Education Group (NASDAQ:APOL) have trended very positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports.

2017-05-02

AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 69702 Shares of Apollo Education Group Inc (APOL)
 The Cerbat Gem
Apollo Education Group logo AQR Capital Management LLC decreased its position in Apollo Education Group Inc (NASDAQ:APOL) by 27.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Schroder Investment Management Group Has Cut Apollo Education Group Class A ... - Wolcott Daily
RealPage (RP) Reaches $37.70 52-Week High; Apollo Education Group (APOL ... - UtahHerald.com

2017-04-20

Two Sigma Investments LP Has $1.127 Million Stake in Apollo Education Group ...
 The Cerbat Gem
Apollo Education Group logo Two Sigma Investments LP decreased its position in shares of Apollo Education Group Inc (NASDAQ:APOL) by 1.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange ...
Very Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Apollo Education Group ... - Markets Daily



2017-04-16

Sell-side Viewpoints on Apollo Education Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:APOL)
 The Herald
Out of the N/A covering Street analysts offering stock ratings for Apollo Education Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:APOL), N/A have shares pegged as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have the stock rated a Buy.

2017-04-15

The Consensus Has Spoken: Ratings update on Apollo Education Group, Inc ...
 The Herald
Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable company information. Out of the N/A covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Apollo Education Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:APOL), N/A have shares listed as a ...

Apollo Acquisition Corp address800 TOWN & COUNTRY BOULEVARDSUITE 420HOUSTON 77042Apollo Acquisition Corp addressP.O. BOX 2510, 4 FL, 1 CAYMAN FINANCIALCENTRE, 36 DR. ROY'S DRIVEGEORGE TOWN KY1-1104
Earliest known filing
November 2010
Latest known filing
May 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Apollo Acquisition Corp has 76 filings. View Apollo Acquisition Corp filings.
Annual Reports2016-09-27 - Annual report 3/20162015-10-14 - Annual report 4/20152014-10-14 - Annual report 4/20142013-10-15 - Annual report 4/20132012-10-24 - Annual report 4/2012
Quarterly Reports2017-05-22 - Quartely report 2/20172017-02-14 - Quartely report 1/20172016-11-14 - Quartely report 4/20162016-05-16 - Quartely report 2/20162016-02-16 - Quartely report 1/2016
Latest company events2015-11-12 - Current report 2015-11-12 - Current report 2015-11-03 - Current report 2015-09-09 - Current report 2015-06-29 - Current report 
PeopleWe have found 2 people related to Apollo Acquisition Corp.
Similar companiesAPOLLO SOLAR ENERGY, INC., APOLLO PARTNERS LP                                     /BD, APOLLO FG PARTNERS LP, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND L P, APOLLO SKI PARTNERS L P, APOLLO APPAREL PARTNERS L P, APOLLO JEWELRY PARTNERS L P, APOLLO CABLE PARTNERS L P, APOLLO ADVISORS L P /NY, APOLLO EDUCATION GROUP INC, APOLLO SPECIALTY RETAIL PARTNERS L P, APOLLO BIG FLOWER PARTNERS LP, APOLLO LS HOLDINGS LDC, APOLLO INTERNATIONAL OF DELAWARE INC, APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND L P/NY, APOLLO REAL ESTATE ADVISORS L P/NY, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND III LP, APOLLON INC, APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND II L P, APOLLO REAL ESTATE ADVISORS II L P, APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS III LP, APOLLO BIOPHARMACEUTICS INC, APOLLO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC                        /BD, APOLLO RESOURCES INTERNATIONAL INC, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV LP, APOLLO VENTURE GROUP INC, Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND IV L P, APOLLO DIAMOND INC, APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS V LP, APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND V LP, APOLLO ADVISORS V LP, APOLLO MANAGEMENT V LP, APOLLO CALIFORNIA TAX CREDIT FUND XXII LTD PARTNERSHIP, APOLLO REVUE LLC, APOLLO ADVISORS IV LP, APOLLONA S HAUNANI, APOLLO UK PARTNERS III LP, APOLLO MANAGEMENT IV LP, APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV LP, APOLLO NETHERLANDS PARTNERS V A LP, APOLLO NETHERLANDS PARTNERS V B  LP, APOLLO GERMAN PARTNERS V GMBH & CO KG, APOLLO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT FUND III LP, APOLLO ENERGY SYSTEMS INC, APOLLO FUND, APOLLO GMAC REAL ESTATE MEZZANINE FUND L P, APOLLO REAL ESTATE CAPITAL ADVISORS III INC, APOLLO REAL ESTATE CAPITAL ADVISORS III L P, APOLLO REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT III LP














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Apollo Acquisition Corp. 







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












         
	Careers
    


















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






Careers
The extensive experience, talent and accomplishments of the Blackstone team give us a base of intellectual capital that is second to none.





  
Make an Impact
  
Experienced
  
University
  
Veterans
  
Blackstone Women
  
Open Positions
 





Phishing Email Alert

Blackstone has recently become aware of fraudulent emails purporting to offer employment at Blackstone and misusing the official Blackstone logo. These emails do not originate from Blackstone or any of our affiliates. If you have received any such email, you should not click any links in the email or provide any personal information (e.g., your social security number or scans of identity documents).






Make an Impact

Blackstone is a leading global alternative asset manager. As stewards of public funds we look to drive outstanding results for our investors and clients by deploying capital and ideas to help business succeed and grow. Our assets under management, which now total over approximately $371 billion, help secure the benefits of 29 million pensioners in the United States and millions more internationally, and advance the goals of charitable organizations, academic institutions and governments around the world.
While each of our four main business groups – private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, and credit – is already an acknowledged leader in its respective market, innovation and entrepreneurship are at the core of our business, and we are constantly developing new investment products and services. This approach, coupled with our strong focus on developing and keeping excellent relationships with all of our stakeholders, has paid off. For 30 years, we have delivered outstanding financial results for investors and clients while helping businesses around the world succeed and grow.
We invite you to join our team.








				Mondays at Blackstone
			







Ranked as a
“Best Place to Work”


For three years in a row, Blackstone has been named a “Best Place to Work” in our sector by Pensions & Investments









Opportunities

						We encourage independent thinking and reward initiative while providing services to help employees grow professionally. Our global business platform and brand reputation provide an unparalleled launch pad for growing your career.
					




External Relations & Strategy
 Managing communications with shareholders, the media and governments, as well as analyzing strategic development opportunities. 





External Relations & Strategy
The Group has primary responsibility for setting the strategy for shareholder, media and government relations and the Blackstone Foundation, including communicating and maintaining relationships with several constituents. These range from unit holders and the research analysts who cover Blackstone for major financial institutions to the media and Federal, State and local Government officials to not-for-profit organizations around the world.  The team is responsible for the firm’s social media presence, including Facebook, Twitter, blogs and Blackstone’s internal and external website. It drives communications to and amongst our employees and manages all aspects of the firm’s brand. The Group runs the Blackstone Charitable Foundation which is focused on job creation and entrepreneurship and also facilitates employee volunteer and intermural activities globally.


Roles in  External Relations & Strategy
  Analyst: External Relations & Strategy An analyst in External Relations and Strategy will assist in the day-to-day functions of the group and have the opportunity to gain hands-on experience in financial communications, government relations, internal communications, corporate philanthropy and/or investor relations. The small nature of the team lends itself to offering significant exposure to all Blackstone’s business groups and participation in high-level initiatives.  
View Roles in External Relations & Strategy







Finance
 Managing the firm’s global finance, accounting, tax and treasury functions.





Finance
The Blackstone Finance team provides analyses for the firm’s senior leaders to assist them in making strategic business decisions, in addition to maintaining the books and records of the firm and its funds and financial controls. The team manages the firm’s liquidity and is instrumental in maximizing returns on the firm’s investments while minimizing risk. The Blackstone finance team also provides extensive, critical financial information to all investors. There are many exciting career opportunities within the finance team; you will work in a dynamic environment with a group of people dedicated to leveraging and protecting the firm’s balance sheet to the benefit of our investors, clients, shareholders and employees.


Roles in Finance
  Summer Internship: Chief Financial Office Interns will have the opportunity to focus on a particular area within the Chief Financial Office such as financial planning and analysis, Audit, Business finance, Treasury and Affiliated investor reporting.  
View Roles in Finance








GSO Capital
Providing unique credit solutions to enhance corporations financial flexibility with most solutions not available elsewhere in the credit market.





GSO Capital
Our credit business, GSO Capital Partners LP, is one of the largest credit-focused alternative asset managers in the world. GSO provides a broad array of credit services, including leveraged loans and mezzanine financing, and plays a strong role in providing rescue financing to companies experiencing liquidity problems.
Learn more about GSO Capital


Roles in GSO
  Analyst: Customized Credit Strategies GSO customized credit strategies analysts are responsible for identifying, analyzing and monitoring investments across multiple portfolios, then proactively communicating recommendations to portfolio managers. The experience guarantees a unique understanding of companies and capital structures across a wide range of industries.   Analyst: GSO Mezzanine Fund The GSO mezzanine group focuses primarily on providing private investment capital to upper middle market companies and private equity sponsors in connection with leveraged buyouts, mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations, growth financing and other corporate transactions. Analysts will develop both quantitative and qualitative skills through the investment process and will have the opportunity to gain exposure to a wide range of industries and investment types. As a result of the breadth of the experience, the analyst will develop a unique understanding of companies and capital structures.   Analyst: GSO Client Operations GSO Client Operations and will provide client service and support to Investors in all the various GSO Funds. The team liaises with numerous internal groups (Accounting, Legal, Operations, Compliance and Technology) and third party service providers (Fund administrators, etc.). Analysts create and distribute capital call and distribution notices to limited partners.   Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development Analysts will be involved in supporting GSO’s ongoing fundraising efforts and client relations functions. Responsibilities will include developing and maintaining marketing presentations, diligence materials, drafting of investor letters, preparing for and attending investor meetings, completing DDQs and RFPs, and supporting the marketing operations team with respect to account set up, monitoring liquidity and fund flows. In addition, the role will entail close communication and coordination with Blackstone Marketing professionals to help facilitate cross-fertilization and cross-selling.  
View Roles in GSO







Hedge Fund Solutions (BAAM)
Serving the world’s largest institutional investors by striving to protect downside and reduce volatility.





Blackstone Alternative Asset Management

Our hedge fund solutions business, (“BAAM”), serves many of the world’s leading institutional investors, including corporate, public and union pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies. These investors look to BAAM to protect their assets through custom-tailored investment strategies.

Learn more about Blackstone Alternative Asset Management


Roles in Hedge Fund Solutions
  Analyst: Business & Financial Evaluation The Business and Financial Evaluation group is responsible for performing due diligence, focusing on the operational risks of managing a hedge fund. Analysts will participate in meetings with senior management and perform extensive research on funds and industry trends, learning about hedge funds and the financial industry from an operational perspective.   Analyst: Legal and Product Development The Legal and Product Development group plays a critical role in providing the best possible information to help hedge fund managers. Analysts work on a variety of projects, reviewing and summarizing key legal documents and analyzing fund and regulatory research.   Analyst: Global Client Operations and Reporting Team The Investment Team uses a comprehensive approach to constructing portfolios, relying on investment-level analysis and macroeconomic perspectives. Analysts work on a variety of tasks, including modeling investment strategies, conducting macroeconomic research and analyzing risk to ensure Blackstone portfolios continually generate value for investors.   Analyst: Investment Team The Global Client Operations and Reporting Team sits within BAAM’s Investor Solutions Group, providing essential infrastructure support across BAAM’s global platform and working as internal consultants. Among other things, the team aims to streamline, centralize and quality-control information delivered to clients, prospects and investment management consultants. The comparatively small size of the team offers employees the opportunity to work closely with senior investor relations/business development professionals, interface with all other BAAM teams and assume significant responsibility.
    Analysts provide an essential support role in an all-encompassing capacity to the rest of the team. Analysts are assigned as secondary contacts on a select group of clients and are responsible for supporting all aspects of the relationship with these investors. The comparatively small size of this group offers analysts the opportunity to work closely with senior team members, assume significant responsibility and play integral roles. Analysts at Blackstone often have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of projects and be staffed on a number of assignments at one time.   Summer Analyst: Business & Financial Evaluation BAAM’s BFE team is responsible for performing initial and ongoing operational due diligence with respect to BAAM’s underlying hedge fund managers. BFE evaluates a manager based upon all non-investment aspects of the business, and specifically focuses on the operational risks associated with managing an alternative asset investment firm. A manager’s size and strategy, along with industry best practices are taken into account when performing this evaluation. Additionally, BFE supports BAAM’s various products and platforms, including BAAM’s hedge fund seeding platform and long only platform. BFE will also be involved in due diligence matters pertaining to other groups within Blackstone as needed. A Summer Analyst’s responsibilities will include a variety of tasks associated with the team’s evaluation of a hedge fund manager from an operational risk perspective. Specific tasks may include: participating in operational due diligence meetings on both hedge funds and hedge fund service providers, performing various types of research on the hedge fund industry (including regulatory, news sources, industry periodicals and ad hoc research projects), analyzing manager financial statements, performing queries to analyze industry trends, and preparing information for internal or client reports. The Summer Analyst will also be expected to assist with, and/or lead, as necessary, any ad hoc projects. In addition to working at one of the world's leading alternative investment firms, Summer Analysts gain the opportunity to access and learn about the dynamic and unique hedge fund market. Meetings are often conducted with CFOs, COOs, etc. of the respective funds, giving Summer Analysts exposure to seasoned industry professionals. The BFE team works closely with the COO, and other senior members of BAAM, leading to a fast-paced and exciting work environment.  Summer Analyst: Global Client Operations and Reporting The Global Client Operations and Reporting Team sits within BAAM’s Investor Solutions Group, providing essential infrastructure support across BAAM’s global platform and working as internal consultants. Among other things, the team aims to streamline, centralize and quality-control information delivered to clients, prospects and investment management consultants. The comparatively small size of the team offers Summer Analysts the opportunity to work closely with senior investor relations/business development professionals, interface with all other BAAM teams and assume significant responsibility. Summer Analysts play an integral role in developing tools to assist the global Investor Solutions Group with on-boarding, branding, message control and efficiency. Responsibilities include maintaining standard marketing materials, developing a marketing language library, overseeing client reporting, managing BAAM’s entries into consultant databases and coordinating responses to consultant questionnaires. Summer Analysts may also assist in subscription and redemption processing and distribution of key client reporting.   Summer Analyst: Legal & Product Development The Summer Analyst will work with BAAM’s Legal & Product Development team on a variety of different matters relating to hedge funds and hedge fund solutions. Primary job responsibilities include: review offering documents of underlying hedge fund managers and prepare summaries of key terms or issues relating to investments in hedge fund managers; assist in evaluation of manager terms and negotiation of side letters; assist in compiling various databases relating to Blackstone managers and Blackstone funds; provide support relating to the offering of any new funds or structured products; analyze manager and portfolio liquidity, fees, and other terms to produce internal and external reports; assess current and prospective regulatory risk through industry and government-focused research; and perform research on market trends within the hedge fund industry.   Summer Analyst: Investment Team The Investment Team, comprised of Investment Research and Risk Management professionals, combines a top-down and bottom-up approach to portfolio construction by using both macroeconomic views and investment-level analysis to manage portfolios of hedge funds. The Investment Team is responsible for the sourcing, due diligence and ongoing monitoring of hedge fund managers, as well as asset allocation and portfolio construction. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, research teams are typically small and Summer Analysts are therefore expected to assume important and integral roles.  
View open roles and apply online







Human Resources
Driving the firm’s growth and development by attracting, retaining, and developing the best talent.





Human Resources
Human Resources acts as a strategic partner to all Blackstone businesses in fostering culture, developing talent, and strengthening the capability of our global team. In addition to hiring, integrating, assessing, training and rewarding employees, we provide a wide range of services and counsel – from Benefits to Employee Relations – that ensure Blackstone is an “employer of choice” and harnesses the full potential of our overall human capital. We look for HR professionals who can deliver strategic, creative, and commercial solutions in an entrepreneurial and dynamic environment.







Innovations – Technology
Deploying technological innovations to support our growing business.





Innovations & Infrastructure Technology

The Blackstone Innovations & Infrastructure Technology team seeks to drive improvements across Blackstone’s businesses through technology. Technologists thrive on the sharing of ideas while designing and building world class technology through an iterative process. The group facilitates individual growth through meritocracy and creating a challenging team-oriented environment. There are several exciting opportunities within the technology team including software development, database administration, storage and networking, information security and design.
 
Blackstone technologists play an integral part in helping to bring innovative technology solutions to a fast paced growing firm. If you are interested in technology we can offer exciting career opportunities.

Learn more about Innovations & Infrastructure Technology


Roles in  Innovations & Infrastructure Technology
  Analyst: Business Analyst As a member of the Innovations & Infrastructure Technology team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for Blackstone and the financial community at large.
     Our Business Analysts are involved in the full development lifecycle and will work very closely with all stakeholders during the conceptual, design, development, quality assurance and production stages of each project. You will be expected to take ownership of specific functionality areas within our applications, and write detailed design documents to outline specifications, workflow and user interface. Then you will perform quality assurance tasks to ensure stability and thoroughness of the platform as you help manage each project with the technical lead and the developers and roll out the products to our users to ensure that we have met our goals. You will also be responsible for performing market research and analysis and conducting user interviews to identify specific areas of improvement as well as presenting designs of proposed functionality improvements to internal teams as well as clients.   Analyst: Software Engineer Our Software Engineers are expected to take ownership of projects, determine technical design, and flush out business design holes with the business analysts and code and support the system. They serve as contributors during the concept and design phase, and are the project owners during the development, stabilization and support phases.   Summer Intern: Business Analyst As a summer intern on the technology innovation team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for a growing business. Our Business Summer Analysts are involved in the full development lifecycle and will work very closely with all stakeholders during the conceptual, design, development, and production stages of each project. You will be expected to take ownership of specific functionality areas within our applications, write detailed design documents to outline specifications, workflow and user interface. Then you will perform quality assurance tasks to ensure stability and thoroughness of the platform as you help manage each project with the technical lead and the developers and roll out the products to our users to ensure that we have met our goals. You will also be responsible for performing market research and analysis and conducting user interviews to identify specific areas of improvement as well as presenting designs of proposed functionality improvements to internal teams as well and clients.   Summer Intern: Software Engineer As a software engineer summer intern in the technology innovation team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for Blackstone. Summer Software Engineers are involved in the full development lifecycle. They will serve as contributors during the concept and design phase, and as the project owners during the development, stabilization and support phases. Summer Software Engineers will be expected to take ownership of projects, determine technical design, flush out business design holes with the business analysts and code and support the system. Success as a Summer Software Engineer on our team means delivering business value and great code.  
Roles in Innovations & Infrastructure








Investor Relations & Business Development
 Managing outreach to investors on existing and new products.





Investor Relations & Business Development
Our Investor Relations & Business Development (IRBD) teams work directly with some of the largest and most sophisticated institutional investors in the world. IRBD team members support Blackstone investor relationships and manage all fundraising efforts, interfacing often with our other business groups to deliver value for our investors.


Roles in IRBD
  Analyst: Real Estate Investor Relations & Business Development The Real Estate Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global real estate group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will assist with multiple projects at one time such as constructing investor presentations, assisting with investor due diligence requests, conducting market research, and supporting the fund closing process. An Analyst will be expected to understand the basic fundamentals of real estate investments, the global real estate environment, and private equity fund structures. An Analyst will also be exposed to legal issues associated with fund raising and fund documents.   Analyst: Private Equity Investor Relations & Business Development The Private Equity Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global private equity group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will model alternative fund structure, maintain a database of due diligence information, work on the deal summaries and due diligence processes, and draft updates to limited partners, private placement memoranda, and marketing materials.   Analyst: GSO Investor Relations GSO Client Operations and will provide client service and support to Investors in all the various GSO Funds. The team liaises with numerous internal groups (Accounting, Legal, Operations, Compliance and Technology) and third party service providers (Fund administrators, etc.). Analysts will create and distribute Capital Call and Distribution Notices to limited partners.   Analyst: BAAM Client Relations The Marketing Communications & Client Operations Team sits within BAAM’s Investor Solutions Group, providing essential infrastructure support across BAAM’s global platform and working as internal consultants. Among other things, the team aims to streamline, centralize and quality-control information delivered to clients, prospects and investment management consultants. The comparatively small size of the team offers employees the opportunity to work closely with senior investor relations/business development professionals, interface with all other BAAM teams and assume significant responsibility. Analysts provide an essential support role in an all-encompassing capacity to the rest of the team. Analysts are assigned as secondary contacts on a select group of clients and are responsible for supporting all aspects of the relationship with these investors. The comparatively small size of this group offers analysts the opportunity to work closely with senior team members, assume significant responsibility and play integral roles. Analysts at Blackstone often have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of projects and be staffed on a number of assignments at one time.  
Roles in IRBD







Legal and Compliance
Providing legal services and advice to the firm and implementing global compliance policies and procedures.





Blackstone Legal and Compliance
Legal and Compliance acts as a strategic business partner with Blackstone business and corporate teams to support the firm’s objectives, ensure regulatory compliance, minimize risk, and preserve the legal and ethical integrity of the firm: 

Our legal team provides advice and counsel to facilitate the firm’s investments, governance, and other objectives. Whether by assisting our investment professionals in negotiating investments, forming and marketing a fund or representing the firm in litigation, the legal professionals at Blackstone play an integral role in advancing the firm’s business and its relationships with clients, unitholders and regulators.  
The firm’s compliance professionals are dedicated to protecting’s the firm’s reputation and managing legal, compliance and reputational risks.  By monitoring developments in jurisdictions around the globe, the compliance team provides informed and practical guidance that enables Blackstone to achieve its objectives appropriately while successfully navigating today’s increasingly complex regulatory environment.

Across Blackstone’s Legal and Compliance team, we look for professionals who have the drive, experience and judgment to be trusted advisors and who will be commercially effective and protect the reputation of the firm. 







Private Equity
 Identifying investment opportunities to grow companies and enhance their value.





Private Equity
We operate one of the world’s largest private equity fund businesses. With an exclusive focus on friendly transactions, and on partnering with accomplished management teams to drive results, we have worked for more than 25 years to identify, invest in and enhance the value of great businesses.
Learn more about Private Equity


Roles in  Private Equity
  Analyst: Private Equity Blackstone’s private equity group expects analysts to assist in the direct acquisition of large and midsized companies across a variety of sectors worldwide. The investment process requires both the financial skills of investment banking and the strategic thinking of management consulting. As a result, this analyst program is a unique experience; our analysts develop a well-rounded business mind that is fine-tuned by the challenge of putting to work the firm’s and its professionals’ own money.   Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development The Private Equity Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global private equity group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will model alternative fund structure, maintain a database of due diligence information, work on the deal summaries and due diligence processes, and draft updates to limited partners, private placement memorandum, and marketing materials.   Associate: Private Equity Associates will work in a wide range of industries on potential investments, acquisitions, analysis of potential exit opportunities, and the monitoring and management of current portfolio companies. The relatively small size of this group offers Associates the opportunity to work closely with senior members of the firm and to have extensive interaction with management teams and external advisors. We look to attract post-MBAs to this position.   Summer Analyst: Private Equity Blackstone’s private equity group offers Summer Analysts the chance to engage in the direct acquisition of large and midsized companies in a variety of sectors worldwide. The investment process develops both the financial skills of investment banking and the strategic thinking of management consulting. As a result, this Summer Analyst program is a unique experience among financial firms, enabling our Summer Analysts to develop a well-rounded business mind. Summer Analysts at Blackstone have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of projects and be staffed on a number of assignments at one time. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Summer Analysts are able to assume integral roles on deal teams. Summer Analysts are involved with the development, structuring and financing of transactions and regularly attend internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. 
    Typically, Summer Analyst work will include financial analysis, computer modeling, research, competitive analysis, assistance in the execution of transactions and drafting of memoranda for internal and external use. Summer Analysts will work on a wide range of transactions including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, recapitalizations, joint ventures and leveraged buyouts.  Summer Associate: Private Equity Summer Associates will work on companies in a wide range of industries on potential investments, acquisitions, analysis of potential exit opportunities, and the monitoring of current portfolio companies. Summer Associates are involved in transaction due diligence, valuation analysis, and the negotiating of contracts and other agreements. The relatively small size of this group offers Summer Associates the opportunity to work closely with senior members of the firm and to have extensive interaction with management teams and external advisors.  Summer Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development Summer Analysts will be involved in supporting investor relations and potential fundraising efforts for the Private Equity business. Summer Analysts will model alternative fund structure economics, maintain a database of due diligence information, work on the deal summaries and due diligence processes, and draft updates to limited partners, private placement memoranda, and marketing materials. Summer Analysts will also be exposed to legal issues associated with fund raising and fund documents.  
Roles in Private Equity







Real Estate 
Deploying a ‘buy it, fix it, sell it’ strategy by acquiring assets that need improving, and providing unparalleled expertise and capital.





Real Estate
Our real estate business is a global investor in a wide variety of property types. We acquire high quality assets, and then add value through the insight of our in-house experts and skilled real estate operators. We are also large investors in debt secured by high quality real estate assets.
Learn more about Real Estate


Roles in Real Estate
  Analyst: Real Estate Debt Strategies Analysts in the Real Estate Debt Strategies group participate in a wide range of real estate debt transactions, a critical Blackstone initiative started in 2008 following major shifts in the global real estate market. Analysts’ work typically includes financial analysis and modeling, transaction and industry research and support in the execution of transactions.   Analyst: Real Estate Partners Blackstone’s Real Estate Private Equity group expects analysts to engage in the direct acquisition of large portfolios of real estate assets as well as individual properties worldwide. Typically, analysts assist teams across a wide range of real estate transactions, working on real estate valuation analysis, computer modeling and research.   Analyst: Real Estate Asset Management Blackstone’s Real Estate Asset Management group expects analysts to engage in all aspects of asset management including post acquisition transition, valuation, budgeting and working closely with Blackstone's portfolio companies and deal team. Analysts are also involved in underwriting, financial modeling and discussions related to restructuring, refinancing and disposition strategies.   Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development The Real Estate Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global real estate group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will assist with multiple projects at one time such as constructing investor presentations, assisting with investor due diligence requests, conducting market research, and supporting the fund closing process. An Analyst will be expected to understand the basic fundamentals of real estate investments, the global real estate environment, and private equity fund structures. An Analyst will also be exposed to legal issues associated with fund raising and fund documents.  Associate: Real Estate Partners Associates at Blackstone participate in all aspects of real estate investing and are staffed on a number of transactions at one time. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Associates assume integral roles on deal teams. Associates are involved with the development, structuring, and financing of transactions and regularly attend both external and internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions.  Summer Analyst: Real Estate Partners Blackstone’s Real Estate Private Equity Group offers Summer Analysts the chance to engage in the direct acquisition of real estate-related companies, portfolios of real estate assets, and individual properties worldwide. Summer Analysts at Blackstone have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of real estate investing and can expect to be staffed on a number of transactions at one time. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Summer Analysts are expected to assume integral roles on deal teams. Summer Analysts are involved with the development, structuring, and financing of transactions and regularly attend both external and internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. Typically, Summer Analyst work will include real estate valuation analysis, computer modeling, research, competitive analysis, development of presentations, assistance in the execution of transactions, and drafting of memoranda for internal and external use. Summer Analysts will work on a wide range of transactions including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, recapitalizations, joint ventures, and leveraged buyouts.   Summer Analyst: Real Estate Debt Strategies Summer Analysts in the Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies Group have the opportunity to participate in a wide range of real estate debt transactions including restructurings, recapitalizations, new loan originations, and acquisition of legacy loans, CMBS and other forms of public and private debt. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Summer Analysts are expected to assume integral roles on deal teams and can expect to be staffed on a number of assignments at one time. Summer Analysts are involved with the development, structuring, and financing of transactions and regularly attend client and internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. Summer Analyst work will typically include financial analysis and modeling, market research, competitive analysis, development of client presentations, assistance in the execution of transactions, and drafting of memoranda for internal and external use.  
View Roles in Real Estate








Strategic Partners
Acquiring interests in high-quality, private investment funds from investors seeking liquidity.





Strategic Partners
Strategic Partners Fund Solutions is a leader in the secondary private equity market. Our goal is to provide institutional and individual investors the opportunity to monetize and manage their illiquid investment portfolios. We evaluate both single fund positions and complex, structured portfolios. We work hard to understand the unique circumstances of each transaction and offer thoughtful solutions. Through our global reach, extensive access to the private equity markets and deep relationships, Strategic Partners is a leading provider of liquidity in the secondary market.
Learn more about Strategic Partners


Roles in  Strategic Partners
  Summer Analyst Strategic Partners offers Summer Analysts a unique opportunity to achieve a valuable learning experience working in the secondary private equity industry. Summer Analysts in Strategic Partners develop an in-depth knowledge of company analysis and valuation. Through analysis of leveraged buyout, real estate, venture capital, mezzanine and distressed private equity funds, Summer Analysts gain exposure to a wide array of companies, industries and capital structures, and become accustomed to a variety of private equity funds and investment strategies. Strategic Partners Summer Analysts will be involved in extensive financial modeling of portfolio companies and funds, preparing memoranda presented to the Investment Committee and structuring and executing investments.   Full-time Analyst Strategic Partners expects Analysts to participate and assist in the evaluating and closing secondary private equity transactions. As an Analyst in Strategic Partners, you will develop an in-depth knowledge of company analysis and valuation. Through analysis of leveraged buyout, real estate, venture capital, mezzanine and distressed private equity funds, you will gain exposure to a wide array of companies, industries and capital structures. In addition, you will become accustomed to a variety of private equity funds and investment strategies. Strategic Partners Analysts will be involved in extensive financial modeling of portfolio companies and funds, preparing memoranda presented to the Investment Committee and structuring and executing investments.  
View Roles in Strategic Partners







Tactical Opportunities
Leveraging Blackstone’s entire platform to provide solutions that meet institutional investors’ different risk-return goals.





Tactical Opportunities
Few other alternative managers, if any, possess the experience and breadth of our investment platform. Our Tactical Opportunities team harnesses this competitive advantage by leveraging the synergies that exist across our businesses to source, execute and capitalize on investment opportunities that others cannot. Their highly flexible mandate allows them to pursue investments that fall outside our other alternative fund strategies.
Learn more about Tactical Opportunities


Roles in Tactical Opportunities
  Analyst: Tactical Opportunities Analysts on the Tactical Opportunities work closely with the investment team on deals and investment opportunities. They will work alongside the research function in finding information sources, synthesizing data, and summarizing findings for the investment team. This is an opportunity for an extraordinary performer who has already mastered fundamental research skills through extensive personal investing, academic work and professional experience.   Associate: Tactical Opportunities Associates on the Tactical Opportunities work closely with the investment team on deals and investment opportunities. They will work alongside the research function in finding information sources, synthesizing data, and summarizing findings for the investment team. This is an opportunity for an extraordinary performer who has already mastered fundamental research skills through extensive personal investing, academic work and professional experience.  
View Roles in Tactical Opportunities










Hilton
USA

Hilton Hotels has long been a leader in the hospitality industry. Blackstone Real Estate Partners acquired Hilton in 2007 on behalf of its investors and has helped the company expand into new geographies and improve efficiency of day-to-day operations.
 



Patria Investments
Brazil

Blackstone has partnered with Patria Investments, leveraging the firm's vast knowledge of the Brazilian market to invest in attractive private equity, real estate and credit opportunities in Latin America's fastest-growing economy.
 



Harbourmaster
Ireland

In 2011, Blackstone acquired Harbourmaster, a leading European investment advisor of secured corporate and infrastructure-based bank loans. Providing in-depth research necessary for these investments, Harbourmaster strengthens Blackstone's position in the region.
 



Bujagali
Uganda

Blackstone portfolio company, Sithe Global, in partnership with the Government of Uganda and the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development, completed construction of a 250 Megawatt hydroelectric power station on the Nile River. Construction of the facility employed 3,000 people and doubled the country's effective generation capacity, stimulating economic development in the region.




Moser Baer
India

Moser Baer, a Blackstone portfolio company, is addressing India's need for secure energy infrastructure to meet the needs of its rapidly growing economy. Blackstone has applied its expertise and its investors’ capital to fund thermal, solar and hydroelectric projects.




RMB Fund
China

In 2009 Blackstone established a private equity fund with the Government of Pudong China to facilitate economic development in the Shanghai Area. The Fund provides Blackstone investors with unparalleled access to China's growing economy and demonstrates the firm's interest in international markets.






 One World, Unique Opportunities... 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 




 
“Now when I think about my career, it seems limitless. Five years into this, I’ve already joined the board of directors of one of our investments. If you asked me four years ago if I thought I’d be on the board and actually be making a difference, I would have said ‘no.’ So I don’t know exactly where it is that my career would ultimately end up, but I don’t see a road block and I don’t see an end to the opportunity right now.”
Scott Eisenberg - Managing Director, GSO      
“Blackstone is the largest alternative investment manager in the world, but what that really means is that we’re investing on behalf of pension plans and pensioners. Just about anywhere you go in the world, you can see real estate Blackstone owns on behalf of our limited partners.”
Kathleen McCarthy - Senior Managing Director, Real Estate      
“A lot of my engineering background was about problem solving, how do you come at a solution and how do you think about it in a new way, and a lot of that is really translatable into finance and working with clients.”
Viral Patel - Managing Director, Tactical Opportunities      




             

















   Back to Top
 








Quick Links



Explore Blackstone



Get in Touch




























© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)

Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer


プライバシー・ポリシー   | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社
金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号
加入協会/ 一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会







Cookie Information and Consent Request
Blackstone Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.

 Learn More 
Continue 







×
Stay up-to-date
Email Alerts


To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
 
 email address (required)  

 first name (required)  
 last name (required)  


 company name  
 job title  



  
Byron Wien Market Commentary
 
  
Blackstone Press Releases
 




    Submit 






 ×
Contact Us
General

For office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. 
 Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000

Email Alerts & Investor Relations

To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.


For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.

Investor Relations Contact Information
  US: +1 888-756-8443
 International: +1 646-313-6590
 BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com 

Media Contacts

For media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.











 









KKR Portfolio | KKR





































Languages


EnglishChinese 简体中文Japanese 日本語Korean 한국어










 
















Toggle navigation





MENU












































×
Drawbridge Realty Fund Investors


By clicking “OK” below, I acknowledge that I have read and understood the following important information:
Access to the KKR Investor Portal is provided to investors in Drawbridge Realty Partners, L.P. (the “Drawbridge Fund”) by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (together with its affiliates, “KKR”) solely in KKR’s capacity as an administrator to the Drawbridge Fund and at the direction of Drawbridge Realty (“Drawbridge”).  Information regarding the Drawbridge Fund accessed through the KKR Investor Portal is confidential and intended for Drawbridge Fund investors only.  The recipient should not distribute this Communication to any person (other than its legal, investment or tax advisors) without the prior consent of Drawbridge.
Drawbridge is an independently managed real estate investment vehicle. KKR has a financial and/or control interest in, and provides certain services to the Drawbridge Fund and/or its sponsor, but KKR is not the investment advisor to the Drawbridge Fund or any portfolio investment of the Drawbridge Fund. Further, KKR is under no obligation to provide the Drawbridge Fund with investment opportunities and in many cases will be prohibited from doing so by KKR’s internal policies and procedures.  No person should rely upon the past performance or reputation of KKR or its investment products when considering any security offered by the Drawbridge Fund or Drawbridge. 

OK









KKR Portfolio











 Email
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 Facebook
















 


SORT


ALPHABETICAL

YEAR



Direction 



ASC                                    



DESC                                    







FILTER

Asset Class 



ALL

ALL
Credit
Energy
Infrastructure
Oil and Gas
Private Equity
Real Estate
Special Situations
TMT Growth




Sub Group 


All Sub Groups

All Sub Groups
Private Equity
Real Assets



Industry 



ALL

ALL

                                        Agriculture

                                        Building Materials

                                        Business Services

                                        Chemicals

                                        Consumer Products

                                        Education

                                        Energy

                                        Financial Services

                                        Forestry

                                        Health Care

                                        Hotels/Leisure

                                        Industrial

                                        Infrastructure

                                        Media/Communications

                                        Oil & Gas

                                        Paper Industry

                                        Power

                                        Real Estate

                                        Retail

                                        Steel

                                        Technology




Geography 




										ALL									


ALL

Americas


Asia-Pacific


Europe, the Middle East and Africa







										ALL									


ALL
Brazil
Canada
United States
Mexico
Australia
China
India
Indonesia
Japan
Korea
Malaysia
Singapore
Taiwan
Vietnam
Denmark
France
Germany
Ireland
Israel
The Netherlands
Norway
Serbia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
United Arab Emirates






Clear ALL








Loading Portfolio Data..











Associated Partners

																				HQ: 
											   Philadelphia, PA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Associated Partners
Associated Partners

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Philadelphia, PA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.associatedpartnerslp.com

Associated Partners is a portfolio of wireless communications infrastructure companies. 


Close










Academy Sports + Outdoors

																				HQ: 
											   Katy, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Academy Sports + Outdoors
Academy Sports + Outdoors

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Katy, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.academy.com/

Academy Sports + Outdoors is a leading value-oriented, lifestyle and sporting goods retailer with over 140 stores located throughout 11 states in the Southeastern U.S. 


Close










ACCO Material Handling Solutions

																				HQ: 
											   York, PA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



ACCO Material Handling Solutions
ACCO Material Handling Solutions

											 
																						HQ: 
											   York, PA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.accomhs.com/

ACCO Material Handling Solutions manufactures a full line of specialty material handling equipment including hoists, monorails, cranes, carts, and trailers. ACCO is part of one portfolio investment along with The Crosby Group. 


Close










Aceco TI

																				HQ: 
											   Sao Paulo, Brazil											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Aceco TI
Aceco TI

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Sao Paulo, Brazil											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://acecoti.com.br

Aceco TI is a leading provider of customized data center design, implementation, and maintenance solutions in Brazil and Latin America.  


Close










Acteon

																				HQ: 
											   Norwich, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Acteon
Acteon

																						   Investment Type: Energy - Private Equity
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Norwich, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012

http://www.acteon.com/

Acteon is a leading UK-based global oilfield services provider focusing on the provision of subsea services and products 


Close










Afriflora

																				HQ: 
											   Aalsmeer, The Netherlands											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Afriflora
Afriflora

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Aalsmeer, The Netherlands											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://afriflora.nl/en/sher-foundation

Afriflora cultivates, produces, and sells sustainably-grown roses. 


Close










Alliant Insurance Services

																				HQ: 
											   Newport Beach, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Alliant Insurance Services
Alliant Insurance Services

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Newport Beach, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012

http://www.alliantinsurance.com/

Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. is one of the largest insurance brokerage firms in the United States, providing property and casualty, workers' compensation, employee benefits, surety, and financial products and services to some 20,000 clients nationwide, including public entities, tribal nations, healthcare, energy, law firms, real estate, construction, and other industry groups. 


Close










Aricent

																				HQ: 
											   Redwood City, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2006



+ Read more



Aricent
Aricent

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Redwood City, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2006

http://www.aricent.com/

Aricent is the world’s #1 pure-play product engineering services firm. They have 25+ years’ experience co-creating ambitious products with the leading networking, telecom, software, semiconductor, Internet and industrial companies.
 
The company helps clients accelerate R&D delivery across three core dimensions: Speed. Quality. Cost. Their 12,000+ designers and engineers focus exclusively on software-powered innovation for the connected world – and their work is distinguished by deep client partnerships, proven engineering discipline and flexible engagement models. 


Close










Bis Industries Limited

																				HQ: 
											   North Sydney, Australia											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2006



+ Read more



Bis Industries Limited
Bis Industries Limited

											 
																						HQ: 
											   North Sydney, Australia											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2006

http://www.bislimited.com/

Bis Industries is the leading provider of specialist logistics solutions to the resources sector in Australia. 


Close










China International Capital Corporation Limited

																				HQ: 
											   Beijing, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



China International Capital Corporation Limited
China International Capital Corporation Limited

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Beijing, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.cicc.com.cn/CICC/english/index.htm

China International Capital Corporation Limited is a leading investment bank in China, providing a wide range of investment banking services to Chinese and multinational clients, including equity and debt underwriting, M&A advisory, brokerage, asset management, and proprietary trading. 


Close










China Outfitters Holdings Limited

																				HQ: 
											   Shanghai, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



China Outfitters Holdings Limited
China Outfitters Holdings Limited

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Shanghai, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.cohl.hk/

China Outfitters Holdings Limited is a leading menswear-focused apparel design, manufacturing and sales company with an extensive sales network comprising over 1,000 stores across China. 


Close










COFCO Meat

																				HQ: 
											   Beijing, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



COFCO Meat
COFCO Meat

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Beijing, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://cofco-joycome.com

COFCO Meat is a leading modern industrialized and integrated food company engaged in hog production, processing, distribution, and meat imports and exports. 


Close










Coffee Day Resorts

																				HQ: 
											   Bangalore, India											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



Coffee Day Resorts
Coffee Day Resorts

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Bangalore, India											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.cafecoffeeday.com/

Coffee Day Resorts is a privately held company with ownership in various operating subsidiaries, including a substantial majority stake in Amalgamated Bean Coffee Trading Company ("ABC"), which is India's largest food and beverage retailer through its nationwide chain of coffee shops operating under the brand CCD (Caf&eacute; Coffee Day). CCD is one of India's fastest-growing chains of coffee shops with more than 1,275 cafes in over 125 cities across India. 


Close










Cognita Schools

																				HQ: 
											   Milton Keynes, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Cognita Schools
Cognita Schools

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Milton Keynes, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.cognitaschools.com/

Cognita Schools is an international independent schools group offering K-12 private education across the globe. 


Close










The Crosby Group

																				HQ: 
											   Tulsa, OK, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



The Crosby Group
Crosby Group

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Tulsa, OK, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.thecrosbygroup.com/

The Crosby Group is a leading, global provider of lifting and rigging equipment including shackles, blocks, sheaves, hooks, and other engineered solutions. 


Close










Energy Future Holdings Corp.

																				HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2007



+ Read more



Energy Future Holdings Corp.
Energy Future Holdings Corp.

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2007

http://www.energyfutureholdings.com/

Energy Future Holdings Corp. manages a portfolio of competitive and regulated energy subsidiaries consisting of TXU Energy, a competitive electricity retailer, Luminant, a competitive power generation business, including mining, wholesale marketing and trading, and construction, and Oncor, a regulated electric distribution and transmission business. 


Close










First Data Corporation

																				HQ: 
											   Atlanta, GA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2007



+ Read more



First Data Corporation
First Data Corporation

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Atlanta, GA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2007

http://www.firstdata.com/

First Data Corporation is the global leader of payment technology and services solutions for merchants, financial institutions and card issuers globally, with operations in 35 countries, serving over 6 million merchant locations and over 3,500 financial institutions.
 


Close










Gardner Denver

																				HQ: 
											   Milwaukee, WI, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Gardner Denver
Gardner Denver

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Milwaukee, WI, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.gardnerdenver.com/

Gardner Denver is a leading global manufacturer of highly engineered industrial flow control machinery including compressors, blowers, pumps, and fluid transfer systems. 


Close










Go Daddy

																				HQ: 
											   Scottsdale, AZ, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Go Daddy
Go Daddy

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Scottsdale, AZ, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.godaddy.com/

Go Daddy is a leading provider of domain name registration, web-hosting, and other cloud-based services and software primarily to small-and-medium-sized businesses. 


Close










Internet Brands

																				HQ: 
											   El Segundo, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Internet Brands
Internet Brands

											 
																						HQ: 
											   El Segundo, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.internetbrands.com

Internet Brands brings together a diversified portfolio of software, data services, hosting and marketing services, and websites in the auto, health, legal, and home/travel categories.  


Close










Lake Region Medical

																				HQ: 
											   Wilmington, MA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2005



+ Read more



Lake Region Medical
Lake Region Medical

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Wilmington, MA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2005

http://www.lakeregionmedical.com/

Lake Region Medical is the largest provider of fully integrated outsourced manufacturing and engineering services to the medical device industry. 


Close










Laureate International Universities

																				HQ: 
											   Baltimore, MD, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2007



+ Read more



Laureate International Universities
Laureate International Universities

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Baltimore, MD, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2007

http://www.laureate.net/

Laureate International Universities is a trusted global leader in providing access to high-quality, innovative higher education institutions, including more than 72 accredited campus-based and online universities around the world. Today, Laureate universities have over 780,000 students globally working towards undergraduate, master's and doctoral degree programs in architecture, art, business, culinary arts, design, education, engineering, health sciences, hospitality management, information technology, law and medicine. 


Close










Magma Fincorp

																				HQ: 
											   Kolkata, India											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Magma Fincorp
Magma Fincorp

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Kolkata, India											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.magma.co.in/

Magma Fincorp is a non-banking finance company (NBFC") focused on the rural / semi-urban market that provides financing for autos (cars, UVs and CVs), construction equipment, used CVs, tractors and SME loans through a pan-India network of branches. 


Close










Maxeda B.V.

																				HQ: 
											   Amsterdam, The Netherlands											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2004



+ Read more



Maxeda B.V.
Maxeda B.V.

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Amsterdam, The Netherlands											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2004

http://www.maxeda.com/

Maxeda B.V. is the leading DIY retailer in the Benelux with over 350 stores and 1.1 million square meters of retail space. 


Close










Mitchell International

																				HQ: 
											   San Diego, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Mitchell International
Mitchell International

											 
																						HQ: 
											   San Diego, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.mitchell.com

Mitchell International is a leading technology and related services vendor in the auto property and casualty claims and workers' compensation insurance sectors. 


Close










MMI Holdings Limited

																				HQ: 
											   Singapore											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2007



+ Read more



MMI Holdings Limited
MMI Holdings Limited

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Singapore											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2007

http://www.mmi.com.sg/

MMI Holdings is an engaged in the manufacture of precision machining and assembly components for customers in various industries, such as data storage, photonics, communications, semiconductor equipment, automotive and industrial automation. 


Close










Northgate Information Solutions Limited

																				HQ: 
											   Hemel Hempstead, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2008



+ Read more



Northgate Information Solutions Limited
Northgate Information Solutions Limited

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Hemel Hempstead, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2008

http://www.northgate-is.com/

Northgate Information Solutions is a leading global provider of specialist software and outsourcing solutions to the human resources and public service sectors. 


Close










Novo Holdco Limited

																				HQ: 
											   Hong Kong, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Novo Holdco Limited
Novo Holdco Limited

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Hong Kong, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012

http://www.novoconcept.com.cn/

Novo Holdco is a fast growing fashion apparel retailer focused on the 18-30 age demographic in China. 


Close










Panasonic Healthcare

																				HQ: 
											   Tokyo, Japan											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Panasonic Healthcare
Panasonic Healthcare

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Tokyo, Japan											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.panasonic-healthcare.com/

Panasonic Healthcare is a  leading provider of diabetes monitoring systems, specialized laboratory equipment, and clinical healthcare IT systems in Japan and worldwide. 


Close










Pets at Home

																				HQ: 
											   Handforth, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



Pets at Home
Pets at Home

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Handforth, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.petsathome.com/

Pets at Home is a leading U.K.-based specialty retailer of pet food and accessories and provider of pet-related services including grooming and veterinary services. 


Close










PortAventura

																				HQ: 
											   Tarragona, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



PortAventura
PortAventura

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Tarragona, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.portaventura.co.uk/

PortAventura is a leading family-oriented theme park, water park and destination resort in Southern Europe, near Barcelona. 


Close










RigNet

																				HQ: 
											   Houston, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



RigNet
RigNet

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Houston, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.rig.net/

RigNet is a global provider of managed remote communications solutions, systems integration, and collaborative applications to the global upstream energy sector across the life of the field. 


Close










Rundong Automobile Group

																				HQ: 
											   Jiangsu Province, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



Rundong Automobile Group
Rundong Automobile Group

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Jiangsu Province, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.rndong-auto.com.cn

Rundong Automobile Group is a leading car dealership company in eastern China with a diversified portfolio of renowned luxury car brands. 


Close










Santanol

																				HQ: 
											   Perth, Australia											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Santanol
Santanol

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Perth, Australia											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



Santanol is a sandalwood plantation manager, managing approximately 2,100 hectares of Indian sandalwood in northern West Australia (Kununurra). Sandalwood, and its oil, is used  in perfumes, carvings, incense, toiletries, and medicine amongst other products. 


Close










Sedgwick

																				HQ: 
											   Memphis, TN, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Sedgwick
Sedgwick

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Memphis, TN, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.sedgwick.com/

Sedgwick is a leading provider of customized, fully-integrated claims management solutions to U.S. corporations, public entities and insurance carriers. 


Close










SMCP

																				HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



SMCP
SMCP

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



SMCP is a leading ready-to-wear affordable luxury apparel retailing group operating across 4 distinct brands: Sandro, Maje, Claudie Pierlot and Sandro Men. 


Close










Sonos

																				HQ: 
											   Santa Barbara, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Sonos
Sonos

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Santa Barbara, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012

http://www.sonos.com/

Sonos is a leading provider of wireless audio and home theater products for the connected home. The Company's unique multi-room wireless technology and proprietary software allow users to easily play and stream audio and video content throughout the home. 


Close










Engility

																				HQ: 
											   Chantilly, VA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2009



+ Read more



Engility
Engility

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Chantilly, VA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2009

http://www.engilitycorp.com/

Engility (fka TASC) is a premier provider of advanced systems engineering and integration services across the Intelligence Community, Department of Defense and civilian agencies of the federal government. 


Close










Toys"R" Us, Inc.

																				HQ: 
											   Wayne, NJ, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2005



+ Read more



Toys"R" Us, Inc.
Toys"R" Us, Inc.

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Wayne, NJ, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2005

http://www.toysrus.com/

Toys "R" Us is one of the world's leading specialty toy and juvenile products retailers, selling merchandise globally through more than 1,600 stores in over 34 countries, and through the company's websites. 


Close










US Foods

																				HQ: 
											   Chicago, IL, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2007



+ Read more



US Foods
US Foods

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Chicago, IL, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2007

http://www.usfoods.com/

US Foods is the second-largest broadline foodservice distributor in the U.S., providing food and related products to independent restaurants, healthcare and hospitality customers, educational institutions and prominent multi-unit restaurant companies. 


Close










Van Gansewinkel Groep bv

																				HQ: 
											   Eindhoven, The Netherlands											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2006



+ Read more



Van Gansewinkel Groep bv
Van Gansewinkel Groep bv

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Eindhoven, The Netherlands											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2006

http://www.vangansewinkelgroep.com/

Van Gansewinkel Groep is the largest waste management and processing company in the Benelux, engaging in the collection and processing waste into high quality raw materials. The company serves a diverse range of industries and specializes in recycling waste such as electronics, wood, plastics, glass, paper, hazardous waste and construction and demolition materials. The company has significant operations throughout Europe. 


Close










VATS Liquor Chain Store Management Co, Ltd.

																				HQ: 
											   Beijing, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



VATS Liquor Chain Store Management Co, Ltd.
VATS Liquor Chain Store Management Co, Ltd.

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Beijing, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.vatsliquor.com/en/

VATS Liquor Store is the largest nationwide liquor store chain operator in China. The company operates more than 270 liquor stores covering all provinces in mainland China and offers high quality liquor products through an extensive nationwide retail network. In addition, the company owns sole distribution rights to a diversified portfolio of leading Chinese liquor brands and distributes a number of local and international premium products. 


Close










Visant Corporation

																				HQ: 
											   Armonk, NY, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2004



+ Read more



Visant Corporation
Visant Corporation

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Armonk, NY, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2004

http://www.visant.net/

Visant is a leading marketing and publishing services enterprise servicing the school affinity, direct marketing, fragrance and cosmetics sampling, and educational and trade publishing segments. 


Close










Visma

																				HQ: 
											   Oslo, Norway											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



Visma
Visma

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Oslo, Norway											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.visma.com/

Visma is a leading Norwegian-based technology company that delivers ERP software and services such as accounting, tax and payroll applications, to over 300,000 SME customers in the Nordic region. 


Close







                                		 Weld North Holdings LLC                                		





Weld North Holdings LLC

																				HQ: 
											   Greenwich, CT, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Weld North Holdings LLC
Weld North Holdings LLC

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Greenwich, CT, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.weldnorth.com/

Weld North Holdings LLC is a partnership with Jonathan Grayer, former Chairman & CEO of Kaplan, Inc., concentrating on education, health and wellness, consumer services and marketing businesses. 


Close










Weststar Aviation Services

																				HQ: 
											   Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Weststar Aviation Services
Weststar Aviation Services

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.weststar-aviation.aero

Weststar Aviation Services is one of the largest providers of offshore helicopter transportation services to oil and gas companies in the South East Asia region. 


Close







                                		 Broadway Mall                                		





Broadway Mall

																				HQ: 
											   Nassau County, Long Island, NY, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Broadway Mall
Broadway Mall

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Nassau County, Long Island, NY, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014



1.1 million square foot regional mall in Hicksville, New York (Nassau County, Long Island). 


Close







                                		 Colonie Center                                		





Colonie Center

																				HQ: 
											   Albany, NY, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Colonie Center
Colonie Center

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Albany, NY, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



1.3 mm square foot super-regional mall located in Albany, NY 


Close







                                		 Castel French Shopping Centers                                		





Castel French Shopping Centers

																				HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Castel French Shopping Centers
Castel French Shopping Centers

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014



Joint-venture with Seefar, a portfolio of four shopping centres (Les Quais d'Ivry in Ivry-sur-Seine, La Grande Porte in Montreuil, L'espace du Palais in Rouen and La Mayenne in Laval) from Corio 


Close







                                		 Del Monte Center                                		





Del Monte Center

																				HQ: 
											   Pittsburgh, PA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Del Monte Center
Del Monte Center

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Pittsburgh, PA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012



270,000 square foot office building with lead tenant and KKR Portfolio Company Del Monte Foods on the North Shore of Pittsburgh, PA 


Close







                                		 Harvest Hills                                		





Harvest Hills

																				HQ: 
											   Williston, ND, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Harvest Hills
Harvest Hills

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Williston, ND, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012



164-acre residential development site authorized for 810 apartments and 727 residential lots in Williston, ND. 


Close







                                		 Legends Outlet Center                                		





Legends Outlet Center

																				HQ: 
											   Kansas City, KS, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Legends Outlet Center
Legends Outlet Center

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Kansas City, KS, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



~1.1 mm square foot hybrid outlet and entertainment center in Kansas City, KS. 


Close







                                		 Pinto Business Park                                		





Pinto Business Park

																				HQ: 
											   Houston, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Pinto Business Park
Pinto Business Park

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Houston, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012



Strategic partnership (or joint venture) with global real estate company Hines, to pursue industrial build-to-suit projects on 970-acre site in Houston, TX 


Close







                                		 Queens Moat Hotels                                		





Queens Moat Hotels

																				HQ: 
											   United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Queens Moat Hotels
Queens Moat Hotels

											 
																						HQ: 
											   United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012



Owner and operator of 57 limited service / 3-4 star hotels across the UK, 47, and the Netherlands with 3,250 employees 


Close







                                		 River Plaza Paris                                		





River Plaza Paris

																				HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



River Plaza Paris
River Plaza Paris

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



27k sqm high quality office building by the River Seine, located in Asni?es-sur-Seine, Paris. 


Close







                                		 Sentio Healthcare Properties, Inc.                                		





Sentio Healthcare Properties, Inc.

																				HQ: 
											   FL, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Sentio Healthcare Properties, Inc.
Sentio Healthcare Properties, Inc.

											 
																						HQ: 
											   FL, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



~$280 million healthcare real estate portfolio with an existing base of 20 diversified assets. 


Close







                                		 UK Retail Park Property Portfolio                                		





UK Retail Park Property Portfolio

																				HQ: 
											   United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013/2014



+ Read more



UK Retail Park Property Portfolio
UK Retail Park Property Portfolio

											 
																						HQ: 
											   United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013/2014



Retail Park Portfolio made up of multi-let retail warehouse space in Oxford, Glasgow, Sunderland, and Birmingham with a combination of food, shopping, retail outlets and bulky goods consent. 


Close







                                		 Yorktown Center                                		





Yorktown Center

																				HQ: 
											   Lombard, IL, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Yorktown Center
Yorktown Center

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Lombard, IL, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012



1.5 mm square foot super-regional mall in Lombard, IL. 


Close







                                		 KKR Natural Resources                                		





KKR Natural Resources

																		Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



KKR Natural Resources
KKR Natural Resources

																						   Investment Type: Energy – Real Assets
											 
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010



Portfolio of mature oil and gas assets 


Close










Accelerated Oil Technologies

																				HQ: 
											   New York, NY, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Accelerated Oil Technologies
Accelerated Oil Technologies

																						   Investment Type: Energy - Private Equity
											 
																						HQ: 
											   New York, NY, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.acceleratedoil.com/

Joint venture focused on acquiring oilfields in North America with the objective of enhancing production through the application of Enhanced Oil Recovery Technologies 


Close







                                		 Quicksilver Resources                                		





Quicksilver Resources

																		Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Quicksilver Resources
Quicksilver Resources

																						   Investment Type: Energy – Real Assets
											 
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011



Structured midstream partnership with an oil and gas producer focused on unconventional natural gas exploration, production, and development. 


Close







                                		 Comstock Resources                                		





Comstock Resources

																				HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Comstock Resources
Comstock Resources

																						   Investment Type: Energy – Real Assets
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012



Partnership with Comstock Resources, a Texas-based oil and gas producer, to develop oil and gas assets in the Eagle Ford Shale 


Close










Westbrick Energy

																				HQ: 
											   Calgary, Canada											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2012



+ Read more



Westbrick Energy
Westbrick Energy

																						   Investment Type: Energy - Private Equity
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Calgary, Canada											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2012

http://www.westbrick.ca/

Westbrick is an oil and gas company with operations in the greater Pembina area of Alberta with over 70,000 net acres of oil and gas rights. 


Close







                                		 Cinco Resources                                		





Cinco Resources

																				HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Cinco Resources
Cinco Resources

																						   Investment Type: Energy - Real Assets
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



Partnership with Cinco Resources, a Texas-based oil and gas producer, to develop oil and gas assets in the Eagle Ford Shale 


Close







                                		 EXCO Resources                                		





EXCO Resources

																				HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



EXCO Resources
EXCO Resources

																						   Investment Type: Energy - Real Assets
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Dallas, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



Joint acquisition and drilling partnership on a portion of Chesapeake Energy's undeveloped acreage in the oil window of the Eagle Ford Shale in south Texas 


Close







                                		 FlowStream Commodities                                		





FlowStream Commodities

																				HQ: 
											   Zug, Switzerland											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



FlowStream Commodities
FlowStream Commodities

																						   Investment Type: Energy - Private Equity
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Zug, Switzerland											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



Switzerland-headquartered company focused on acquiring existing oil & gas gross overriding royalties (GOR) and net profit interests (NPIs) as well as creating streams 


Close







                                		 Torq                                		





Torq

																				HQ: 
											   Calgary, Canada											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



Torq
Torq

																						   Investment Type: Energy - Private Equity
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Calgary, Canada											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013



Calgary-based private company focused on the transportation of crude oil from Western Canada 


Close










Colonial Pipeline Company

																				HQ: 
											   Alpharetta, GA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



Colonial Pipeline Company
Colonial Pipeline Company

																						   Investment Type: Energy and Infrastructure - Private Equity
											 
																						HQ: 
											   Alpharetta, GA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.colpipe.com/

Largest refined product pipeline in North America 


Close










European Locomotive Leasing (ELL)

																				HQ: 
											   Munich, Germany											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



European Locomotive Leasing (ELL)
European Locomotive Leasing (ELL)

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Munich, Germany											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.ell.co.at

European Locomotive Leasing provides full-service locomotive leasing solutions to the European railway industry. 


Close










Saba Infraestructuras

																				HQ: 
											   Barcelona, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Saba Infraestructuras
Saba Infraestructuras

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Barcelona, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.saba.es

A leading European parking assets operator.  


Close










South Staffordshire plc

																				HQ: 
											   Walsall, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



South Staffordshire plc
South Staffordshire plc

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Walsall, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.south-staffordshire.com/

A UK water company that owns/operates two regulated water concessions solely responsible for the integrated water supply chain in the West Midlands and Cambridge areas in the UK, as well as a smaller non-regulated business that provides specialist services to other UK water companies and utilities under medium-long term contracts. 


Close










SunTap Energy I

																				HQ: 
											   San Francisco, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



SunTap Energy I
SunTap Energy I

											 
																						HQ: 
											   San Francisco, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.recurrentenergy.com/

A joint venture with Recurrent Energy to invest in solar photovoltaic (PV) facilities, including a portfolio of facilities serving the Sacramento Municipal Utility District. 


Close










SunTap Energy II

																				HQ: 
											   United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



SunTap Energy II
SunTap Energy II

											 
																						HQ: 
											   United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.recurrentenergy.com/

Acquired additional solar photovoltaic electric generating facilities from joint venture with Recurrent Energy. 


Close










T-Solar Global Operating Assets

																				HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



T-Solar Global Operating Assets
T-Solar Global Operating Assets

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.tsolar.com/en/portal.do

T-Solar Global Operating Assets is one of the largest solar photovoltaic operating platform in Europe with 168 MW of installed capacity across Spain and Italy. 


Close










Vanke Wuhan Optics Valley

																				HQ: 
											   Wuhan City, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Vanke Wuhan Optics Valley
Vanke Wuhan Optics Valley

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Wuhan City, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://wh.vanke.com/wkjc/ 

Wuhan Optics is a 2.2mm square foot gross floor area development project, comprised primarily of high-rise residential, with complementary offices and podium retail. 


Close










Qingdao Haier

																				HQ: 
											   Qingdao, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Qingdao Haier
Qingdao Haier

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Qingdao, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.haier.net/en/

Qingdao Haier is a leading white goods brand in China that designs, manufactures, and sells consumer electronics and home appliances. 


Close










Trainline

																				HQ: 
											   London, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Trainline
Trainline

											 
																						HQ: 
											   London, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.thetrainline.com/

Trainline is a leading digital distribution platform for train tickets in the UK. 


Close










Pioneer DJ Corporation

																				HQ: 
											   Kawasaki, Japan											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Pioneer DJ Corporation
Pioneer DJ Corporation

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Kawasaki, Japan											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://pioneerdj.com/

Pioneer DJ develops and markets equipment for disc jockeys, including DJ players, mixers, controllers, headphones, and speakers 


Close










Arbor Pharmaceuticals

																				HQ: 
											   Atlanta, GA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Arbor Pharmaceuticals
Arbor Pharmaceuticals 

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Atlanta, GA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://arborpharma.com/

Arbor Pharmaceuticals is a specialty pharmaceutical company with a diversified portfolio of branded products across multiple therapeutic areas for the cardiovascular, pediatric, and hospital markets as well as generic products through its Wilshire division. 


Close










Scout24 Schweiz

																				HQ: 
											   Flamatt, Switzerland											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Scout24 Schweiz
Scout24 Schweiz

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Flamatt, Switzerland											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.scout24.ch/

Scout24 Schweiz is the leading online classifieds platform in Switzerland. We are also invested in its sister company Omnimedia, a leading digital marketing agency in Switzerland. Scout24 Schweiz and Omnimedia are two subsidiaries of Ringier, Switzerland’s largest media company and a 180 year-old family owned business. 


Close










Goodpack

																				HQ: 
											   Singapore											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Goodpack
Goodpack

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Singapore											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.goodpack.com/

Goodpack is the largest provider of multi-modal and re-usable intermediate bulk containers (“IBC”) globally with a fleet of 3.2 million IBCs and over 5,000 delivery and collection points. 


Close










BrightView

																				HQ: 
											   Rockville, MD, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



BrightView
BrightView

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Rockville, MD, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

https://www.brightview.com/

BrightView is a leading provider of commercial landscape maintenance and snow removal services in the U.S. 


Close










Savant Systems

																				HQ: 
											   Hyannis, MA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Savant Systems
Savant Systems

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Hyannis, MA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

https://www.savant.com/

Savant is a leading provider of automation and control solutions for the connected home, enabling consumers to integrate music, video, lighting, temperature, security, communications and other functionalities into a unified home automation solution. 


Close










Sundrop Farms

																				HQ: 
											   Adelaide, Australia and London, England, Asia-Pacific											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Sundrop Farms
Sundrop Farms

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Adelaide, Australia and London, England, Asia-Pacific											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.sundropfarms.com

Sundrop Farms is a specialized developer and operator of greenhouse installations designed for semi-arid regions which have traditionally been unsuitable for agriculture. The system developed by Sundrop uses solar energy to cool, heat, and power high-tech greenhouse facilities and desalinated seawater for irrigation. 


Close







                                		 World Trade Centre                                		





World Trade Centre

																				HQ: 
											   Melbourne, Australia											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



World Trade Centre
World Trade Centre

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Melbourne, Australia											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014



Towers 2, 3 and 4 of the World Trade Center is a 530,000 square-foot office complex on the edge of the Melbourne central business district, jointly acquired by KKR and Abacus, a listed REIT in Australia. 


Close







                                		 Nevis Shopping Centers                                		





Nevis Shopping Centers

																				HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Nevis Shopping Centers
Nevis Shopping Centers

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014



Two retail and leisure parks in Madrid and Zamora 


Close







                                		 K Twin Towers                                		





K Twin Towers

																				HQ: 
											   Seoul, Korea											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



K Twin Towers
K Twin Towers

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Seoul, Korea											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014



K Twin Towers is a premium-grade commercial property located in the Gwanghwamun precinct within the Seoul central business district.  


Close










National Vision

																				HQ: 
											   Lawrenceville, GA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



National Vision
National Vision

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Lawrenceville, GA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.nationalvision.com/

National Vision is the largest optical retailer in the U.S. focused exclusively on the fast-growing value segment with over 700 retail locations. 


Close










Gland Pharma Limited

																				HQ: 
											   Hyderabad, India											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Gland Pharma Limited
Gland Pharma Limited

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Hyderabad, India											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.glandpharma.com

Gland Pharma Limited is a leading pure-play developer and manufacturer of generic injectables formulations across a wide spectrum of therapeutic areas and markets its products through partnerships with leading global pharmaceutical companies. 


Close










SBB/Telemach Group

																				HQ: 
											   Belgrade, Serbia											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



SBB/Telemach Group
SBB/Telemach Group

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Belgrade, Serbia											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.the-united-group.com/

SBB/Telemach Group is a leading Pay-TV, telephony and broadband operator in South East Europe. 


Close










Ambea AB

																				HQ: 
											   Stockholm, Sweden											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2010



+ Read more



Ambea AB
Ambea AB

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Stockholm, Sweden											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2010

http://www.ambea.com/

Ambea AB is one of the largest healthcare and care providers in the Nordic region, with strong positions in both Sweden and Finland. 


Close










PRA Health Sciences

																				HQ: 
											   Raleigh, NC, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2013



+ Read more



PRA Health Sciences
PRA Health Sciences

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Raleigh, NC, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2013

http://www.prainternational.com

PRA International is a leading contract research organization that performs clinical trials combining therapeutic and operational expertise with local knowledge to serve clients across all phases of drug development. 


Close










Acciona Energia Internacional

																				HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Acciona Energia Internacional
Acciona Energia Internacional

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.acciona-energia.com/

Joint Venture between Acciona S.A. and KKR comprised of 2.3 gigawatts of renewable generating assets spread across 12 countries. 


Close










Channel Control Merchants

																				HQ: 
											   Hattiesburg, MS, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Channel Control Merchants
Channel Control Merchants

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Hattiesburg, MS, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.channelcontrolmerchants.com/

Channel Control Merchants is a deep value retailer and wholesaler of opportunistic secondary market inventories, with particular expertise in the purchase and resale of store level inventories. 


Close










Sunner Development

																				HQ: 
											   Nanping, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Sunner Development
Sunner Development

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Nanping, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.sunnercn.com/index.aspx

Sunner Development is China’s leading vertically integrated chicken meat producer. 


Close










Ticket Monster Inc.

																				HQ: 
											   Seoul, Korea											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Ticket Monster Inc.
Ticket Monster Inc.

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Seoul, Korea											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.ticketmonster.co.kr/home

Ticket Monster (TMON) is a leading mobile-first, e-commerce platform that provides a premium online and mobile shopping experience to customers across South Korea. TMON offers a curated selection of discounted items across the categories of Goods, Local Services, and Travel. 


Close










Uxin

																				HQ: 
											   Wangjing, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Uxin
Uxin

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Wangjing, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.uxin.com/

Professional online transaction service provider for used cars. 


Close










Yuehai Feed Group Co. Ltd.

																				HQ: 
											   Zhanjiang, Guangdong, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Yuehai Feed Group Co. Ltd.
Yuehai Feed Group Co. Ltd.

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Zhanjiang, Guangdong, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.yuehaifeed.com/

Aquatic feed company in China focused on providing feed and nutrition solutions for shrimp and seawater fish farming. 


Close










C.H.I. Overhead Doors

																				HQ: 
											   Arthur, IL, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



C.H.I. Overhead Doors
C.H.I. Overhead Doors

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Arthur, IL, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://chiohd.com/

CHI is a leading manufacturer of built-to-order overhead sectional and rolling steel garage doors. 


Close










Sungard Availability Services

																				HQ: 
											   Wayne, PA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Sungard Availability Services
Sungard Availability Services

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Wayne, PA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.sungardas.com

Sungard Availability Services spun-out of Sungard Data Systems in 2014. The company provides a variety of managed IT services, including enterprise cloud, application management, IT consulting, disaster recovery services, and more. 


Close










Japfa Comfeed Tbk

																				HQ: 
											   Jakarta, Indonesia											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Japfa Comfeed Tbk
Japfa Comfeed Tbk

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Jakarta, Indonesia											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

https://www.japfacomfeed.co.id/en

Poultry feed, day-old chick and processed chicken company in Indonesia. 


Close










Joulon

																				HQ: 
											   Dubai, United Arab Emirates											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Joulon
Joulon

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Dubai, United Arab Emirates											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.joulon.com/

Joulon is an integrated platform providing asset management services to the oil and gas industry globally. 


Close










Emerald Media

																				HQ: 
											   Hong Kong, China											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Emerald Media
Emerald Media

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Hong Kong, China											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://emeraldmedia.asia/index.html

Emerald Media is a Pan-Asian platform that provides growth capital to media, entertainment and digital media companies and looks to acquire control or significant minority positions in growing public and private media companies. 


Close










Avendus Capital

																				HQ: 
											    Mumbai, India											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Avendus Capital
Avendus Capital

											 
																						HQ: 
											    Mumbai, India											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.avendus.com/india

A leading investment banking franchise in India. 


Close










X-ELIO (fka Gestamp Asetym Solar)

																				HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



X-ELIO (fka Gestamp Asetym Solar)
X-ELIO (fka Gestamp Asetym Solar)

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.x-elio.com/

Global developer and operator of solar photovoltaic plants. 


Close










Veresen Midstream LP

																				HQ: 
											   Calgary, Alberta, Canada											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Veresen Midstream LP
Veresen Midstream LP

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Calgary, Alberta, Canada											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://veresenmidstream.com/

Veresen Midstream is a leading independent natural gas gathering and processing business in Western Canada. 


Close










Deutsche Glasfaser

																				HQ: 
											   Borken, Germany											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Deutsche Glasfaser
Deutsche Glasfaser

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Borken, Germany											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

https://www.deutsche-glasfaser.de/privatkunden/

German based provider of fiber-to-the-home network. 


Close










Renvico Renewable Energy (fka Sorgenia) 

																				HQ: 
											   Maisons-Laffitte, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2011



+ Read more



Renvico Renewable Energy (fka Sorgenia) 
Renvico Renewable Energy (fka Sorgenia)

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Maisons-Laffitte, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2011

http://www.renvicoenergy.com/

Renvico Renewable Energy is a leading wind farm owner/operator in France with an operating assets portfolio of 152.6 MW (spread across 15 wind farms) and an authorized assets portfolio of 94.9 MW (spread across nine wind farms). 


Close










Webhelp

																				HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Webhelp
Webhelp

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.webhelp.com/

A leading European player in the Customer Relationship Management Business Process Outsourcing sector. 


Close










Mills Fleet Farm

																				HQ: 
											    Appleton, WI, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Mills Fleet Farm
Mills Fleet Farm

											 
																						HQ: 
											    Appleton, WI, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.fleetfarm.com/

Midwestern, value-based retailer of lifestyle merchandise serving DIY, outdoor, and active families. 


Close










LGC

																				HQ: 
											   London, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



LGC
LGC

											 
																						HQ: 
											   London, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.lgcgroup.com/

Global measurement and testing company for life sciences and other applied end-markets. 


Close










Välinge

																				HQ: 
											    Viken, Sweden											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Välinge
Välinge

											 
																						HQ: 
											    Viken, Sweden											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

https://www.valinge.se/

Swedish R&D company focused on developing innovative solutions for the global wood flooring and furniture industries. 


Close










Mandala Energy

																				HQ: 
											   Singapore											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Mandala Energy
Mandala Energy

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Singapore											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://mandalaenergy.com/

Mandala Energy is a Southeast Asia-focused oil and gas exploration and production company, founded in March 2015. It focuses on assets across diverse fiscal regimes within established plays in Southeast Asia spanning the full cycle of exploration, development and production. 


Close










Air Medical Group Holdings

																				HQ: 
											   Lewisville, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Air Medical Group Holdings
Air Medical Group Holdings

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Lewisville, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015



Air Medical Group Holdings is a leading provider of emergency air medical transportation services to individuals with critical health issues or injuries. 


Close










Go-Jek

																				HQ: 
											   Jakarta, Indonesia											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Go-Jek
Go-Jek

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Jakarta, Indonesia											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

https://www.go-jek.com/

Mobile application-based platform in Indonesia that provides a range of services such as ride hailing, food delivery, lifestyle services, and mobile payments. 


Close










Ultimate Fighting Championship

																				HQ: 
											   Las Vegas, Nevada, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Ultimate Fighting Championship
Ultimate Fighting Championship

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Las Vegas, Nevada, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.ufc.com/

The Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) is the premier mixed martial arts sports brand and the largest pay-per-view event provider in the world. 


Close










PEMEX

																				HQ: 
											   Mexico City, Mexico											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



PEMEX
PEMEX

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Mexico City, Mexico											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.pemex.com/en/Paginas/default.aspx

Strategic oil and gas infrastructure assets. 


Close










Cylance

																				HQ: 
											   Irvine, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Cylance
Cylance

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Irvine, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

https://www.cylance.com/

Next-generation endpoint security platform based on artificial intelligence 


Close










DoubleDutch

																				HQ: 
											   San Francisco, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



DoubleDutch
DoubleDutch

											 
																						HQ: 
											   San Francisco, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://doubledutch.me

Live engagement marketing solutions for the global events industry 


Close










FanDuel

																				HQ: 
											   New York, NY / Edinburgh, UK, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



FanDuel
FanDuel

											 
																						HQ: 
											   New York, NY / Edinburgh, UK, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

https://www.fanduel.com/

Leading daily fantasy sports company, offering one-day contests across a variety of sports.  


Close










Jitterbit

																				HQ: 
											   2016, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Jitterbit
Jitterbit

											 
																						HQ: 
											   2016, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.jitterbit.com/

Cloud-based data integration platform-as-a-service 


Close










Magic Leap

																				HQ: 
											   Dania, FL, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Magic Leap
Magic Leap

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Dania, FL, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.magicleap.com

Developer of augmented reality devices and ecosystem 


Close










Starry

																				HQ: 
											   Boston, MA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Starry
Starry

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Boston, MA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.starry.com

Produces Wi-Fi routers and offers wireless Internet service delivered via high-frequency millimeter wave technology 


Close










Texture

																				HQ: 
											   Menlo Park, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Texture
Texture

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Menlo Park, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.texture.com 

Mobile application that provides unlimited access to premium magazine content 


Close










Transphorm

																				HQ: 
											   Goleta, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Transphorm
Transphorm

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Goleta, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.transphormusa.com

Global semiconductor company that develops gallium nitride (GaN) FETs for high-voltage power conversion applications.  


Close










Clicktale

																				HQ: 
											   Tel Aviv, Israel											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Clicktale
Clicktale

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Tel Aviv, Israel											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.clicktale.com

Customer experience analytics software to optimize a user's online journey. 


Close










Arago

																				HQ: 
											   Frankfurt, Germany											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Arago
Arago

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Frankfurt, Germany											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.arago.co

IT automation solutions based on artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities. 


Close










Optimal+

																				HQ: 
											   Holon, Israel											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Optimal+
Optimal+

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Holon, Israel											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.optimalplus.com

Big data-enabled business intelligence software for the semi & electronics industries. 


Close










GetYourGuide

																				HQ: 
											   Berlin, Germany											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



GetYourGuide
GetYourGuide

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Berlin, Germany											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.getyourguide.com

Online marketplace for discovering and booking travel tours and activities. 


Close










Darktrace

																				HQ: 
											   Cambridge, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Darktrace
Darktrace

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Cambridge, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.darktrace.com

Machine learning enabled cyber-security solutions for network security and advanced threat detection. 


Close










SoftwareONE

																				HQ: 
											   Zurich, Switzerland											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



SoftwareONE
SoftwareONE

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Zurich, Switzerland											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.softwareone.com

SoftwareONE is a leading provider of Software Portfolio Management (SPM) including software licensing, software asset management, technology consulting and cloud services to more than 12,000 corporate customers in 115 countries. 


Close










Selecta

																				HQ: 
											   Cham, Switzerland											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Selecta
Selecta

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Cham, Switzerland											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.selecta.com/

Selecta is a leading European vending machine operator and office coffee service provider. The company has over 4,000 employees, serving 5 million consumers every day through 150,000 point-of-sales. 


Close










Ursa

																				HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Ursa
Ursa

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Madrid, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://www.ursa.com/

URSA is a leading provider of insulation solutions in Europe, with activity focused on mineral wool and extruded polystyrene (XPS). The company operates 13 production facilities in 8 countries, and has a commercial presence in over 40 markets. 


Close










Hilding Anders

																				HQ: 
											   Malmo, Sweden											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Hilding Anders
Hilding Anders

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Malmo, Sweden											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

http://www.hildinganders.com/

Hilding Anders is Europe’s, Russia’s and Asia’s leading provider of beds and mattresses. The company is based in Malmö, Sweden and offers a broad branded portfolio as well as producing private label for retailers. The Group operates close to 1,200 retail outlets in Russia, China and Croatia. 


Close










Winoa

																				HQ: 
											   Le Cheylas, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Winoa
Winoa

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Le Cheylas, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

https://www.winoagroup.com/

Winoa is the global leader in the steel abrasives industry. The company operates 11 factories and services over 10,000 customers worldwide. 


Close










Cementos Balboa

																				HQ: 
											   Alconera, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Cementos Balboa
Cementos Balboa

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Alconera, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.grupoag.es/cementosbalboa

Cementos Balboa is the only cement plant located in the Extremadura region in Spain with a state-of-the-art facility finalised in 2005. 


Close










Papresa

																				HQ: 
											   Errenteria, Spain											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2014



+ Read more



Papresa
Papresa

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Errenteria, Spain											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2014

http://www.papresa.es/

Papresa is a 100% recycled newsprint business. It operates one plant in Errenteria (Spain) with a production capacity of 375,000 tonnes per year through 3 paper machines. 


Close










Energas

																				HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2015



+ Read more



Energas
Energas

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2015

http://pontsursambre-power.com/en/

Energas is comprised of two combined cycle power plants in France, Pont sur Sambre Power & Toul Power. It operates 825 MW of combined capacity, equivalent to the consumption of 800,000 households. 


Close










Cherwell Software

																				HQ: 
											   Colorado Springs, CO, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Cherwell Software
Cherwell Software

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Colorado Springs, CO, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

https://www.cherwell.com/

Service management platform which enables customers to track, manage, and automate a variety of service requests. 


Close










Hensoldt (fka Airbus Defence Electronics)

																				HQ: 
											   Taufkirchen, Germany											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Hensoldt (fka Airbus Defence Electronics)
Hensoldt (fka Airbus Defence Electronics)

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Taufkirchen, Germany											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

https://www.hensoldt.net/

Global provider of mission-critical sensors, integrated systems and services for defence and security applications 


Close










Optiv

																				HQ: 
											   Denver, CO, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Optiv
Optiv

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Denver, CO, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

https://www.optiv.com/

Optiv is a market-leading provider of end-to-end cyber security solutions. 


Close










Calabrio

																				HQ: 
											   Minneapolis, MN, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Calabrio
Calabrio

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Minneapolis, MN, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://calabrio.com/

Calabrio provides a leading, extensible workforce optimization software platform to over 4,000 customers worldwide. 


Close










Epicor

																				HQ: 
											   Austin, TX, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2016



+ Read more



Epicor
Epicor

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Austin, TX, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2016

http://www.epicor.com

Epicor software provides enterprise resource planning (ERP) software and retail solutions to 20,000 customers in over 150 countries. 


Close










Lyft

																				HQ: 
											   San Francisco, CA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Lyft
Lyft

											 
																						HQ: 
											   San Francisco, CA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

https://www.lyft.com/

Lyft is a leading ride-sharing platform in the U.S. Lyft enables peer-to-peer transportation by matching passengers with nearby drivers through on-demand or pre-scheduled rides. 


Close










Ivalua

																				HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Ivalua
Ivalua

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Paris, France											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

http://www.ivalua.com/

Enterprise spend management software focused on strategic sourcing, contract management, procure-to-pay and supplier relationship management 


Close










Masan Nutri-Science

																				HQ: 
											   Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Masan Nutri-Science
Masan Nutri-Science

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

https://www.masangroup.com/

Vietnamese animal feed producer which also holds a minority interest in a leading branded pork meat company. The business is focused on building out a fully integrated pork value chain across feed, farm and consumer meat. 


Close










Apple Leisure Group

																				HQ: 
											   Newtown Square, PA, United States											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Apple Leisure Group
Apple Leisure Group

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Newtown Square, PA, United States											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

http://www.appleleisuregroup.com

Apple Leisure Group is a vertically-integrated travel and hospitality company focused on packaged travel and resort/brand management in Mexico and the Caribbean. 


Close










Calvin Capital

																				HQ: 
											   Manchester, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Calvin Capital
Calvin Capital

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Manchester, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

http://www.calvincapital.com/

Calvin Capital is a leading provider of gas and electricity meters to energy suppliers in the UK. 


Close










Travelopia

																				HQ: 
											   Crawley, United Kingdom											   
																				Year of Investment: 									  2017



+ Read more



Travelopia
Travelopia

											 
																						HQ: 
											   Crawley, United Kingdom											   
											   
                                              Year of Investment: 											  2017

https://www.travelopia.com/

Travelopia is a leading specialist travel group focused on providing customers with unforgettable travel-related experiences. 


Close




                        Nothing Found Matching Your Criteria...                    


The portfolio companies shown represent substantially all of KKR’s private equity, TMT growth, infrastructure and energy portfolio companies as of March 31, 2017. Certain portfolio companies have been excluded as private market transactions or investments in which KKR only holds residual interests. In addition, the portfolio companies shown include special situations portfolio companies, where funds and vehicles of KKR hold at least 50% of the portfolio company’s equity or KKR has majority representation on the portfolio company’s board. The specific portfolio companies identified are not representative of all of the portfolio companies purchased, sold, or recommended for KKR Funds and it should not be assumed that the investment in the portfolio companies identified was or will be profitable. Actual holdings will vary for each KKR Fund and there is no guarantee that a particular KKR Fund will hold any or all of the portfolio companies listed. For a full list of KKR’s private market investments, please click here 




  












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










































RealtyMogul.com™ | Real Estate Crowdfunding & Investing





Skip to main content








Real Estate Crowdfunding









Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 












Commercial Real Estate Investing for AllTM








                125,000 Investors
              

                Have joined RealtyMogul.com.
              

                Have joined Us.
              





                Over $285 Million
              

                Invested on our platform.
              

                Invested with us.
              





                $65 Million
              

                Paid out to RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                Paid out to investors.
              





                $0 Principal Lost
              

                By RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                By investors.
              






 



 















"Realty Mogul has so far raised more than $200 million to finance more than 330 properties since its launch in 2013."
  



"RealtyMogul.com's purpose is 'access through innovation' with investor protection and compliance as our guiding principles."
  



"... appeals to all skill levels, from first-timers to veteran investors. In just a few clicks, investors can access the best real estate deals."
  





 






How It Works


1. Invest
Invest in crowdfunded commercial real estate opportunities online for as little as $1000.


2. Relax
We collect returns generated from your investment and pay any expenses.


3. Get Paid
You reap the rewards when we distribute the income from your investments.


Get Started For FREENeed Financing? 








Investments on RealtyMogul.com are illiquid and loss of invested capital is possible. 
Please review risk factors for private placements here.
 







Recent Investments



 





        $3,510,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Retail
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Prunedale
        


  

 





        $1,010,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Indianapolis
        


  

 





        $1,240,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Marietta
        


  

 





        $2,040,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Chicago
        


  

 





        $2,190,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            San Antonio
        


  

 





        $2,020,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Oak Harbor
        


  

 





        $1,515,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Fayetteville
        


  

 





        $710,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Hollywood
        


  

 





        $1,210,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Houston
        


  

 





        $1,525,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Rolling Meadows
        


  



























 
 








Become a Commercial Real Estate Investor Today
Join Now For FREE 



 



 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software


















































































Get Real Estate Financing | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Get Financing



How much are you looking to finance? 

 Debt or Equity?DebtEquity




 

 
 







Looking to Invest?
Start Here
 







Joint Venture Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Equity Contribution:
Up to 90% of equity


IRR:
13% +


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise J.V. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Preferred Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Pref. Equity Contribution:
Up to 85% of cost


Rate:
11 - 13%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise Pref. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Commercial Bridge Loans
$1MM - $25MM




Loan to Cost:
Up to 85%


Loan to Value:
Up to 75%


Rate:
5 - 10%


Term:
12 - 36 Months


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Type:
Recourse and Non-Recourse




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More




Mezzanine Debt
$1MM - $5MM




Mezzanine Contribution:
Up to 80%


Rate:
10 - 12%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
35 - 45 days




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More


 




Looking to Invest?
Start Here 




More than $285 Million Financed to Date for 350+ Properties
 




Selected Transactions




$3,510,000
Equity Purchase
Prunedale, CA
Safeway & CVS Retail Center





$2,100,000
Commercial Loan
Bel Air, CA
5 Unit Multifamily




Finance My Next Project

 




Real Estate Lending Simplified.
Start Here 



Featured Articles




   
 RealtyMogul.com Named a Top Tech Company to Work For - Top Tech Company to Work For

In a recent Built in Los Angeles article...  

   
 News Recap: Largest Real Estate Loan Funded... - Largest Real Estate Loan Funded

Just in case you missed it, here’s a...  

   
 What Do Investors Need to Know About Crowdfunding?  - Crowdfunding

Featured in Bisnow.com

Crowdfunding platforms have...  

   
 RealtyMogul.com’s Newly Redesigned About Us Page  - About Us

If you’ve never read about how RealtyMogul.com came to be,...  

   
 CEO Jilliene Helman Featured on ABC15 Arizona - Jilliene Helman recently discussed her role as CEO and founder of...  

 

 
 

 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software






















































