

AR Capital, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 25, 2017 4:08 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AR Capital, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AR Capital, LLC is a private equity real estate investing firm. Within private equity it specializing in investing in middle market companies, leverage buyouts, acquisitions, recapitalizations, growth opportunities, venture debt, CLO equity, delayed draw term loans,  rescue financing, distressed or turnaround situations, and bridge loans and financing. . The firm invests in the debt and equity of private held companies. It typically prefers to invest in unitranche, senior secured debt, senior unsecured debt, second lien secured debt, equity co-investments, subordinated secured debt, subordinated unsecured debt, mezzanine debt, convertible debt, convertible preferred equity, preferred equity,...
AR Capital, LLC is a private equity real estate investing firm. Within private equity it specializing in investing in middle market companies, leverage buyouts, acquisitions, recapitalizations, growth opportunities, venture debt, CLO equity, delayed draw term loans,  rescue financing, distressed or turnaround situations, and bridge loans and financing. . The firm invests in the debt and equity of private held companies. It typically prefers to invest in unitranche, senior secured debt, senior unsecured debt, second lien secured debt, equity co-investments, subordinated secured debt, subordinated unsecured debt, mezzanine debt, convertible debt, convertible preferred equity, preferred equity, common equity, warrants. It seeks to invest in  business services, energy, general industrial, government, healthcare, software, specialty finance; restaurants, TMT, food and beverage, and consumer products. The firm invests throughout the United States and Canada. It invests between $1 million and $25 million in established companies with revenues between $5 million and $1000 million and stable operating cash flows. Within middle market loans it seeks to invest between $5 million to $50 million with underwriting capacity up to $100 million in companies with EBITDA of at least $3 million The firm seeks to have Board representation or Board Observation rights in its portfolio companies. AR Capital, LLC was founded in 2006 and is based in New York, New York with an additional office in Charlotte, North Carolina. AR Capital, LLC operates as a subsidiary of American Realty Capital Properties, Inc.
Detailed Description


405 Park Avenue3rd FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 212-415-6500

www.americanrealtycap.com







Key Executives for AR Capital, LLC




Mr. Nicholas S. Schorsch


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Edward Michael Weil Jr.


      	President and  Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. William M. Kahane J.D.


      	Co-Founder
      


Age: 69
        







Mr. Peter M. Budko


      	Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Jesse Galloway


      	General Counsel
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      April 18, 2017
			    
Crestline Hotels & Resorts, LLC



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 19, 2016
			    
Axar Acquisition Corp.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AR Capital, LLC, please visit www.americanrealtycap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 AR Capital Announces Suspension of Capital Raising Activities for Certain of its Investment 
         










    










 






 











 









AR Capital Announces Suspension of Capital Raising Activities for Certain of its Investment Programs Due to Regulatory and Market Uncertainty

Nov 16, 2015, 06:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   AR Capital, LLC 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







American Realty Capital, LLC.    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




American Realty Capital, LLC.
 


 

 




 





 


NEW YORK, Nov. 16, 2015  /PRNewswire/ -- AR Capital, LLC ("AR Capital"), a leading alternative asset manager, today announced it will suspend the acceptance of new subscriptions to certain of its current investment programs effective December 31, 2015, as a result of regulatory and market uncertainty affecting capital raising for both new and existing offerings in the direct investment industry. These programs include: Business Development Corporation of America II, ARC Healthcare Trust III, New York City REIT II, ARC Hospitality Trust and ARC Global Trust II. AR Capital will continue to manage its $19 billion of investment programs.   
"The proposed and pending regulatory changes suggested by the Department of Labor fiduciary standard as well as the valuation measures prescribed by FINRA's 15-02 directive pertaining to the alternative investment industry remain largely opaque in terms of their implications and consequences for the alternative investment industry," explained William M. Kahane, the Founding Partner of AR Capital. "Until there is greater clarity, we have decided to sit this one out. As a result, we do not intend to register any new product offerings nor pursue any of our existing offerings after December 31, 2015. Naturally, as the government's position becomes clearer, we may reconsider our present posture on these issues." 
"As the largest, well capitalized sponsor of non-traded REITs and BDCs in the direct investment industry, we will focus our efforts for the time being exclusively on managing our investment programs for the benefit of our shareholders, standing firmly by our "investor first" philosophy, and focusing on generating strong, risk-adjusted returns for our investors. This is the correct decision, we believe, to protect both current and future shareholders while maintaining our position as an industry thought leader."
AR Capital will continue to accept subscriptions for its open investment programs through year-end 2015, and will allow subscriptions in process to be delivered for up to 45 days after the suspension. The Dividend Reinvestment Program ("DRIP") and the Share Repurchase Plan ("SRP") will remain in place for all investment offerings. AR Capital will continue to service its existing investors currently resident in its investment programs.
AR Capital also announced that it has, effective immediately, directed Realty Capital Securities to discontinue all proxy activities on behalf of all AR Capital sponsored companies, in light of the recent action taken by the State of Massachusetts. 
About AR Capital
Founded in 2006, AR Capital is a full-service investment management firm providing advisory services to retail and institutional investors. AR Capital is an active sponsor and manager of public and private real estate investments, business development companies, and other investment products. Collectively, AR Capital's senior team of seasoned professionals manages over $19 billion of assets. For more information, visit www.americanrealtycap.com.
Important Notice
The statements in this press release that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the outcome to be materially different. In addition, words such as "will," "should," "may," "anticipate," "believe," "expect" and "intend" indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words.
Investor Inquiries:



Jonathan Keehner
Mahmoud Siddig
Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher
jkeehner@joelefrank.com
msiddig@joelefrank.com 
(212) 355-4449



Nicholas A. Radesca
Chief Financial Officer
AR Capital, LLC
nradesca@arlcap.com
(212) 415-6559
 

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130916/NY80679LOGO 
 SOURCE  AR Capital, LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.americanrealtycap.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  

















Nov 09, 2015, 06:25 ET
Preview: Apollo Global Management and AR Capital Mutually Agree to Terminate Transaction








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  




AR Capital to Stop Creating Nontraded REITs - The New York Times






























































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|AR Capital to Stop Creating Nontraded REITs







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1PwrRUf








Advertisement













 



Supported by




AR Capital to Stop Creating Nontraded REITs

By LIZ MOYERNOV. 16, 2015



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Nicholas S. Schorsch of the real estate investment company AR Capital.

Credit
            Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times        



AR Capital, the real estate investment company built by Nicholas S. Schorsch and William M. Kahane, said Monday that it would stop creating new investment products and close existing ones to new investors to focus on managing the $19 billion it has in current investments.The company cited “regulatory and market uncertainty” that was affecting its ability to raise investor money.The New York-based firm, once called American Realty Capital, is one of the biggest sponsors of nontraded real estate investment trusts, but it is in the center of a maelstrom.Its most recent troubles began with the collapse a week ago of a $378 million deal to sell a 60 percent stake of a newly formed company holding the $19 billion of assets to the private equity giant Apollo Global Management.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Then on Thursday, Massachusetts’s securities regulator accused an affiliate of the firm — Realty Capital Securities — of faking proxy votes for a September special meeting of shareholders in one of AR Capital’s sponsored investment vehicles. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Realty Capital Securities is part of RCS Capital, a publicly traded broker that said last week it was facing possible delisting by the New York Stock Exchange. Its share price has slumped since an accounting scandal at one of Mr. Schorsch’s investment vehicles forced him to resign from the management of American Realty Capital Properties and boards of affiliated entities last year.In its administrative complaint on Thursday, the Massachusetts securities division said the faked votes were for a shareholder meeting that was a prerequisite to having the deal with Apollo move forward.AR Capital said on Monday that Realty Capital Securities would discontinue proxy activities for AR Capital-sponsored vehicles because of the Massachusetts investigation.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




AR Capital’s woes come as regulators take a closer look at how nontraded REITs are sold to investors. Nontraded REITs, which invest in various types of real estate, are typically sold through advisers. Unlike publicly traded REITs, nontraded REITs are difficult to sell or liquidate.“There were serious problems with their lack of transparency and the interrelationship with affiliated companies,” said Michael Kitces, the director of financial planning at Pinnacle Advisory Group in Columbia, Md.In September, the broker LPL Financial agreed to pay $1.4 million in a settlement with state regulators regarding its sales practices for nontraded REITs.Regulators have proposed new fiduciary standards for advisers and mandated new disclosures on fees and costs that cut into investors’ principal. AR Capital seems to be saying, Mr. Kitces said, “now that the market is requiring transparency, we don’t think we can sell these any more.”Mr. Kahane, AR Capital’s co-founder, said in a statement on Monday regarding the regulatory changes, “Until there is greater clarity, we have decided to sit this one out.”AR Capital said it would stop taking new money at year end for Business Development Corporation of America II, ARC Healthcare Trust III, New York City REIT II, ARC Hospitality Trust and ARC Global Trust II.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage





SQUARE FEET 

Nontraded REITs Face Increased Scrutiny
JULY 19, 2011
























Related Coverage






SQUARE FEET 

Nontraded REITs Face Increased Scrutiny
JULY 19, 2011











What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times






























Products & Services - Arkansas Capital Corporation






































































 
Open MenuABOUT

SUCCESS STORIES
HONORS & AWARDS


PRODUCTS & SERVICES

LOAN PRODUCTS
PARTNERING WITH US
ENTREPRENEURSHIP FOUNDATION
NEW MARKETS TAX CREDIT FINANCING
EB-5 REGIONAL CENTER


NEWS
CONTACT
 






 




THE RESOURCES TO REALIZE YOUR DREAMS
Arkansas Capital and its affiliate companies empower entrepreneurs by providing financial resources to businesses through its capital availability programs and advocating for entrepreneurs through capital, educational and technological improvements. Whether you’re a potential or current business owner, student, educator, or financial organization, you can find the resources you need to help you succeed.
OUR AFFILIATE COMPANIESLENDING SERVICESArkansas Capital is your trusted partner for outsourcing SBA and USDA Guaranteed Lending. We have worked with many banks across Arkansas and have been very successful with the selling of participations in these loans back to the originating bank that continues to manage the relationship.
Learn More
LENDING PARTNERSMany choose to allow Arkansas Capital Corporation to underwrite, close and service their SBA and USDA guaranteed loans. Find out what makes us the leader in specialized loan products.
Learn More
ENTREPRENEURIAL EDUCATIONThe Arkansas Economic Acceleration Foundation (AEAF) is a private, non-profit 501(c)(3) dedicated to education initiatives that foster the development of innovation and entrepreneurship within Arkansas. Established in 1999, AEAF continues to strive to generate future Arkansas entrepreneurs.
Learn More
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCEHeartland Renaissance Fund (HRF), established in 2002, is a certified community development entity dedicated to stimulating economic activity in disadvantaged areas in Arkansas through the use of New Markets Tax Credits.
Learn More
INVESTOR CAPITALPine State Regional Center provides financing to a variety of job creating projects, deploying foreign investor capital into a range of businesses and projects.
Learn More






 



















	AR CAPITAL Trademark of AR CAPITAL, LLC. Serial Number: 85553569 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
AR CAPITAL










 
Get FREE email alerts













AR CAPITAL  Trademark Information
 AR CAPITAL, LLC
Real estate investment services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
real   estate   investment   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the AR CAPITAL trademark by AR CAPITAL, LLC 
                                in NEW YORK, NY, 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this AR CAPITAL trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner AR CAPITAL, LLC of the AR CAPITAL trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the AR CAPITAL trademark.
                           






On Monday, February 27, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        AR CAPITAL by 
                        AR CAPITAL, LLC, NEW YORK, NY  10022.
                        The USPTO has given the AR CAPITAL 
                        trademark serial  number of  85553569.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for AR CAPITAL is 
                        
                        
                                            JENIFER DEWOLF PAINE of 
                                            PROSKAUER ROSE LLP,  11 TIMES SQ FL 17, NEW YORK, NY 10036-8299 
                                .
                            The AR CAPITAL trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for AR CAPITAL 
                            is Real estate investment services. 
                            





Word mark:
 AR CAPITAL


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

10/9/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: October 9, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85553569


  Filing Date:  
2/27/2012


 Registration Number:  
4221533 


 Registration Date:  
10/9/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Real estate investment services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/24/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

AR CAPITAL, LLCNEW YORK, NY  10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL")


 Correspondent:


JENIFER DEWOLF PAINE
PROSKAUER ROSE LLP
11 TIMES SQ FL 17
NEW YORK, NY 10036-8299






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/31/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
3/31/2006





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your AR CAPITAL trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/9/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JENIFER DEWOLF PAINE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of AR CAPITAL trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search arcapital on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for AR CAPITAL 




AR CAPITAL is providing Real estate investment services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 







































 



 AR Capital to Engage Deloitte & Touche to Provide Internal Audit Services 
         










    










 






 











 









AR Capital to Engage Deloitte & Touche to Provide Internal Audit Services

Dec 11, 2014, 06:00 ET
		  		  								
						 from   AR Capital 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







American Realty Capital, LLC.    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




American Realty Capital, LLC.
 


 

 




 





 


NEW YORK, Dec. 11, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- AR Capital, LLC ("AR Capital"), an active sponsor and manager of numerous alternative investment programs, announced today that it has obtained approval from the audit committees of its publicly registered, non-traded companies to engage Deloitte & Touche LLP ("Deloitte") to provide outsourced internal audit services on their behalf.
"In line with AR Capital's commitment to maintain and expand our best-in-class organizational practices, we will engage Deloitte to conduct our internal audit function on behalf of our direct investment programs," commented Nicholas A. Radesca, Chief Financial Officer of AR Capital. "With the engagement of a highly reputable 'Big Four' accounting firm, we are clearly demonstrating AR Capital's commitment to excellence and best practices. Deloitte meets AR Capital's high standards, and I am confident that they will bring significant value by leveraging their deep experience, as well as their established tools and lessons-learned within the industry. We look forward to working closely with Deloitte and coordinating with our audit committees as we continue to enhance our processes."
Deloitte will work with management and the audit committees to provide internal audit services for AR Capital's non-traded companies including: American Realty Capital Hospitality Trust, Inc., American Realty Capital Daily Net Asset Value Trust, Inc., American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc., American Realty Capital Global Trust II, Inc., American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust II, Inc., American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc., American Realty Capital New York City REIT, Inc., American Realty Capital - Retail Centers of America, Inc., American Realty Capital - Retail Centers of America II, Inc., Business Development Corporation of America, Business Development Corporation of America II, ARC Realty Finance Trust, Inc., and American Realty Capital Trust V, Inc.
About AR Capital
Founded in 2006, AR Capital is a full-service investment management firm providing advisory services to retail and institutional investors. AR Capital is an active sponsor and manager of numerous alternative investment programs, including multiple REITs, open-end mutual funds, a business development company and a closed–end fund.  Additional information can be found at www.americanrealtycap.com.
Important Notice
The statements in this press release that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the outcome to be materially different. In addition, words such as "will," "should," "may," "anticipate," "believe," "expect" and "intend" indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130916/NY80679LOGO 
 SOURCE  AR Capital  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.americanrealtycap.com/



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Dec 15, 2014, 08:31 ET
Preview: Nicholas S. Schorsch Resigns from American Realty Capital Properties, Inc.




















Aug 22, 2014, 11:26 ET
Preview: AR Capital Announces the Appointment of Kase Abusharkh as Chief Investment Officer of American Realty Capital Retail Advisor, LLC








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Home | AR Global










































FOCUSED ON PERFORMANCE

Preservation of Capital. High Current Returns. Durable Income.
            



                Announcements
                






 

7.18.17AR Global 15-02 CommunicationRead memo >>
1.10.172016 Year in Review CEO LetterRead Letter >>
5.3.16Michael Weil Speaks at Milken Institute Global ConferenceView Video Here >>

 



Previous



Next


View all

 















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














AR Capital Suspends Capital Raising, Putting $2.3 Billion of Properties in Limbo - CoStar Group


































NTL












®

# 1 Commercial Real Estate Information Company



Home
About Us
Careers
Support
Search CoStar.com
Login











 
 
 







Headlines

ArchiveCoStar Advisor NewsletterMost Viewed






AR Capital Suspends Capital Raising, Putting $2.3 Billion of Properties in Limbo
Fundraising To Be Cut Off for Trio of Non-Traded REITs With About $550 Million in Pending Acquisitions
By Mark Heschmeyer
November 18, 2015





Email



Print










Alternative asset manager AR Capital LLC, one of the largest sponsors of non-traded REITs that has raised nearly $19 billion through more than a dozen such investment entities, announced this week it was suspending capital raising at the end of this year on a handful of offerings. The company said its ability to raise investor money had been negatively affected by "regulatory and market uncertainty affecting capital raising for both new and existing offerings in the direct investment industry." The decision follows a particularly tough week for AR Capital. On Nov. 9, Apollo Global Management called off an agreement to acquire a controlling interest in a newly formed company that would have owned a majority of the AR Capital's asset management business. And then on Nov. 12, the Enforcement Section of the Massachusetts Securities Division filed an administrative complaint against Realty Capital Securities LLC (RCS), an entity controlled by AR Capital, alleging that RCS had fabricated shareholder proxy votes related to the Apollo deal.   The decision to stop creating new investment  products and close existing ones to new investors will cut off fundraising for four ARC REITs currently in the offering stage and one business development fund. Three of the REITs hold billions in property and debt and have more acquisitions pending. The suspension of fundraising puts the investment programs and owned properties in limbo and could put the REITs in default on pending deals. The three REITs expected to be primarily affected by the decision to stop fundraising are: American Realty Capital Hospitality Trust with $1.9 billion in properties; American Realty Capital Global Trust II with $330 million in properties; and American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III with $74 million in properties. Also expected to be impacted by the decision  are American Realty Capital New York City REIT II and Business Development Corporation of America II, although neither has yet to raise enough funds to break escrow and begin their investment programs. In regulatory filings, each of the entities involved said there is no assurance as to when, or if, their offerings would be resumed or that they would be  able to obtain the additional capital they require from other sources. In addition, they said, the failure to raise adequate capital and suspending their offerings could adversely impact the value of investments in their common stock. American Realty Capital Hospitality Trust One the ARC REITs affected is ARC Hospitality Trust, which commenced its initial public offering of up to 80 million shares in January 2014. It has raised more than $645 million under its offering scheduled to end Jan. 7, 2016.  The REIT has several potential acquisitions pending that are now thrown into doubt. In June 2015, it agreed to acquire 44 hotels from three different sellers for $739.8 million. In the last few weeks, it completed the first two closings from those agreements totaling $198.7 million. It is scheduled to complete the remaining acquisitions in six separate closings during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. Through Nov. 15, 2015, it had made $61.9 million in deposits with respect to the closings that have not yet occurred funded with proceeds from its offering. It also had entered into a term loan agreement for up to $450 million secured by mortgages on the hotels to be acquired. "Our failure to obtain the funds required to complete the pending acquisitions, through proceeds from this offering, advances under the term loan agreement or from another source, could cause us to default under the related agreements and, as a result, forfeit all or a part of the $61.9 million in aggregate deposits," the REIT disclosed in a regulatory filing. ARC Hospitality Trust previously acquired some other sizeable hotel portfolios. In March 2014, it acquired the Barceló Portfolio for $110.1 million. The portfolio consists of the Baltimore Courtyard Inner Harbor Hotel, the Courtyard Providence Downtown Hotel and the Homewood Suites by Hilton Stratford, as well as one leased asset, the Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center and equity interests in two joint ventures that separately own the Westin Virginia Beach and the Hilton Garden Inn Blacksburg, VA. In February 2015, it acquired the Grace Portfolio for $1.81 billion. The 116-hotel portfolio was acquired from subsidiaries of Goldman Sachs' Whitehall Real Estate Funds. American Realty Capital Global Trust II ARC Global Trust II commenced its initial public offering in August 2014, raising nearly $247 million through September 2015. It too has pending acquisitions that could cause it to be in default if the deals do not go through. The REIT acquired its largest property for $152 million last month, an office building in Reading, U.K. Known as The Foster Wheeler Energy Office Property, the 365,832-square-foot building is 100% master-leased to Foster Wheeler Energy Limited. The lease expires in August 2024. American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III ARC Healthcare Trust III commenced its initial public offering in August 2014. As of Nov. 3, it had raised more than $156 million in gross proceeds. The offering wasn’t scheduled to end until August 2016. Formed to acquire a diversified portfolio of healthcare-related assets including medical office buildings, seniors housing communities and other healthcare-related facilities, ARC Healthcare Trust III currently owns 13 properties. Its most recent acquisition was also its largest and closed on Sept. 11, 2015, when it acquired a medical office building in Woodbury, MN, for $14.9 million. The Woodlake Office Center contains 36,375 rentable square feet and was 100% leased to Summit Orthopedics Ltd. Reasons for the Suspension AR Capital cited "regulatory and market uncertainty affecting capital raising for both new and existing offerings in the direct investment industry" as the reason for suspending all fundraising activity. However, the move also follows two blows the company received last week. On Nov. 9, Apollo Global Management LLC terminated its agreement to acquire a controlling interest in a newly formed company that would have owned a majority of the AR Capital's asset management business. Then on Nov. 12, the Enforcement Section of the Massachusetts Securities Division filed an administrative complaint against Realty Capital Securities LLC (RCS), an entity controlled by AR Capital and sponsor of the REITs impacted by the suspension. The administrative complaint alleges that employees of RCS fabricated numerous shareholder proxy votes across multiple entities sponsored by AR Capital but did not specifically refer to any actions taken in connection with any of the REIT’s proxy solicitations. Following the complaint, AR Capital directed Realty Capital Securities to discontinue all proxy activities on behalf of all AR Capital-sponsored companies. Although it has suspended all fundraising for the time being, AR Capital said it will continue to manage its $19 billion of investment programs. "As the largest, well capitalized sponsor of non-traded REITs and BDCs in the direct investment industry, we will focus our efforts for the time being exclusively on managing our investment programs for the benefit of our shareholders, standing firmly by our "investor first" philosophy, and focusing on generating strong, risk-adjusted returns for our investors,” said William M. Kahane, the founding partner of AR Capital.     

GET IN TOUCH        Contact CoStar News Team:   News@CoStar.com 

More US National NewsBack to US National News PageCoStar's People of Note (July 21) - Cushman Chooses Gorelick, Brixmor Brings on Brown, Avison Adds Kreider...Office, Industrial Sales Hold Steady Even as Overall CRE Sales Volume Continues to Drift Lower in First-Half 2017Will Medical Office Continue to Support Rich Deals?As Popularity of PACE Clean-Energy Financing Increases, Lawmakers See Need for ReformsFederal Banking Agencies Propose Exempting CRE Property Sales of $400,000 or Less from AppraisalsLandlords Force Skilled Nursing Facility Operator Fortis Management Group into ReceivershipBGC Partners Buying Berkeley Point Financial, Folding Multifamily Lender into Newmark Knight FrankNew York Presbyterian Hospital Signs 500,000-SF Office Deal at Park Avenue AtriumGlobal Logistic Properties Accepts $11.6 Billion Buyout OfferIvanhoé Cambridge Acquires Evergreen Industrial Properties from TPG Real EstateCRE Industry Turns Up Heat on Congress to Retain Like-Kind Exchanges, Interest Deductibility» Go To  National News Page







 Find us on 
Next Steps
888-226-7404
Email Us
Welcome To CoStar's
Industry-Focused,
Award-Winning News
Winner of three Journalism Awards from the National Association of Real Estate Editors (NAREE)
Award-Winning News  




 








Contact Us
|
Buy Now
|
Schedule a Demo
|
Newsletter Sign Up
|
Anti-Piracy
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
|
888-226-7404
        







Copyright © 2014 CoStar Realty Information, Inc.  All rights reserved.  Portions of service protected by U.S. Patent Nos. 6,871,140, 7,076,452, 7,174,301, and 7, 254,559.    








40000
13693







Investment Programs | AR Global









































FOCUSED ON PERFORMANCE











Current Platform
Investment Programs







Non-Traded


Publicly-Traded


 
 American Finance Trust, Inc.
Investment Focus
Net Lease Commercial Real Estate
Geographic Focus
U.S.
Annual Distribution per Share
$1.300
Per Share Net Asset Value
$23.37
  

 American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc.
Investment Focus
Healthcare Real Estate
Geographic Focus
U.S.
Annual Distribution per Share
$1.563
Per Share Net Asset Value
$17.64
  

 American Realty Capital New York City REIT, Inc.
Investment Focus
NYC Commercial Real Estate
Geographic Focus
Manhattan, NYC
Annual Distribution per Share
$1.513
Per Share Net Asset Value
$21.25
  

 Global Net Lease, Inc.
Investment Focus
Commercial Real Estate
Geographic Focus
Global
Ticker
NYSE: GNL
Annual Distribution per Share
$2.130
  

 Healthcare Trust, Inc.
Investment Focus
Healthcare Real Estate
Geographic Focus
U.S.
Annual Distribution per Share
$1.450
Per Share Net Asset Value
$21.45
  
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING




























