

Aranda Investments Pte Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























aranda investments pte ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Aranda Investments Pte Limited operates as an investment holding company.




Corporate Information
Address:

60B Orchard Road
No 06-18, The Atrium Orchard
Singapore, 238891
Singapore


Phone:
65-6828-6828


Fax:
65-6821-1188























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Aranda Investments Pte - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC










Private Companies in Management Services on PrivCo

































































RPC












 








Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd. Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 

















Home  Company reports search  Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd.     







 


 Singapore                
Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd.
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Management of Companies and Enterprises
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2014

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                60b Orchard Road,#06-18 The Atrium @ Orchard                                
                                Singapore;                                Singapore;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 238891                                                            






 

Company Description                    




                        Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd. operates as a holding company engaged in providing investments and financial services. The company is based in Singapore.
                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 





Aranda Investments Pte Ltd @ The Atrium @ Orchard



 








































It
'
s more than just a location search
.









 Find Businesses
Find Addresses
Find Bus Info
Get Direction









Company Names: 
                                                                                        Alpha Dental, 
                                                                                        Maxi Cash, 
                                                                                        Raffles Medical, 
                                                                                        Class Auto


Product & Services: 
                                                                                        Beauty Salons, 
                                                                                        Car Repairs, 
                                                                                        Bridal Shop, 
                                                                                        Beer Brewing, 
                                                                                        Paper Box


Products & Services in an Area: 
                                                                                        Lawyers in Orchard, 
                                                                                        Hair Salons in Bedok


Search Company Names by Tel Number: 
                                                                                        64744005, 
                                                                                        +6564744005






Building Names: 
                                                                                        Wisma Atria, 
                                                                                        Marina Bay Sands, 
                                                                                        Sentosa Cove


District & Island: 
                                                                                        Bedok, 
                                                                                        Jurong, 
                                                                                        Changi, 
                                                                                        Chinatown, 
                                                                                        Sentosa, 
                                                                                        Kusu Islands


Street Names: 
                                                                                        Tanglin Road, 
                                                                                        313@Somerset, 
                                                                                        201 Victoria Street


Landmarks: 
                                                                                        ERP Gantry, 
                                                                                        Mosque, 
                                                                                        Expressway Exits, 
                                                                                        Merlion






Bus Service No: 
                                                                                        14, 
                                                                                        Bus Number 12


Bus Stop: 
                                                                                        Bus Stop B90011, 
                                                                                        Bus B20341


Bus Stop Near: 
                                                                                        Bus Stop Near Jurong MRT, 
                                                                                        Bus Stop @ Jurong Library






                                             
                                                                                        Add "to" after your address to display Directions for A to Be.g 159556 to 238869 or 159556 to Jurong MRT 








 


Try to Search

 



Addresse.g                                        
                            Sim Lim Square                        ,                                            
                            248649                          

Product & Servicee.gAccountants, Hair Salons, Massage 

Business Namese.g                                        
                            Avis Car Rental                        ,                                            
                            Raffles Medical                          

Directionse.g                                        
                            Wheelock to Jurong MRT                        ,                                            
                            Bus No 14                          

Populare.g                                        
                            Building Materials                        ,                                            
                            Building Maintenance                          









Search for any Business, Industry, Address, Phone, or Bus No. here!




eg. Accountants or Hair Salons or Massage 












My Account



 


company_detail
business
-ddheader








































































































































































Aranda Investments Pte Ltd
















                                                    6828 6828                                                






													Address
												
The Atrium @ Orchard #06-18, 60B Orchard Road, (S)238891 



















Home





Enquiry





Map





Tips



 















About Us

Edit



                                                                        N.A                                    






Map

Edit Address
















»


Address

The Atrium @ Orchard #06-18, 60B Orchard Road, (S)238891 










You might like this

What's This?








Business


Office Equipment Repair


Office Supplies









Similar Businesses


Remove Ads












Newq Office Supplies

We are a Company dedicated to serve our customer needs and esteem with out ut...


                                        Cititech Industrial Building #07-12, 629 Aljunied Road, (S)389838 | Tel : 62824321                                    













Tru-Delights Pte Ltd

We offer various premium quality furniture such as office furniture.


                                        One Tannery #05-04, 1 Tannery Road, (S)347719 | Tel : 6333 9925                                    



















 



 












1,824 people spotted Aranda Investments Pte Ltd.



Eric



Xorn



Alfa



See



Chandra



Rumondang



Hyqel



Bruce





If you are the owner of this venture, 
to claim this listing.





				Advertise on Streetdirectory Business Pages and
				Drive more traffic to your Business! From $2 a day. more info


^  







ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. | Singapore Business Directory



































Browse
Menu



使用简体中文版的应用程序








ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.
Updated On: 16 May 2017 SGT 13:23:09
Registration No. (UEN): 200312481K
Incorporated: 8 December 2003    Status: LIVE
60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18 THE ATRIUM @ ORCHARD SINGAPORE 238891


Get Directions To Here
View Interactive Map


View Demographic Analysis
View In-Depth Property Analysis


Click To Select POI Categories



CHOOSE POI CATEGORY



Amenities


Self Service Kiosks

View All
AXS Stations
SAM Stations



Petrol Stations

View All
Caltex
ESSO
SPC
Shell



SingPost Offices

View All



Singapore Pools

View All
Singapore Pools Branches
Authorised Retailers
Live Betting Venues



Transportation

MRT Stations
LRT Stations
Bus Stops
Taxi Stands
Carparks



Wireless@SG Hotspots

View All





Lifestyle


Shopping Malls

View All



Food & Beverages

View All
Hawker Centres / Coffeeshops
Food Courts
Fast Food
Restaurants
Cafes & Specialty
Bars & Pubs



Entertainment

View All
Cinemas
Karaoke
Discos & Night Clubs



Sports & Recreation

Sports Centres
Gyms & Fitness
Water Activities





Financial


Banks

View All
POSB
DBS
OCBC
UOB
Maybank
Citibank
HSBC
Standard Chartered



ATMs

View All
DBS/POSB
OCBC
UOB
Maybank
Citibank
HSBC
Standard Chartered



Cash Deposit

View All
DBS/POSB
OCBC
UOB
Maybank
Citibank
HSBC
Standard Chartered



Remittance

View All



Money Changers

View All



Moneylenders

View All



Pawnshops 

View All





Groceries


Supermarkets

View All
Giant
Prime
NTUC Fairprice
Sheng Siong
Cold Storage
Jasons / Marketplace



Wet Markets

View All



Convenience Stores

View All
7-Eleven
Cheers / Fairprice Xpress
iEcon Mart
Giant Express





Education


Childcare

View All



Kindergartens

View All



Schools

Primary
Secondary
Special
Polytechnics
Junior Colleges
CIs
ITEs
Specialised
Universities
Private Institutions



Student Care

View All



Libraries

View All





Healthcare


Hospitals

View All
Public Hospitals
Private Hospitals
Community Hospitals
Specialty Centres



Polyclinics

View All



Clinics

24 Hours Clinics
GP / Family Clinics
Dental Clinics
TCM Clinics



Pharmacies

View All
Watsons
NTUC Healthcare
Guardian
Unity
Others





Tourism


Hotels

View All



Tourist Attractions

View All



Places of Worship

View All
Churches
Synagogues
Mosques
Gurdwaras
Hindu Temples
Buddhist Temples
Taoist Temples



Museums

View All



Monuments

View All



Historical Sites

View All





Others


Companies / Business

View All



Public Restrooms / Toilets

View All



Community

Town Councils
CCs
CDCs
RCs
Constituency Offices
HDB Branches



Emergency

Singapore Police Force
Fire Posts
Fire Stations
Bomb Shelters






DEMOGRAPHIC ANALYSIS
PROPERTY ANALYSIS




Other Companies Near This Location










ASIA FINANCIAL (INDONESIA) PTE. LTD.

60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18 THE
ATRIUM @ ORCHARD
	SINGAPORE 238891
0 KM AWAY



ALEXANDRA FUND MANAGEMENT PTE LTD

60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18 THE
ATRIUM @ ORCHARD
	SINGAPORE 238891
0 KM AWAY



ANAMUDI INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.

60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18 THE
ATRIUM @ ORCHARD
	SINGAPORE 238891
0 KM AWAY



AF MANAGEMENT SERVICES PTE. LTD.

60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18 THE
ATRIUM @ ORCHARD
	SINGAPORE 238891
0 KM AWAY



AMBROSIA INVESTMENT PTE. LTD.

60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18 THE
ATRIUM @ ORCHARD
	SINGAPORE 238891
0 KM AWAY

View More Companies Nearby











Auto GPS Locate
About Platform
Our Technology
Facebook Page
使用中文版


Available Countries

Map of Singapore
Map of Thailand
Map of New Zealand
Map of Australia



Legal Info

Disclaimer
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy










ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. (200312481K) - Singapore Business Directory























ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.


Registration No.: 200312481KARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. is a business incorporated on 8 December 2003 (Monday) in Singapore and as of 8 December 2003 (Monday) is a live private company limited by shares. This private company limited by shares has been operating for 13 years 230 days. Their principal activity is other holding companies. It's registered address is at the THE ATRIUM @ ORCHARD building. 









CompaniesTHE ATRIUM @ ORCHARDAARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.Registration No.200312481KNameARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.Date Incorporation / Registration8 December 2003 (Monday)Registration TypePRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARESStatusLive Company as on 8 December 2003 (Monday)Principal Business ActivityOTHER HOLDING COMPANIESRegistered Address60B ORCHARD ROAD
#06-18
THE ATRIUM @ ORCHARD
SINGAPORE  (238891) 








 





SIMILIAR NAMEARANDA TELECOMS (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  70 ANSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (079905)



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.



 EXPLOREFORTIS MINING SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.  51 GOLDHILL PLAZA, SINGAPORE (308900)KUTUNG SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.  15 LORONG 105 CHANGI, SINGAPORE (426510) RECENTLY VIEWEDKENG WAH MOTOR REPAIR SERVICE  1016 YISHUN INDUSTRIAL PARK A, SINGAPORE (768758)CHEONG BROS MOTOR COMPANY  1005 BUKIT MERAH LANE 2, SINGAPORE (159761)COMPUTEK ENTERPRISES PTE. LTD.  114 LAVENDER STREET, SINGAPORE (338729)K. K. H. ENTERPRISE PTE LTD  531 UPPER CROSS STREET, SINGAPORE (050531)DOUBLE FINE PRINTING  9B PASIR RIS DRIVE 4, SINGAPORE (519464)










OTHER HOLDING COMPANIESCAIRNHILL PROPERTIES 1909 PTE. LTD.  15 HOE CHIANG ROAD, SINGAPORE (089316)CNP LLP  92 DAWSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (141092)JP & SG CAPITAL LLP  79B TOA PAYOH CENTRAL, SINGAPORE (312079)BELVON INVESTMENTS LLP  58 YUK TONG AVENUE, SINGAPORE (596359)STORHUB CS1 PTE. LTD.  168 ROBINSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (068912)ONEGA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.  146 ROBINSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (068909)























About SGP Business
				SGPBusiness.com is the No. 1 Business and Company Directory in Singapore, a full-service directory portal for business operations and sourcing.
				We provide information update to your listing, including business profile, website, contact details (phone, fax & email address), social media profile, of business or company profile, completely free of any fees or subscription charges.
				Your local business directories!
				
Read More


Business Directories
 Australia Business Directory Canada Business Directory United Kingdom Business Directory Hong Kong Business Directory Malaysia Business Directory Norway Business Directory New Zealand Business Directory 
Data Analytics
Live Entities with Exact Match Name 

Singapore Business Directory is hosted on DigitalOcean.
				


Singapore Company Search




 Search





Quick Links
 Home
				•
				About SGP Business

 Company List

 Browse Categories

 Instagram (@sgpbusiness)

 Our Privacy Policy

 Contact Us
Contact Us
 [email protected]

 

Disclaimer

 All information and any services provided from sgpbusiness.com, its subdomain or all other pages under this domain are on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis without warranties of any kind and are made available for your general information and use only.
					Your use is entirely at your risk, for which SGPBusiness.com shall not be liable whatsoever.
					

					Important Disclaimer: SGPBusiness.com is not part of Singapore Government and/or Accounting And Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA). There is no official partnership being established between ACRA and SGPBusiness.com.
					
					Please contact us, should you discover any error or discrepancy. A correction will be made.
				


Copyright © 2015, 2016, 2017 - SGPBusiness.com

 



















News Releases - Media Centre - Temasek









 















Skip to content





Home > 
Media Centre > 
News Releases
 





LOW GRAPHICS VERSION
ENGLISH
中文


A 
                            A 
                            A


















CONTACT US
FAQS
CONNECT WITH US













Home
About Temasek
Portfolio
Investor Relations
Media Centre
Careers
Community









 

            News Releases
        

 

            Letters & Statements
        

 

            Speeches
        

 

            News & Views
        





News Releases
Back to listing


CAOHC, BP and Aranda, a subsidiary of Temasek, To Invest US$130 Million In CAO

5 October 2005


                                

	 

Key Highlights:


		CAOHC to invest US$75.77 million which, inclusive of its current shareholding, will allow CAOHC to end up with majority stake of 51% post-restructuring

		BP Investments Asia Ltd to invest US$44 million for a post-restructuring 20% stake

		Aranda Investments Pte Ltd to invest US$10.23 million for a 4.65% post-restructuring stake

		CAO’s creditors to be invited to subscribe for about 10% of enlarged (post-restructuring) share capital for US$22 million

		MOU signed with CAOHC and BP Singapore for possible injection of complementary assets into CAO

		CAO existing shares to be consolidated on a 5:1 ratio basis

		Minority shareholders will have an equity stake of 14.35% after the Restructuring Plan is executed


	 

Singapore

	China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation Ltd (“CAO” or the “Company”) today announced that it has signed a conditional investment agreement with its holding company, China Aviation Oil Holding Company (“CAOHC”), and BP Investment Asia Ltd (“BP”), in relation to their new investments in the Company (“Investment Agreement”) and a conditional subscription agreement with Aranda Investments Pte Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited (“Aranda”).

	Entry into these Agreements follows the Scheme of Arrangement between the Company, its creditors (“Creditors”) and CAOHC under Section 210 of the Companies Act (Cap. 50) (“Act”), which was approved by Creditors and sanctioned by the High Court of Singapore on 13 June 2005 (“Creditors’ Scheme”).

	The Creditors’ Scheme is a component of the overall debt and equity restructuring plan of the Company (“Restructuring Plan”), aimed at rehabilitating the Company as a going concern and lifting the suspension of trading of the Company’s shares on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”).

	Under these Agreements, CAOHC, BP and Aranda will inject US$75,770,000, US$44,000,000 and US$10,230,000, respectively, into CAO. This total investment of US$130 million amounts to approximately 59.1% of the enlarged share capital of the Company, following the completion of its Restructuring Plan.

	BP and Aranda were selected to participate in the equity of the Company whereby the Company considered several factors, including the reputation and strength of the investors as well as the potential future co-operation and contributions of the investors to its future growth.

	Mr Jia Changbin, Chairman of CAO said: “The joint investment by CAOHC, BP and Aranda signifies that the restructuring of CAO has reached another milestone following the success of its debt restructuring. I believe that with the participation of the new investors, the Company will surely improve its corporate governance and risk management, and be able to continue to create shareholder value.”

	CAO has also entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with CAOHC and BP regarding the possible injection of respective operating assets that are synergistic and complementary to CAO’s business, with a view to increasing its asset base, earning capacity and prospects, and thereby further enhancing shareholder value.

	In addition, CAOHC and BP have entered into a Shareholders' Agreement to govern their rights and obligations vis-à-vis each other as shareholders of the Company. These will include BP to nominate two directors to the Board of CAO.

	CAO and BP’s affiliate, BP Singapore Pte Ltd (“BPS”) have also entered into a mutually agreed Business Co-operation Agreement, whereby BPS will advise and assist the Company in its tender process for the procurement of aviation fuel in the international markets and also have the pre-emptive right to supply the necessary aviation fuel required by the Company on terms more favourable than those obtained by the Company in the tender process. Under this agreement, BP will also provide various training and risk management services to the Company when required.

	Mdm Gu, CAO’s Special Task Force leader said: “I am pleased to welcome BP and Aranda as strategic investors in CAO. Their participation in our equity restructuring is an endorsement of the viability of the company. Furthermore, they will share with us their expertise and experience, especially in the areas of corporate governance, risk management and business management, all of which will benefit us.”

	“I would also accord my heartfelt appreciation to our parent company CAOHC, for their unwavering support of CAO throughout the restructuring process to date, has been critical for us to reach this stage” , Mdm Gu added.

	Under the Investment Agreement, CAOHC will also allot 27,171,435 shares comprising approximately 3.76% of the Post-Restructuring Plan Share Capital, on an ex-gratia basis and pro-rata to the shareholders of the Company (other than CAOHC, and its associates, if any), based on their respective shareholdings in the Company, on a books-closure date to be determined. This allotment by CAOHC is derived from the conversion of the CAOHC Shareholder's Loan (after waiver), in accordance with CAOHC’s civil penalty settlement with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”).

	CAO will also make an Invitation to Creditors to subscribe for shares representing approximately 10% of the enlarged share capital of the Company post-restructuring, for a consideration of US$22,000,000.

	As part of the overall equity restructuring, CAO will also conduct a share-consolidation exercise, in which five ordinary shares of S$0.05 each will consolidate into one ordinary share of S$0.25 (or in the event that the concept of par value of shares is abolished under Singapore law pursuant to any amendment of the Act, the consolidation of the share capital of the Company so that every five ordinary shares are consolidated into one ordinary share).

	In addition, CAO also intends to effect the transactions by way of a Scheme of Arrangement between the Company and its Shareholders under Section 210 of the Act.

	After completion of the transactions, CAOHC will remain the controlling shareholder of CAO with a 51% stake, while BP and Aranda will have stakes of 20% and 4.65% respectively. The minority shareholders will have an equity stake of 14.35% and creditors will have the remaining 10%.

	The Company intends to proceed to complete the necessary approvals in order to be able to convene for a Extraordinary General Meeting of its Shareholders for the purpose of considering and approving the transactions.

About CAOHC

	China Aviation Oil Holding Company ("CAOHC") is an enterprise under the direct administration of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People's Republic of China. The major business activities of CAOHC and its investee companies are the storage and wholesale, retail trade and transportation of aviation fuel and other oil products; the import and export of aviation fuel, and other activities related to the aviation fuel business including fuel supply equipment operations, engineering design, inspection and management and technical services. As China's largest air transportation service enterprise, CAOHC has constructed 155 oil depots at 94 airports with a total storage capacity of 1.4 million cubic meters, forming an independent, complete aviation fuel supply system across the country. For more information, visit www.caohc.cn

About BP

	BP is one of the world's largest energy companies and is involved in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas; refining, marketing, supply and transportation of hydrocarbons; and manufacturing and marketing of petrochemicals, and solar and gas-fired power generation. For more information, visit www.bp.com

About Aranda

	Aranda is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited. Temasek Holdings is an Asian investment company headquartered in Singapore. Established in 1974, it manages a diversified global portfolio of US$63 billion, spanning Singapore, Asia and the OECD economies. Its investments are in a various industries: telecommunications and media, financial services, property, transportation and logistics, energy and resources, infrastructure, engineering and technology, as well as pharmaceuticals and biosciences. For more information, visit http://www.temasekholdings.com.sg

	 

	End.

	 

	 

 


For media enquiries, please contact:
	Mr Gerald Woon, Director, Cogent Communications Pte Ltd
	Office: (65) 6323-1060
	Mobile: (65) 9694-8364
	Email: woon@cogentcomms.com

 
Back to listing


TEMASEK REVIEW 2017



Read More


Investment Themes


	Our investment activities continue to be guided by four investment themes and the long term trends they represent.


Read More













SITE MAP
TERMS OF USE
ACCESSIBILITY



 Copyright © 2017 Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited





Aranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte Ltd: Latest News & Videos, Photos about Aranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte Ltd  | The Economic TimesSECTIONSET APPSET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android AppENGLISHहिन्दीગુજરાતીE-PAPERSIGN-INFOLLOW USFACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSSAranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte LtdLATEST NEWSChinese daily accuses US of trying to escalate Sikkim standoffNo evidence of killing of 39 Indians: Sushma SwarajBooby-traps plague north Iraq as Islamic State targets returning civiliansRussia says US sanctions vote hits chance of better tiesBritain to ban petrol and diesel cars from 2040Meet the alpha-female Police force of IndiaUS sanctions vote 'hostile', says top Iran negotiatorET Home›Aranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte LtdSEARCHED FOR:ARANDA INVESTMENTS (MAURITIUS) PTE LTDMauritius tweaks rules for global business licenseesFPIs, offshore funds and other entities that invest in India via the Mauritius route will now have to satisfy any two of the secondary conditions instead of just one.13 Jun, 2017, 08.19AM ISTIndia reaches out to Mauritius with $500 million pledgePM Narendra Modi, who hosted his counterpart Pravind Jugnauth on Saturday , said afte...28 May, 2017, 03.41PM ISTIndia announces $500 million assistance to MauritiusThe two countries also signed a maritime security agreement after extensive talks betwee...27 May, 2017, 02.35PM ISTAllNewsVideosPhotosMauritius Gains, NIIF Struggles6 Feb, 2017, 12.20AM ISTThe Finance Commission had recommended scrapping effective revenue deficit, finding it a dilution of benchmarking standards.Mauritius keeps tax treaty with India outside purview of MLI7 Jul, 2017, 12.57AM ISTMauritius has notified 23 of its tax treaties for modification by OECD’s Multilateral Instrument to implement tax treaty-related measures to prevent BEPS.India backs UNGA resolution to refer Britain-Mauritius dispute to ICJ23 Jun, 2017, 12.20PM ISTAkbaruddin said India supports the draft and votes in favour of it, "continuing with our consistent approach on this important issue of decolonisation".India, Mauritius sign pact to institutionalise cooperation between their parliaments10 Jun, 2017, 05.54PM ISTThe MoU was signed by Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and Speaker of National Assembly of Mauritius Santi Bai Hanoomanjee after their meeting here.Indian Navy vessel with all-woman crew visits Mauritius6 Jun, 2017, 10.41PM ISTOn its maiden sea voyage, Tarini is a sister vessel of the Navy's first sailing vessel INSV Mhadei, and was inducted into the Indian Navy in February.With an eye on OBOR, India to host Mauritius’ PM Pravind Jugnauth later this week24 May, 2017, 01.36AM ISTThis will be Jugnauth’s first official visit overseas after taking over as prime minister. The visit is likely to see India offer another line of credit to Mauritius for boosting its local economy.Mauritius top source of FDI in India19 Dec, 2016, 11.55PM ISTThe destination for Overseas Direct Investment (ODI) of Indian companies was largely Singapore, Mauritius, the Netherlands and the US.Tax gaps plugged, India to spur Mauritius investment16 May, 2016, 01.09PM ISTIndia and Mauritius agreed to a new tax regime that will kick in from next April, agreed that benefits from existing treaty will apply to all benefits.Changes in Mauritius DTAC to raise cost of investment: Experts10 May, 2016, 09.52PM ISTExperts said that the decision to grandfather investments up to March 31, 2017, and giving a year's time to graduate to the taxation system will lend tax certainty to investments.Traces found of 'lost continent' under Mauritius2 Feb, 2017, 05.25AM ISTJohannesburg, Feb 1 (IANS) The presence of minerals that are as old as three billion years in Mauritius points to the existence of a "lost continent" underneath the Indian Ocean island, says a study.Paris replacing Mauritius as tax haven, Citi alerts Finance Ministry18 Apr, 2017, 08.20AM ISTIn a meeting with officials of the finance ministry, Citi pointed out how some global banks and funds are taking advantage of India’s treaty with France to escape tax.Patel Integrated Logistics gets fresh round of funding from Mauritius PE firm12 Jul, 2017, 07.12PM ISTThe investment assumes significance as it comes after the roll out of goods and services tax (GST) which is expected to fuel growth in the logistics sector.Load More...12345678910xNot to be MissedThis Russian flying beauty could soon be guarding the Indian skiesHere's what you should do if your smartphone gets stolenBig scam in the making? Ex-CFO accuses PwC of cooking books, evading tax and flouting lawsHere is why you should not eat anything on a planeA strange omission in President Ram Nath Kovind's first speechNifty50 hits 10,000 for the first time! 7 factors driving the marketElon Musk says Mark Zuckerberg has 'limited understanding' of AIGainersA long list of President Pranab Mukherjee's gift to the people of IndiaWhat should organisations do to develop intercultural competence?Why Mukesh Ambani is doling out free 4G phones to everyoneNASA plans a way to cut your flight time in halfWhy Mukesh Ambani is doling out free 4G phones to everyoneRam Nath Kovind takes oath: Here are 14 things about India's 14th president​Kerala actress abduction case: High Court rejects actor Dileep's bail pleaHidden meaning of 11 world's most famous logosMicrosoft's new patent reveals 'Surface Phone' featuresChinese media now trains gun on NSA Ajit Doval, calls him 'main schemer'List of achievements of the Raisina Hill occupants381 babus, including 24 IAS, punished: Personnel ministry to PM ModiAllaying Indian concerns, Sri Lanka limits China's role to commercial operations at Hambantota portAfter 32 years, Microsoft brushes aside Paint applicationU.R. Rao: Man behind India's first satellite is no moreMicromax launches Yu YUNIQUE 2 smartphone at Rs 5,999Sino-Indian standoff: India needs to be prepared for all eventualitiesET Startup awards: Meet the stars of the yearChinese media now trains gun on NSA Ajit Doval, calls him 'main schemer'Here's why Airtel, Vodafone face bigger threat from Google and Facebook than Reliance JioWant to stay healthy? Here's how avoiding milk and drinking beer instead might helpNASA issues safety tips to view solar eclipseSP leader Abu Azmi slams Suchitra Krishnamoorti for 'azaan rant' on TwitterNifty50 hits 10,000 for the first time! 7 factors driving the marketNow think twice before you order from the pantrySangh icons figure in new President's first speechA strange omission in President Ram Nath Kovind's first speechSoon, you can charge your smartphone just by waving or walking!






News Releases - Media Centre - Temasek









 















Skip to content





Home > 
Media Centre > 
News Releases
 





LOW GRAPHICS VERSION
ENGLISH
中文


A 
                            A 
                            A


















CONTACT US
FAQS
CONNECT WITH US













Home
About Temasek
Portfolio
Investor Relations
Media Centre
Careers
Community









 

            News Releases
        

 

            Letters & Statements
        

 

            Speeches
        

 

            News & Views
        





News Releases
Back to listing


Temasek Holdings acquires 9.9% stake in Tata Teleservices 

8 March 2006


                                                                                

	Tata Teleservices Limited today announced that Temasek Holdings Pte. Ltd (Temasek), through its wholly owned subsidiary, Aranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte. Ltd., has taken a 9.9% stake in the telecom company for an undisclosed amount.

	The investment by Temasek coincides with Tata Teleservices’ addition of over 5 million net subscribers and its nationwide commercial launch of services over the last year.

	Commenting on the investment, Tata Teleservices’ CEO, Mr. Darryl Green said, “Tata Teleservices is already one of the larger telecom companies in the world. This investment not only reaffirms investor interest in India’s telecom sector but also underlines confidence in Tata Teleservices’ growth plans and aspirations to achieve market leadership. This investment is a tremendous endorsement of our efforts to build a technologically driven and consumer-focused company. We hope to tap on Temasek’s network and experience to grow Tata Teleservices’ share of the market and to fulfill our vision of becoming a market leader.”

	Mr. Manish Kejriwal, Managing Director of Temasek Holdings Advisors India Pvt. Ltd said,” We are excited about India’s growth prospects and the telecom industry provides with us with an attractive opportunity to participate in this fast growing market. As a shareholder of Tata Teleservices, we are privileged to have the opportunity to invest in a company that is poised to become a significant national player. This investment also marks our second significant investment (after TCS) in the Tata Group, one of India’s most respected business groups. We look forward to leveraging Temasek’s global network and experience across various industries to help expand Tata Teleservices’ footprint.”

About Tata Teleservices: 
	Tata Teleservices is one of India's leading private telecom service providers. The company offers integrated telecom solutions to its customers under the Tata Indicom brand, and uses the latest CDMA 3G1X technology for its wireless network. Tata Teleservices operates in 2200 towns across 20 circles i.e. Andhra Pradesh, Chennai, Gujarat, Karnataka, New Delhi, Maharashtra, Mumbai, Tamil Nadu, Orissa, Bihar, Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh (E), Uttar Pradesh (W), Kolkata, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal. The company has a customer base of over 8.4 million.

About Temasek Holdings: 
	Established in 1974, Temasek Holdings is an Asia investment company headquartered in Singapore. It manages a diversified global portfolio of US$60 billion, principally in Singapore, Asia and the OECD economies, and has a corporate credit rating of AAA/Aaa by Standard & Poor's and Moody's respectively. Its investments cover various industries: telecommunications and media, financial services, property, transportation and logistics, energy and resources, infrastructure, engineering and technology, as well as pharmaceuticals and biosciences. Its overseas investments include blue chip companies in India such as ICICI Bank, Mahindra & Mahindra and Matrix Laboratories; China Construction Bank and China COSCO Holdings in China; Bank Danamon and Bank Internasional Indonesia in Indonesia; Quintiles Transnational Corp in the USA; as well as Hana Bank in South Korea. For more information, please visit www.temasekholdings.com.sg

Additional information:
	Tata Teleservices is part of the INR 76,929 Crore (US$17.8 billion) Tata Group, that has over 90 companies, over 220,000 employees and more than 2.8 million shareholders. With a committed investment of INR 36,000 Crore (US$ 7.5 billion) in Telecom (FY 2006), the Group has a formidable presence across the telecom value chain. The Tata Group plans an additional investment of around INR 9000/- Crore (US$ 2 billion) in this sector in the next two years.

	Tata Teleservices spearheads the Group’s presence in the telecom sector. Incorporated in 1996, Tata Teleservices was the first to launch CDMA mobile services in India with the Andhra Pradesh circle.

	Starting with the major acquisition of Hughes Tele.com (India) Limited [now renamed Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited] in December 2002, the company has swung into expansion mode. Tata Teleservices operates in 20 circles i.e. Andhra Pradesh, Chennai, Gujarat, Karnataka, Delhi, Maharashtra, Mumbai, Tamil Nadu, Orissa, Bihar, Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh (E), Uttar Pradesh (W), Kerala, Kolkata, Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal.

	Having pioneered the CDMA 3G1x technology platform in India, Tata Teleservices has established a robust and reliable telecom infrastructure that ensures quality in its services. It has partnered with Motorola, Ericsson and Lucent for the deployment of a reliable, technologically advanced network.

	The company, which heralded convergence technologies in the Indian telecom sector, is today the market leader in the fixed wireless telephony market with a total customer base of over 3.3 million.

	Tata Teleservices’ bouquet of telephony services includes Mobile services, Fixed Wireless Phones, Public Booth Telephony, and Wireline services. Other services include value added services like voice portal, roaming, post-paid Internet services, 3-way conferencing, group calling, Wi-Fi Internet services and data services.

	Tata Teleservices marked its entry into the Prepaid segment by launching 100 % Sacchai True Paid, across all its existing 20 circles. Recently, Tata Indicom redefined the existing prepaid mobile market in India, by unveiling their new offering – Tata Indicom ‘Non Stop Mobile’- which allows customers to receive free incoming calls opening up new frontiers for the Indian prepaid customers by offering 100 % talktime on True Paid.

	Tata Indicom has also launched a collection of 1000 mobile games – one of the largest collections of mobile games in the world on Nokia 3105. Some of the other products launched by the company include prepaid FWP and public phone booths, new handsets, new voice & data services such as BREW games, picture messaging, polyphonic ring tones, interactive applications like news, cricket, astrology, etc.
	 

	 

 


For further Information please Contact:

	Rashmi Naik, Cell: 91 98215 34390, email: rashmi@vccpl.com 
	Mrinal Sapre, Cell: 91 92233 02176, email: msapre@vccpl.com
	Sandeep Mosamkar, Cell: 91 98204 92224, email: smosamkar@vccpl.com

Vaishnavi Corporate Communications (P) Ltd. Mumbai
	Tel: 91- 22-5656 8787 Fax: 91-22-5656 8788

 
Back to listing


TEMASEK REVIEW 2017



Read More


Investment Themes


	Our investment activities continue to be guided by four investment themes and the long term trends they represent.


Read More













SITE MAP
TERMS OF USE
ACCESSIBILITY



 Copyright © 2017 Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited










All Stocks Held By Temasek Holdings Private Ltd




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


All Stocks Held By Temasek Holdings Private Ltd | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














aranda investments pte ltd - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Invest in Real Estate - Get Average Returns 8-12%.



Ad
 ·
www.lendinghome.com/​Invest



Short-Term, High Yield Notes. Build Your Own Diversified Portfolio in Minutes!





Real Estate Investments



High Yield Notes




Portfolio Diversification



8%-12% Average Returns





Searches related toaranda investments pte ltd



pte ltd singapore



singapore pte ltd entity




Web Results

Aranda Investments Pte Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../7358247Z:SP-aranda-investments-pte-ltd


Company profile & key executives for Aranda Investments Pte Ltd (7358247Z:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Aranda Investments Pte. Financials and KPIs - PrivCo

www.privco.com/private-company/aranda-investments-pte-ltd


Find Aranda Investments Pte financials, revenue, shareholders, market activity (M&A and funding history), business model, competitors, and more.


Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd. Company Profile | EMIS

https://www.emis.com/.../SG/Aranda_Investments_Pte_Ltd_en_2314733.html


Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd. operates as a holding company engaged in providing investments and financial services. The company is based in Singapore.


ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. - Singapore Business Directory

https://www.sgpbusiness.com/company/Aranda-Investments-Pte-Ltd


ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. was incorporated on 8 December 2003 (Monday). ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. principal activity is OTHER HOLDING COMPANIES.


Aranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte Ltd: Latest News ...

economictimes.indiatimes.com/topic/Aranda-Investments...Pte-Ltd


Aranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte Ltd Latest Breaking News, Pictures, Videos, and Special Reports from The Economic Times. Aranda Investments (Mauritius) Pte Ltd ...


ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. | Singapore Business Directory

https://m.yoursingaporemap.com/.../aranda-investments-pte-ltd


ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. (UEN: 200312481K) is a company incorporated on 8 December 2003. It is located at 60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18 THE ATRIUM @ ORCHARD SINGAPORE ...


News Releases - Media Centre - Temasek

www.temasek.com.sg/mediacentre/newsreleases?detailid=8456


News Releases. Back to listing. CAOHC, BP and Aranda, ... (“Investment Agreement”) and a conditional subscription agreement with Aranda Investments Pte Ltd, ...


Aranda Investments Pte - Funded Companies in Related ...

www.privco.com/private-company/aranda-investments-pte-ltd/industry...


View Venture Capital activity in industries related to Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd.


SECGems: ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD.

secgems.com/c/0001666144/aranda-investments-pte-ltd


Learn up to the minute information about ARANDA INVESTMENTS PTE. LTD. - including connections with people/companies, SEC filings (including ownership and fundraising ...


Aranda Investments Pte. Ltd. - openleis.com

openleis.com/.../549300HZFTEMP0PJZS38/Aranda-Investments-Pte-Ltd-


A free, open and searchable database of Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) information










Invest in Real Estate - Get Average Returns 8-12%.



Ad
 ·
www.lendinghome.com/​Invest



Short-Term, High Yield Notes. Build Your Own Diversified Portfolio in Minutes!





Real Estate Investments



High Yield Notes




Portfolio Diversification



8%-12% Average Returns




Searches related toaranda investments pte ltd



pte ltd singapore



singapore pte ltd entity




12345Next






Answers







S2S Pte. Ltd.



S2S Pte. Ltd. was a Japanese record label founded by Ken Suzuki. History S2S was founded and established in Singapore in October 1997 as an artist...

more






Phua Chu Kang Pte Ltd



Phua Chu Kang Pte Ltd, also known as PCK Pte Ltd or Phua Chu Kang for short (鬼馬家族 in Chinese), was a Singaporean sitcom on MediaCorp TV...

more






Ah Long Pte Ltd



Ah Long Pte Ltd is a 2008 action comedy film directed by Malaysian-Singaporean film director Jack Neo, starring Fann Wong and Mark Lee. Co-produced by...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








 






Investing Daily — Investing Daily






















 














 





 Advertorial
  
   



 HOME         ABOUT US          FAQ
 

 One Man's 9-Minute Secret to Retiring Rich  by Investing Daily Staff - May 1, 2017     Years ago Jim Fink knew he’d need to make a change if he was ever going to retire.
It's a similar problem a lot of Americans are dealing with as they approach retirement.
He had a good job, was squirreling away money in his IRA, and investing in stocks—but wasn’t really getting anywhere.
The piddly returns he was making that way seemed like a waste of time. He needed something better.
Luckily Jim worked at an office building in Chicago, close to the financial district.
One day he ran into a "trader" who shared an approach that would go on to change Jim's life forever.
So Jim started experimenting with the approach he learned...
Before long he was generating extra monthly income like $1,200, $1,800, and $2,100... and all in a matter of weeks!
His nest egg began to grow exponentially, and before long he had turned a mere $50,000 into a massive $5.3 million.
Now, years later, Jim trades full-time—and lets independent-minded investors follow the exact approach he's now perfected.
It’s an easy, step-by-step process that takes just 9 minutes to per week.
Best of all, unlike many risky approaches to making money, there's a built-in safety net unique to his strategy that can make it safer than traditional investing.
In fact, safety-loving Warren Buffett pulled in $4.7 billion following this exact approach not too long ago.
The full story behind how Jim makes his trades is right here.

 
 

RELATED ARTICLES
ON THE MONEY
The New Baby Boomer Investing "Hobby"

ON THE MONEY
3 Income Secrets for Retirement

ON THE MONEY
A Stunning Discovery For Investors

HEROES
Warren Buffett, A Trader?

BEST BUY NOW
Make $2,100 With This Trade





TOP STORIES
TRENDING STORIES
Top Trader Makes Shocking Promise

TRENDING STORIES
Thousands Abandoning Stocks For This Strategy

TRENDING STORIES
Safe Income Isn't Dead









  



     Investing Daily is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. All information provided on the Investing Daily network of websites is provided as-is and does not represent personalized investment advice. These sites do not constitute a representation by the publisher or a solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities. All opinions provided are based on sources believed to be reliable and are written in good faith, but no warranty or representation, expressed or implied, is made as to their accuracy. There are risks associated with any investment and we strongly encourage readers to supplement the information in these articles, special reports, and newsletters with independent research and other professional advice before investing in any security.
Copyright 2017 Investing Daily, A Division of Capitol Information Group, Inc. We value your Privacy
  



















