










 





ARBITER SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ARBITER SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund II is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-04. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ARBITER SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




arbiter special opportunities fund ii, lp


C/O BROKEN CLOCK MANAGEMENT, L.L.C.

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10017


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-650-4660







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/04/2016
D/A filed on 11/05/2015
D/A filed on 11/17/2014
D filed on 11/05/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-04
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
45,700,000
INDEFINITE


2015-11-05
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
30,335,000
INDEFINITE


2014-11-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
25,385,000
INDEFINITE


2013-11-05
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
17,270,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




PAUL J  ISAAC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp raised $17,270,000 on November 5th, 2013































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/212720-arbiter-special-opportunities-fund-ii-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=212720  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp raised $17,270,000 on November 5th, 2013.Get alertedif Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp gets funded!Amount:$17,270,000Company:Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:Paul Isaac (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund II, LP (0001589656) (Filer)Description:In 2013, November 5th, a 17M securities offering has been closed by Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp. Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment! 

Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/132331-arbiter-special-opportunities-fund-ii-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=132331  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp gets funded!Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 14th, 2014$25,385,000-View DealNovember 5th, 2013$17,270,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund Ii Lp gets funded?Key peoplePaul IsaacExecutive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










 





Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







DAVIDSON KEMPNER SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND III-A




Find a Company








Industry






  







DBA DAVIDSON KEMPNER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLCDBA Davidson Kempner Long-Term Distressed Opportunities Fund LPDBA Davidson Kempner Long-Term Distressed Opportunities Fund II LPDBA Davidson Kempner Long-Term Distressed Opportunities Fund III LPDBA Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund LPDBA Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III LP520 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor  New York, NY 10022 www.dkpartners.com

Company Awards

VC / Private Equity



Company Profile & Financial Information for Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A
Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A's strengths. 
Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A operates in the Securities Brokerage industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

Revenue$10 - $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees100 - 1,000Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry52312 Securities Brokerage

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Premium Company Report








The Premium Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$89


View subscription options





Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A Revenue and Growth Rate

Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Investor Activity
		Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A has actively raised capital from investors. These investors may include private investors, venture capital firms, or other investment vehicles.

Date
Investors
Percent Raised
Target Size

July 27, 2016
8
48%
$300 MM

Complete list of funding rounds and total amounts in the Company Report
Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

DAVIDSON KEMPNERFinancial services, namely, investment advisory services, investment management services, and asset management services all rendered in connection with private investment vehicles commonly known as hedge funds 01/13/2017DK MANAGEMENT PARTNERS LPFinancial services, namely, investment advisory services, investment management services and asset management services 03/09/2005 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)STEPHEN T DANEReading, MA100 JEFFERIES GROUPNew York, NY31 RBC USA HOLDCOMinneapolis, MN25 BGC PARTNERSNew York, NY22 LEGG MASONBaltimore, MD22 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Davidson Kempner Special Opportunities Fund III-A and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0330 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.






 







Stewardship CodeAlchemy Partners llp
































Overview
Background
Investment Strategy
Team
Contact Us
Investor Login







Stewardship Code

The UK Stewardship Code (the “Code”)

	This statement explains the approach of Alchemy Special Opportunities LLP (“ASOP”) to the Code, and is given in accordance with COBS 2.2.3 R of the FCA Handbook. The Code is not compulsory but instead sets out behaviour which has been accepted by the industry as good practice. Where investors do not commit to the Code, they must set out their alternative investment strategy.

Background to ASOP

	ASOP is an independent investment advisory firm, which advises the Alchemy Special Opportunities Fund II L.P. and Alchemy Special Opportunities Fund III L.P. (the “ASOP Funds”). Investors in the ASOP Funds consist predominantly of large institutional investors. The ASOP Funds invest in debt, equity and loan securities issued by European companies which are either in financial distress or other special situations. The ASOP Funds do not regularly hold large equity positions in UK listed companies and as a result, ASOP has chosen not to commit to the Code.

Investment strategy

	The ASOP Funds invest in loans, debt and equity securities and other obligations of companies that are in financial distress and other special situations. The ASOP Funds do not make investments in listed companies in anticipation of hostile takeovers. Investments will primarily be made in companies which are situated in Europe.

	Where possible, and depending on the type of investment, ASOP may on occasion seek representation on the board of directors or similar body. The level of involvement and monitoring from ASOP will also depend on whether the investment in question has been made with a view to restructuring the company in question or some other sort of special situation. ASOP may meet with directors of investee companies and where relevant other co-investors and shareholders in relation to investee companies.

	ASOP’s investment process ensures that senior members of ASOP are responsible for specific investments in investee companies and take a lead on any dialogue with that investee company.

	ASOP takes an active approach to protecting the value of shareholdings held by the ASOP Funds. This may require ASOP to engage with the management of an investee company on a specific issue, request a general meeting of the investee company or a realisation of some or all of the shares held by the ASOP Funds, where appropriate. Where ASOP Funds have the right to vote shares held in investee companies, ASOP will recommend that those shares are voted in accordance with what it considers to be the best interests of the ASOP Funds. This will not necessarily be in support of the board of the investee company. In order to ensure that it recommends actions in the best interests of the ASOP Funds, ASOP will consider stewardship issues on a case by case basis in light of the relevant facts.

	ASOP only advises the ASOP Funds and does not advise, manage or operate any other investment funds or products. It is an independently owned partnership. The owners of the LLP are also co-investors in the ASOP Funds and are economically aligned with third party investors. Conflicts of interest between ASOP and the ASOP Funds relating to investee companies are therefore likely to be rare. Any conflicts that do arise will be dealt with in accordance with ASOP’s own conflicts of interest policy and in accordance with the constitutional documents governing the terms of the ASOP Funds.

	ASOP contributes to the annual and quarterly reports to the investors in the ASOP Funds with updates and descriptions on matters affecting investee companies, subject to applicable confidentiality obligations.









© Alchemy 2017. All rights reserved



Regulatory
Accessibility
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Sitemap
Site by Sears Davies








About cookies on our website

Following a revised EU directive on website cookies, each company based, or doing business, in the EU is required to notify users about the cookies used on their website.
Our site uses cookies to improve your experience of certain areas of the site and to allow the use of specific functionality like social media page sharing. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but as a result parts of the site may not work as intended.
To find out more about what cookies are, which cookies we use on this website and how to delete and block cookies, please see our privacy policy page.
I accept the use of cookies









Funds/Investment Management in Europe - Experience | Capabilities - Landing | Capabilities | Debevoise & Plimpton LLP




















































Capabilities


Professionals


Experience


Insights & Publications


News


Careers




About Us


Contact Us


Alumni




Search

© 2017 Debevoise & Plimpton LLP



Funds/Investment Management in Europe

Fact Sheet


Fact Sheet


Description


Experience


Professionals


Insights & News









Experience


Fund Formation

MCP Private Capital Fund III, a €850 million European special opportunities fund.
Park Square Capital Partners III, a €1.2 billion subordinated debt fund.
Deutsche Bank Secondary Opportunities Fund III, a $1.65 billion U.S. and Europe secondaries fund.
Europa Fund IV, a €603 million Europe real estate fund.
EQT in the formation of EQT Credit II, an €874 million Europe credit opportunities fund.
Third Point Hellenic Recovery Fund, a $750 million Greece-focused buyout fund.
Deutsche Bank Secondary Opportunities Fund II, a $614 million U.S. and Europe secondaries fund.
Baring Vostok Private Equity Fund V, a $1.5 billion Russia, CIS buyout fund.
Baring Vostok Private Equity Fund V Supplemental Fund, a $359 million Russia, CIS buyout fund.
Euro Choice IV, a €430 million European mid-market buyout fund of funds managed by Akina. 
JFL Equity Investors III, a $576 million U.S. and UK buyout fund.
Capital Dynamics Europe Co-investment Fund, a €90 million Europe buyout fund. 
 WCTPT Choice, a €100 million Europe fund of funds.
Hexagone II FCPR, a €100 million fund for investments in France. 
White Knight VII, a €650 million French LBO Fund. 
Euro Choice IV (Scotland), a €438 million Europe fund of funds.
Mantra Investissement, a €108 million global fund of funds. 
Red River Holding, a $276 million Vietnam-focused buyout fund.
The Central Asian Prosperity Fund, a $500 million Central Asia fund.
Exponent Private Equity Partners II, an £805 million UK buyout fund. 
Exponent Private Equity Partners III, a £1 billion UK buyout fund.
Gartmore Private Equity III, a €238 million Europe buyout fund. 
AAC Capital NEBO Fund II, a €965 million Northern Europe middle market buyout fund. 
Kléber SPPICAV and La Pérouse SPPICAV, a €170 million France-focused real estate fund. 
Post 2012 Carbon Credit Fund, a €125 million Europe energy fund. 
Carlyle Europe Technology Partners II, a €530 million Europe growth capital/technology fund.
OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund II, a €1.8 billion Europe buyout fund. 
Pechel Industries Partenaires in the formation of a €30 million French fund aiming at investing in IT firms.
Verdoso Special Opportunities I, a €150 million France-focused distressed debt fund. 
Doughty Hanson & Co. Fund V, a €3 billion European buyout fund. 
Park Square Capital Credit Opportunities Fund, a €315 million Europe credit opportunities fund. 
Mezzanine Management Fund IV, a €268 million U.S. and Western Europe mezzanine fund. 
Odewald Private Equity Partners III, a €71 million Germany-focused buyout fund. 
Baring Vostok Private Equity Fund IV, a $1.5 billion Russia, CIS buyout fund.
Marbleton Property Fund, a $315 million Russia, CIS real estate fund.
Euro Choice III, a €418 million Western Europe fund of funds. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Private Equity Fund, a $775 million U.S. and Western Europe secondaries fund.
AGF Private Equity in the formation of a €300 million fund of funds.
Baring Vostok Private Equity Fund IV Supplemental Fund, a $451 million Russia, CIS buyout fund.
FCPR Longchamp, a €107 million fund of funds. 
White Knight VII FCPR, a €650 million France-focused buyout fund. 
Winvest, a €780 million global buyout fund. 
Doughty Hanson & Co European Real Estate II, a €587 million Europe real estate fund. 
Sinergia con Imprenditori, a €278 million Italy-focused buyout fund. 
Hg Renewable Power Partners, a €300 million Western Europe renewable energy fund. 
AnaCap Financial Partners, a €287 million Europe buyout fund. 
J.F. Lehman Equity Investors II, a $335 million U.S. and UK buyout fund.
Carlyle Europe Technology Partners, a €220 million Europe venture fund. 
Mercator Risk Services, Inc., a newly formed, independent wholesale insurance broker.
North American Strategic Partners, a $74 million global buyout fund.
Lotus China Fund, a $96 million China venture fund.
Private Equity European Partners III, a $381 million fund of funds.
SUN-Apollo Ventures Limited in its formation of the $630 million SUN-Apollo India Real Estate Fund LLC.
Great Circle Fund, a $180 million private equity fund.
Euro Choice II, a €205 million Western Europe fund of funds.
Private Equity Technology Partners IV, a $300 million U.S. secondaries fund.
BVP Europe II, a $130 million Western Europe buyout fund.
Private Equity Technology Partners III, a $350 million U.S. secondaries fund.
Private Equity European Partners II, a €300 million fund of funds. 
Doughty Hanson & Co European Real Estate, a $400 million Europe real estate fund.
Candover 1997 Fund, a $433 million UK buyout fund.
Park Square Capital Credit Opportunities II, a $2.4 billion senior debt programme.



Investment Management

Prudential Financial in its $350 million partnership with LeapFrog Investments, targeting investments in life insurance companies in Africa.
Helios Investment Partners in the acquisition by Helios Towers Africa of 3,100 telecommunications towers, located throughout Africa, from Bharti Airtel.
A leading international private equity firm as co-investor in the €790 million tender offer, led by GP Investments and Investindustrial, to acquire a majority stake in Club Méditerranée.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice and portfolio company B&M in its £590 million senior term and revolving credit facilities relating to B&M’s initial public offering.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in the financing aspects of its €1.2 billion acquisition of Mauser Group.
A leading international private equity firm as co-investor in the acquisition, led by Astorg Partners and Montagu Private Equity, of Sebia from Cinven.
A leading international private equity firm as co-investor in the acquisition by Permira of TeamViewer from GFI Software. 
GreyCastle Holdings in its $570 million acquisition, backed by a consortium of investors, of the run-off Life Reinsurance operations of XL Group.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice as the majority shareholder of Exova in the company’s £220 million initial public offering. 
Exova in its £260 million senior credit facilities agreement.
New Russia Generation Limited, a $200 million fund managed by Prosperity Capital Management and investing in the Russian power sector.
Prosperity Capital in relation to Prosperity Consumer Fund, a Guernsey investment company to be listed on AIM and investing in Russian companies.
Schneider Electric in the sale of its custom sensors and technologies division to Carlyle and PAI, based on an enterprise value of $900 million, and its reinvestment of approximately $100 million. 
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its $1.8 billion acquisition of Ashland Water Technologies.
Oaktree Capital in the finance aspects of its restructuring of its investment in Viken, a distressed Norwegian shipping group.
American International Group in the proposed sale, later terminated, of up to 90% interest in International Lease Finance Corporation to a consortium of Chinese investors in a transaction with an implied enterprise value of $27 billion.
Credit Suisse and Goldman, Sachs & Co. as joint bookrunners in the $755.5 million offering of common stock by KAR Auction Services.
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, LP in the €15 million uncommitted bridge facility provided by Lloyds TSB Bank PLC to DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, LP to finance its investments going forward and to bridge investor calls for investments.
Najafi Companies in the restructuring of Actissia Retail, one of its subsidiaries in France.
Helios Investment Partners in its investment in MallforAfrica, a Nigerian e-commerce company.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its acquisitions of Brand Energy and Harsco Infrastructure in a combined transaction valued at $2.5 billion.
Cinram, a portfolio company of Najafi Companies, in its acquisition of Saffron Digital Media from HTC.
A syndicate of investors in a stapled primary/secondary transaction with a value in excess of £400 million.
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Natixis, Société Générale, BNP Paribas and CM-CIC Securities as joint bookrunners in the €380 million offering of 4.012% bonds due 2020 by Terisam, a subsidiary of Artémis Group.
Resolution Life Holdings in its formation and initial capitalization, including its $587 million acquisition of Lincoln Benefit Life Company from Allstate Life Insurance Company, which included reserve financing, a reinsurance facility and bank debt.
Capital International and Acon Investments in their acquisition of Vetra Energia, S.L., an oil and gas exploration and development company operating primarily in Colombia.
One of Deutsche Bank's private equity platforms in its acquisition of interests in Calastone, Graze, Secret Escapes and Zoopla Property Group from Octopus, a leading specialist fund management company. 
Management of Vue Cinemas in the £935 million sale of the company by Doughty Hanson to OMERS Private Equity and Alberta Investment Management Corporation.
Global Atlantic Financial Group in its acquisition of the life insurance business of Aviva USA.
HarbourVest Partners in its co-investment in the €3.1 billion acquisition by CVC Capital Partners of a majority interest in Ista.
The executive directors of HellermannTyton in the company's £182 million initial public offering.
Baring Vostok Capital Partners in the sale by Baring Vostok-managed funds and other shareholders of $607 million of shares in Yandex, a NASDAQ-listed company.
Warner Music Group in its $765 million acquisition of the Parlophone Label Group (PLG) from Universal Music Group. (the sale of PLG was required by the European Commission as a condition to its approval of Universal acquiring sole control of the activities of EMI).
The Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Dell in the $24.9 billion sale of Dell to an investor group including Michael Dell and Silver Lake.
Cascade Investment, an entity wholly owned by Bill Gates, in its investment along with US co-investors of up to $1 billion in OCI, N.V., an affiliate of Orascom Construction Industries.
Oaktree Capital Management in the establishment of a revolving credit facility for certain portfolio companies within its European Principal Opportunities Fund III.
Interros in an agreement with Millhouse and UC RUSAL on settlement of the shareholders’ conflict, corporate governance and sale of shares in MMC Norilsk Nickel.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its acquisition of a significant stake in B&M Retail.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in the £585 million senior secured credit facilities for its investment in B&M Retail.
Cunningham Lindsey in its recapitalization by CVC Capital Partners.
A sovereign wealth fund in its purchase of limited partnership interests for in excess of €1 billion.
The Carlyle Group in fund and tax structuring advice relating to its acquisition of vwd Vereinigte Wirtschaftsdienste AG.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its $1.05 billion acquisition of a majority ownership stake in Wilsonart International Holdings, the decorative surfaces unit of Illinois Tool Works.
The Carlyle Group in its $3.3 billion acquisition of Getty Images.
Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan in its acquisition of a minority stake in aircraft lessor Aircastle Limited.
Senior management of The TCW Group, a diversified asset management company, in the acquisition of The TCW Group by management and private equity funds sponsored by The Carlyle Group.
Management of Novus Leisure in the company's £100 million acquisition by LGV Capital and Hutton Collins.
Oaktree Capital Management on regulatory aspects of its acquisition of a majority interest in Integrated Subsea Services.
Providence Equity Partners in U.S. tax matters relating to its acquisition of home shopping network in Germany.
HarbourVest Partners in its $1.4 billion acquisition of the private equity fund interests and direct co-investments of Conversus Capital.
Beacon Capital Partners in its €100 million acquisition of "Le Doublon," two buildings in France.
Najafi Companies in its acquisition of the European assets and business of Cinram International Income Fund, one of the world's largest providers of pre-recorded multimedia products and related distribution and logistics services. 
Polyus Gold International in the $635.5 million sale of its shares to Chengdong Investment Corporation and JSC VTB Bank.
Park Square Capital Partners in its mezzanine loan facility to a vehicle sponsored by Altor relating to Altor's acquisition of Pantheon (Fund of Funds) from Russell Investments.
HarbourVest Partners in its investment in BenefitMall and CompuPay.
Stone Point Capital in the sale, to Lockton, of a minority stake in Lockton's international operations.
Global Infrastructure Partners in fund and tax structuring advice relating to its £807 million acquisition of Edinburgh Airport.
Beacon Capital Partners in its purchase of a building on rue Cambon in Paris from Unibail.
Lombard Odier Darier Hentsch in its investment in Vermeer Capital.
Management of Eurofiber in the company's acquisition by Doughty Hanson.
Inter RAO UES in the sale of its 26.43% share in Enel OGK-5 to a consortium of investors consisting of Xenon Capital Partners’ Rusenergo Fund, the Russian Direct Investment Fund, AGC Equity Partners and the Macquarie Renaissance Infrastructure Fund.
Goldman Sachs Reinsurance Group in its acquisition of the Bermuda-based reinsurance operations of Ariel Holdings.
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund in (a) the US$15 million uncommitted bridge facility provided by Lloyds TSB Bank PLC to DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, LP and (b) the US$30 million uncommitted bridge facility provided by Lloyds TSB Bank PLC to DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, LP, in each case to finance the fund’s investments going forward and to bridge investor calls for investments.
Exal Corporation, a Teachers’ Private Capital portfolio company, in the €85 million sale of its European division, Boxal Group to Ardagh Group.
Park Square Capital Partners on the subscription-line financing facility provided by Barclays Bank Plc and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation to Park Square Capital Partners II and Park Square Parallel Partners II to finance the fund's investments going forward and to bridge investor calls for investments.
Blenheim Capital Services in matters relating to a facility provided by Barclays Capital to the Abu Dhabi Airport Company.
Wendel in its €313 million sale of shares of Legrand.
TA Associates in its management buyout of Quotient BioScience Group.
Universal Cargo Logistics Holding in its $4.2 billion acquisition of Freight One and the related $3.75 billion financing provided by a syndicate of banks.
HarbourVest Partners in its funding of the take-private of Parseq plc.
Alibaba in its sale of a $1.6 billion stake to a consortium of investors including Silver Lake Technology Management, Digital Sky Technologies, Temasek Holdings and Yunfeng Capital.
Artémis in its acquisition of a majority stake in CAPI France.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its offering of high yield notes relating to its financing of the acquisition of Spie.
HarbourVest Partners its $806 million acquisition of Absolute Private Equity, of which $200 million was financed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas.
DIH Deutsche Industrie Holding in its real estate portfolio acquisition.
Alpha Associes Conseil in its acquisition of Hans Anders.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its acquisition of a 60% stake in Hussmann International, a leading global manufacturer of refrigerated display merchandizing equipment and refrigeration systems for the retail food industry, from Ingersoll Rand.
HarbourVest Partners in the acquisition of Premetalco through a co-investment with Nova Capital Management Limited.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in financing matters relating to its acquisition of a 60% stake in Hussmann International, a leading global manufacturer of refrigerated display merchandizing equipment and refrigeration systems for the retail food industry, from Ingersoll Rand.
Macquarie Capital in the resolution of a dispute over a shareholders agreement relating to a French listed company.
Beacon Capital Partners in the €232 million sale of an office building situated at 5 avenue Kléber, Paris, to SCOR Group.
The Prudential Insurance Company of America in the establishment of a 2011 shelf facility for the issuance of additional senior notes by Zollner Elektronik AG.
The Carlyle Group in fund and tax structuring advice relating to its £1 billion acquisition of RAC. 
Providence Equity Partners in its acquisition of AcadeMedia AB. Debevoise acted as tax counsel.
Reynolds Group in its $4.5 billion acquisition of Graham Packaging Company.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, AXA Private Equity and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec in the financing aspects of their €2.1 billion acquisition of SPIE from PAI Partners, which included a €1.335 billion senior term and revolving credit facility and a €375 million bridge loan.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, AXA Private Equity and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec in the senior and bridge financings of their acquisition of SPIE.  
A fund managed by HarbourVest Partners, as selling shareholder, in the $228 million initial public offering and Nasdaq OMX Stockholm listing of Transmode Holding.
Baring Vostok as a selling shareholder in the $1.4 billion NASDAQ initial public offering by Yandex, the leading internet company and most popular search engine in Russia.
Najafi Companies in its acquisition of DirectGroup France, Belgium, Switzerland and Quebec from Bertelsmann AG.
Najafi Companies in financing matters relating to its acquisition of DirectGroup France, Belgium, Switzerland and Quebec from Bertelsmann AG.
Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan in the formation of a joint venture with Aircastle to invest in leased aircraft.
Access Industries in its $3.3 billion acquisition of Warner Music Group.
Beacon Capital Partners in the establishment of a joint venture for the holding and €210 million refinancing of Défense Plaza, an office building in the La Défense area of Paris, France.
HarbourVest Partners in its $806 million acquisition of Absolute Private Equity, a Swiss publicly-listed investment fund.
XL Capital Investment Partners in selling its stake in Finisterre Capital to Principal Global Investors.
Artemis in an exchangeable bond.
Actis Private Equity and HarbourVest Partners in their $125 million investment in Super-Max, the world's second-largest razor blade manufacturer.
Oaktree Capital Management with TPG Capital and JH Investments in their $955 million acquisition of the North American businesses of Taylor Wimpey.
The Carlyle Group in U.S. tax matters relating to its acquisition of Metrologic Group.
Brookwell in its offering of D shares.
The Carlyle Group in tax matters relating to its acquisition of The Foundry Holdings.
Beacon Capital Partners in its €192 million acquisition from AXA Group, and related €600 million refinancing, of the remaining 50% in a joint venture holding the Tour First office building. Beacon initially acquired 50% of the joint venture vehicle in 2007.
HarbourVest Partners in its co-investment in the €1.2 billion acquisition by CVC Capital of Autobar Group.
Helios Investment Partners in the acquisition of a controlling stake in Interswitch, Nigeria’s largest electronic transaction switching and payment processing service provider, from several Nigerian banks. 
Adveq Management in its investment in Edmond de Rothschild LBO Fund II.
BCA Osprey IV in its £217 million senior loan financing and sale to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice.
Prosperity Quest II Fund, a $150 million buyout fund investing in Russia/CIS.
OJSC Norilsk Nickel MMC and Interros International Investments Limited in a dispute with United Company Rusal, including LCIA arbitration proceedings and related court litigation in the United States, England, Russia, Switzerland, St. Kitts & Nevis and The Netherlands.
Ripplewood Holdings in its strategic combination with RHJ International SA. (2010)
A french sponsor in the formation of a €150 million Luxembourg fund organized as a SICAR.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in the financing aspects relating to its acquisition of a 42.5% stake in Univar in a sponsored recapitalization transaction valuing Univar at $4.2 billion.
Exova in its £155 million high-yield offering of 10.5% senior notes.
Apax in its acquisition with Bridgepoint Capital of Histoire d'Or from Silverfleet Capital and Marc Orian from Qualium Investissement.
Fonds Stratégique d’Investissement in its sale of 6.8% of the shares of Edenred.
Rockefeller Group International in its acquisition of a majority interest in the European real estate fund management group Europa Capital.
The Carlyle Group in U.S. tax matters relating to the $652 million acquisition of B&B Hotels.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its acquisition of a 42.5% stake in Univar, a global distributor of commodity and specialty chemicals, in a sponsored recapitalization transaction valuing Univar at $4.2 billion.
Reynolds Group in its $6 billion acquisition of Pactiv, a NYSE-listed global manufacturer and supplier of consumer food and beverage packaging and storage products.
Kelso & Company in its majority investment in Cronos Ltd. and related transactions resulting in a company with owned assets of $1 billion.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice and GS Capital Partners in their acquisition of HGI Holdings, a leading distributor of medical products to chronic disease patients.
Merrill Lynch in the $1.3 billion sale of Merrill Lynch Life Insurance Company and ML Life Insurance Company of New York to AEGON, and the formation of a strategic business relationship with AEGON.
The Carlyle Group in its acquisition of Giannoni France.
Jupiter Asset Management in tax matters relating to its initial public offering.
Prometheus Capital in its acquisition of pet product retail chains Beethoven and ZooBoom.
Stone Point Capital and Hellman & Friedman in obtaining EU merger control approval for their $1.1 billion acquisition of Sedgwick Claims Management Services, the leading global provider of technology-enabled claims and productivity management solutions. 
CBS Private Capital as underwriting advisor to Insurance Capital Partners in the formation of a £400 million fund that will provide entry to new investors to Lloyd's, with capital used directly in support of underwriting rather than for purchase of shares of insurance companies.
Wendel Investissement in the block trading, together with KKR, of 40 million of Legrand’s shares for €1.15 billion.
Abu Dhabi Investment Council in its loan to an affiliate of Morgan Stanley.
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice in its acquisition of British Car Auctions.
Wendel in the €567 million sale by Wendel and KKR of 23.7 million shares of Legrand.
Reynolds Group in its acquisition of Reynolds Consumer Products and Closure Systems International and the associated financings and refinancings, a group of transactions valued at $3.2 billion. 
Artémis and Vinci in the €300 million offering of exchangeable bonds into Vinci shares.
Park Square Capital in the restructuring of the Gala gaming group.
United BioSource in its growth equity investment from Berkshire Partners.
Otkritie UES Capital Partners Fund in financing relating to funds.
HarbourVest Partners, as the lead in a consortium with Coller Capital, in the £100 million acquisition of a portfolio of 36 European venture capital investments from 3i Investments plc.
Ripplewood Holdings in its €532 million sale of AEG Power Solutions B.V. to Germany1 Acquisition Limited.
Apollo Real Estate Advisors in financing matters relating to its third pan-European real estate fund.
HarbourVest Partners in its acquisition of an interest in Kreos Capital III from Merrill Lynch.
Kelso & Company in its acquisition of a portfolio of medical products from Q-Med.
Alfa Capital Partners as manager of a maritime infrastructure fund.
Progressive Asset Management, Marshall and Deloitte, as placement agent and nominated adviser, in the £13 million initial placing of B shares on the AIM exchange.
An international asset management firm in the enforcement of arbitral awards and judgments against sovereign debt of North Korea.
Cunningham Lindsey in its acquisition of GAB Robins' international businesses (excluding its UK operations) and its U.S. forensic engineering firm, EFI Global.










Subscribe


Site Map


Legal


Privacy


UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement


Visitor Login


Debevoise Login


Login Help


Debevoise Women's Review








