

Welcome to Arbor Point Advisors


















 




















Arbor Point Advisors

























Get to the Point



Experience true independence and the flexibility of operating your own independent advisory practice without having to manage the back office complexity, regulatory and compliance burden.



Get Started














Ready. Set. Advise. The Arbor Point Advantage!
Like Ira, today’s financial advisor faces unprecedented challenges. Helping clients make sound financial decisions and navigate difficult markets are no longer enough to ensure success. The regulatory environment combined with increased competition and expanding client needs are driving evolution in the advisory model. Preserving flexibility while maintaining focus on an advisor’s unique value proposition is the key to long-term success.
Experience true independence and the flexibility of operating your own independent advisory practice without having to manage the back office complexity, regulatory and compliance burden. Maintain your focus where it belongs; on your clients.





















Cases in Point










Too Big to Fail?

Carl, age 48, 23 years in the industry
How a wirehouse advisor left behind the employee model and big bank mentality to create a profitable advisory business that truely reflects his deep client relationships.
View Case










No Time for Growth?

Debra, age 52, 20 years in the industry
How an independent advisor traded the limitations of her BD’s self-clearing platform for the freedom of open architecture.
View Case










Too Small to Grow?

Alex, age 40, 15 years in the industry
How a hybrid advisor outgrew his broker-dealer and its corporate RIA and found a better fit for capitalizing on new markets.
View Case










Big Picture View?

Roger, age 50, 25 years in the industry
How a hybrid advisor kept a small firm culture and gained big firm resources to meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of his clients.
View Case





















"Being a business owner in a highly regulated industry is challenging, especially while trying to provide your clients value in today’s volatile market. Arbor Point Advisors provides solutions for advisors to better meet clients' needs."



Dennis M. King, CFP®

						President, Arbor Point Advisors
					











Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck.









Investors | Arbor Point Advisors


















 



















Arbor Point Advisors





















Get to the Point







Home
/

				Investors
			



Investors



Whether you need to invest for retirement, your child’s education or for that dream vacation, look to an independent financial consultant from Arbor Point Advisors to help meet your needs. Working with an independent professional, you can be confident the guidance and advice you receive is focused on what’s best for you. The information below is specifically for investors, helping you better understand what Advisor Point Advisors is and does for you.
Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck.

Arbor Point Advisors Form ADV
Business Continuity Plan Disclosure
Privacy Statement
TD Ameritrade Statement of Financial Condition
TD Ameritrade Standard Fees Schedule

Thank you for visiting the Arbor Point Advisors website. If you have any questions about the materials on this page, please use the Contact Us page and we will respond as quickly as possible.



















Interested In Joining Arbor Point? | Arbor Point Advisors


















 



















Arbor Point Advisors





















Get to the Point







Home
/

				Interested In Joining Arbor Point?
			



Interested In Joining Arbor Point?










First Name *






Last Name *








Email *






Phone *








Current Firm
						







AUM *






Revenue Range *


< $100,000
$100,000-$500,000
$500,000-$1,000,000
> $1,000,000







Please enter the word *





Submit











Our Office
Headquarters
Arbor Point Advisors
12325 Port Grace Blvd
La Vista, NE 68128
(800) 747-6111
Join Us
(402) 938-0186
lbowden@arborpointadvisors.com




















The Arbor Point Advantage | Arbor Point Advisors


















 



















Arbor Point Advisors





















Powerful Resources








Home
/
			
					The Arbor Point Advantage
				



The Arbor Point Advantage



Bringing You the Best of ALL Worlds!
Arbor Point Advisors brings independent advisors the best in technology, practice management and growth programs from industry thought-leaders Securities America, Orion Advisor Services and custodians with highly recognized consumer brands.
Arbor Point Advisors' unrivaled technology platform, provided by Orion Advisor Services, offers electronic new account processing, advisory fee billing, performance reporting, model rebalancing and trading, advisor-branded web access and mobile apps, business metric reporting and systems training and support.
Our compliance and supervision program provides a holistic, risk-based approach to compliance through access to seasoned industry professionals and leading technology. Our team of experts will ensure your office stays current with the most recent regulations enacted at the state and federal levels.
Arbor Point Advisors offers a deep well of programs and products, fostering your success with robust advisory programs, a flexible asset management platform, an extensive list of approved products, separate account access with an open-architecture managed account platform, direct access to third-party money managers and financial planning — one of the fastest growing segments of the financial services industry. 
We understand the transition process sets the tone for what you and your clients can expect from Arbor Point. We’re committed to taking the steps necessary to ensure your transition is as seamless and easy as possible, starting with our state-of-the-art paperless on-boarding system. Our Transition Team has years of industry experience backed by a strong knowledge of all the inner workings of Arbor Point Advisors.
Arbor Point offers advisors a full range of support and services, enhancing your business with comprehensive and personalized training programs, coaching and marketing tools and resources. We provide proven ideas to help you manage a more effective, profitable and satisfying practice. As your advocates, your personal service team at Arbor Point allows you to experience a more personalized and knowledgeable level of expertise when you call. Plus, through Securities America’s parent company Ladenburg Thalmann, Arbor Point Advisors offers The Wealth Management Advantage – a comprehensive suite of wealth management tools, services and resources.










Advantage






Technology

Compliance & Supervision

Programs & Products

Transition Support

Support Services


























The Arbor Point Story | Arbor Point Advisors


















 



















Arbor Point Advisors





















Integrated Independence








Home
/
			
					The Arbor Point Story
				



The Arbor Point Story



Today’s financial advisor faces unprecedented challenges. Helping clients make sound financial decisions and navigate difficult markets are no longer enough to ensure success. The regulatory environment combined with increased competition and expanding client needs are driving evolution in the advisory model. Preserving flexibility while maintaining focus on an advisor’s unique value proposition is the key to long-term success.
With great challenge comes great opportunity.
In 2012, two leading financial services firms, both located in Omaha, came together to meet the needs of an under-served segment of the market: financial advisors who wanted the freedom and autonomy of operating their own Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) firm but were discouraged by the idea of managing the complexity and compliance burden themselves . The companies – Securities America and Orion Advisor Services – partnered  to form a new entity to shoulder the regulatory burden and harness industry leading innovation allowing advisors to maintain focus where it belongs; on their clients. That firm is Arbor Point Advisors.










Story






Why Arbor Point Advisors

Who We Are

Our Team

In the News


























Arbor Point Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























arbor point advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Arbor Point Advisors, LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers financial planning, consulting, and investment management services. Arbor Point Advisors serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

12325 Port Grace Blvd
La Vista, NE 68128
United States


Phone:
1-800-777-1992


Fax:
1-402-399-9573


Web url:
www.arborpointadvisors.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Programs & Products | Arbor Point Advantage | Arbor Point Advisors


















 



















Arbor Point Advisors





















Powerful Resources








Home
/
Arbor Point Advantage
/
			
					Programs & Products
				



Programs & Products



Fostering Advisor Success
Arbor Point Advisors’ goal is to foster your success by offering robust advisory programs that allow you to design portfolios to meet the needs of each of your clients.
Flexible Investment Advisory Solutions
This flexible asset management platform allows you to apply your own portfolio management skills and leave the back office administration like billing and generating performance reports to Arbor Point Advisors. You and your client develop the financial strategy that best satisfies his or her investment objectives. Arbor Point Advisors provides the support services, including record-keeping and investment product offerings.
Investment Products
Choose investments consistent with your client's investment policy statement from our extensive list of approved products, including mutual funds, exchange traded funds, bonds and preferred and common stock. Data on positions, transactions, prices, corporate actions, and cost basis is downloaded daily – even on Saturday – and completely reconciled. Efficiently rebalance and trade using our integrated trade engine. Rebalance across an entire household to use tax efficient asset allocation, or just rebalance models tied to accounts.
Separate Account Access
This open-architecture, managed account platform enables you to offer a wide array of separately managed account solutions. Deliver institutional-caliber investment management services by leveraging third-party investment managers covering all asset classes, market capitalizations and investment styles.  You will also gain flexibility in how you design your clients’ portfolios by selecting from a comprehensive suite of investment managers and styles.
Direct Access to Third-Party Money Managers
This program is ideal when you need money management support for mutual funds and variable annuities or turnkey asset management using institutional money managers for stock and bond portfolios. Approved third-party money management programs are available to Investment Advisor Representatives of Arbor Point Advisors. You have flexibility in designing your clients’ portfolios by selecting from a comprehensive suite of investment managers and strategies.
Financial Planning
Financial planning is one of the fastest growing segments of the financial services industry. The general public is becoming increasingly aware of the complexity of their financial lives; they want expert advice and they're willing to pay for it. Financial planning differentiates you from your competition, and studies have shown that client retention and assets per client are higher when clients have a plan. Because Arbor Point Advisors knows the positive impact of generating a financial plan for your clients, we provide you services and tools for offering financial planning to your clients. 


Previous Page








Advantage






Technology

Compliance & Supervision

Programs & Products

Transition Support

Support Services


























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Arbor Point Advisors, LLC. | Email CEO @arborpointadvisors.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    Arbor Point Advisors, LLC.





arborpointadvisors.com





12325 Port Grace Blvd                 
                 
La Vista, NE 68128
Phone: 800-747-6111
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

5 - 9

Revenue: 

Not Available

Industry:  
                    Finance->Financial Services                
SIC Code:  
                     7322  - Adjustment and Collection Services
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All AudioVideo
OS










Wistia
Wistia provides professional video hosting. Engage your prospects, customers, and employees with video.






iPhone OS
iOS is a popular Smartphone Operating System



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            January 15, 2016 - New Hire
 NameTitleScott FangmanRegional Director
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Dennis King                                    

Title: President







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Liz Bowden                                    

Title: Business Development Director







                         No Email Avail                            
Sales - Marketing

export








Showing 1 to 
                2                                

                                    of 4 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Arbor Point Advisors, LLC., is a company that works within the Financial services. This La Vista, NE-based business. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Arbor Point Advisors, LLC. email format addresses with the @arborpointadvisors.com domain as well as quality contact info regarding Arbor Point Advisors, LLC.'s CEO . They have their head office in La Vista, NE.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@arborpointadvisors.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Similar Companies:
Allen Capital Group
Looking for company data regarding Allen Capital Group's CEO or CFO? Allen Capital Group is part of the Financial services field and are located in the area of Grand Island, NE. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include Allen Capital Group email addresses marked by the domain format @allencapgroup.com.  Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@allencapgroup.com addresses.
Andorra Capital
Andorra Capital, a company that works within the Financial services industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Andorra Capital email addresses with the @andocap.comdomain format. They have their head office in Lincoln, NE.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@andocap.com addresses.
Applied Underwriters
Have you been searching for Applied Underwriters's contact information for hours? Have you been trying to find Applied Underwriters's domain format email  addresses?. Applied Underwriters is a Financial services and is based in Omaha, NE and more information like linkedin facts, phone numbers, cfo executives and facebook profiles can be found within the Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@auw.com addresses.




Company Directory > Arbor Point Advisors, LLC.






















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














ARBOR POINT ADVISORS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    ARBOR POINT ADVISORS, LLC











Company number M13000004228
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State NE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 7/2/2013
        

Principal Address
            12325 PORT GRACE BLVD., LA VISTA, 68128
            


Mailing Address 12325 PORT GRACE BLVD., LA VISTA, NE, 68128
        
ARBOR POINT ADVISORS, LLC Principals

Manager
                Reed Curtis
                 


Address
                12325 PORT GRACE BLVD., LA VISTA, NE, 68128
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name CORPORATE CREATIONS NETWORK, INC. (c)
        

Agent Address
                11380 PROSPERITY FARMS ROAD #221E, PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL, 33410
                

Description
ARBOR POINT ADVISORS, LLC has been set up 7/2/2013 in state NE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The ARBOR POINT ADVISORS, LLC principal adress is 12325 PORT GRACE BLVD., LA VISTA, 68128. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 12325 PORT GRACE BLVD., LA VISTA, NE, 68128. 
The company`s registered agent is CORPORATE CREATIONS NETWORK, INC. 11380 PROSPERITY FARMS ROAD #221E, PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL, 33410.  
The company`s management are Manager - Reed Curtis.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
ARBOR POINTE ASSOCIATES, LTD.
ARBOR POINTE FOUNDATION, INC.
ARBOR POINTE MANAGEMENT, LLC
ARBOR POINTE UNIT FIVE OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
ARBOR POINTE UNIT FOUR OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
ARBOR POINTE UNIT SEVEN OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.













	ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S Trademark of Arbor Point Advisors, LLC. Serial Number: 76713434 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S










 
Get FREE email alerts













ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S  Trademark Information
 Arbor Point Advisors, LLC
Investment Advisory Services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S trademark by Arbor Point Advisors, LLC 
                                in La Vista, NE, 68128.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Arbor Point Advisors, LLC of the ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S trademark.
                           






On Monday, February 11, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S by 
                        Arbor Point Advisors, LLC, La Vista, NE  68128.
                        The USPTO has given the ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S 
                        trademark serial  number of  76713434.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S is 
                        
                        
                                            BRUCE D. VOSBURG of 
                                            FITZGERALD, SCHORR, BARMETTLER & BRENNAN,  10050 REGENCY CIR STE 200, OMAHA, NE 68114-3712 
                                .
                            The ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S 
                            is Investment Advisory Services. 
                            





Word mark:
 ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

10/29/2013



  Serial Number:  
76713434


  Filing Date:  
2/11/2013


 Registration Number:  
4423402 


 Registration Date:  
10/29/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Investment Advisory Services


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the stylized text "ARBOR POINT ADVISORS" and triangle design. The triangle design is comprised of three overlapping triangles of various sizes, made up of curving bands. The words "ARBOR POINT" with the word "ADVISORS" underneath, appear to the right of the triangles.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/13/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Arbor Point Advisors, LLCLa Vista, NE  68128
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Incomplete triangles (must have two angles) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                    Three triangles  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                    Triangles touching or intersecting (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ADVISORS")


 Correspondent:


BRUCE D. VOSBURG
FITZGERALD, SCHORR, BARMETTLER & BRENNAN
10050 REGENCY CIR STE 200
OMAHA, NE 68114-3712






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/21/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
1/30/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/29/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



BRUCE D. VOSBURG


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search arborpointadvisors on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S 




ARBOR POINT A D V I S O R S is providing Investment Advisory Services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Capital Income Advisors | Capital Income Advisors Planning.

















Client Login










Home
Why CIA?

Wealth Design Process™
CIA at a Glance
Our Commitment To You
ciaWOMEN
Our Firm


Services
Events
FAQ

What is Wealth Management?
What is a fiduciary?
How We Operate
Income vs. Growth
Know Your Options


Resources

Media
Blog


Contact Us






















Your retirement income
		    should last as long as you do.
Our Mission is to empower you to use your wealth 
to design the life you’ve always wanted to live

Our Story
            







Get access to our helpful retirement kit which includes three guides that address topics you should consider when planning your retirement.








Do Not Fill This Out














About Our Firm
We are a financial services firm rooted in the community and have developed our business by creating close, personal relationships with our clients.

       		Meet our team
       	







We Specialize In These Financial Services:
To develop a financial strategy for your future, it’s important for your financial professional to see a complete, 360-degree view of your financial picture, including how your retirement assets are integrated and work with one another.  





Annuities
Today, the majority of the burden for retirement income seems to have shifted to the individual. For this reason, you may want to consider a guaranteed* fixed income component to your retirement strategy.Learn More







Wealth Accumulation
You may be able to use time to your advantage when investing for wealth accumulation. Learn More







Asset Protection
Twenty-first century asset protection calls for more than just strategic asset allocation. Including products like annuities in your retirement income strategy can help protect* your money from declines due to market losses.Learn More







Life Insurance
We can help you consider needs such as replacing income so your family can maintain its standard of living, as well as paying for your funeral and estate costs.Learn More







Retirement Income Strategies
We can help you design a guaranteed* retirement income strategy that incorporates insurance and annuity vehicles to create opportunities for growth and income.Learn More







Tax Minimization Strategies
Rising taxes may be a concern for many individuals approaching retirement. It may be important to incorporate tax planning into your financial decisions.Learn More












Contact Us
Phone: (800) 875-1986
               Fax: (800) 875-1986
info@capitalincomeadvisors.com



San Diego Office
12555 High Bluff Dr
          Suite 130
          San Diego, CA 92130


New York Office
Phone: (212) 390-1101
              555 West 23rd St
            New York, NY 10011














Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
    *Guarantees provided by insurance products are backed by the claims-paying ability of the issuing carrier.
The retirement kit is provided for informational purposes only. It is not intended to provide tax or legal advice. By requesting this report you may be provided with information regarding the purchase of insurance and investment products in the future.
     Advisory services offered through Securities America Advisors, Inc. Martin Shapiro, Representative and advisory services offered through Arbor Point Advisors, LLC Richard Gigliotti, Jeremy Keating and Alexander Mele, Representatives.CA Insurance Licenses: Jeremy Keating #0E28476; Richard Gigliotti #0H83102; Alexander Mele #0H82823; Martin Shapiro  #0681852

    Securities offered in the states of CA, TX, NY, NJ, PA, AZ, NV, MA, CO, AR, GA, IN, MS, MT, OR, TN, WA, WI, LA, FL, DE, NC, SC, MN    


 




Products & Services
































14301 FNB Parkway, Suite 206 Omaha, Nebraska 68154Phone: (402) 991-8787 Fax:     (402) 991-8786 






 


Have A Question?




Name 

Email 

Address
Question 




Thank you!
Oops!



 





Sign up for my Newsletter




Name 

Email 

Sign Up

Thank you!
Error processing your request. Please try again at a later time.



 


Weekly Market CommentaryYour source for updated market and economic news. Download Market Commentary 


 


Market Summary
The data below reflects close 2 days ago

^INX,^OEX,^IXIC,^TNX


^INX
Market data provided by xignite.



Local Weather
68154






 


Contact

Office: (402) 991-8787
Fax:(402) 991-8786

Send an Email






Products & Services





Fortress Wealth Advisors provides assistance in the following areas:InvestmentsTraditional IRA Trust Accounts Brokerage Accounts Roth IRA SEP IRA Simple IRA Education IRA Common StockFinancial PlanningRetirement Plans Defined Benefit Plans 401(k) Planning 403(b) Planning College Plans Estate Plans Tax Plans Money Purchasing Plans Profit Sharing PlansInsuranceDisability Income Insurance Life Insurance Long-Term-Care Insurance 








 








Have A Question?





Name 



Email 


Address
Question 




Thank you!
Oops!






Recommended Content
Where Is the Market Headed?
We all know the stock market can be unpredictable. We all want to know, “What’s next for the financial markets?”
Debt Stress
There’s a link between debt and stress.
Jane Bond: Infiltrating the Market
Agent Jane Bond is on the case, cracking the code on bonds.



















