




ARC Group Worldwide






















Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017








 
 
​
Bringing Innovation to Manufacturing
 
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARCW) is a leading global advanced manufacturing and 3D printing service provider. Founded in 1987, the Company offers its customers a compelling portfolio of advanced manufacturing technologies and cutting-edge capabilities to improve the efficiency of traditional manufacturing processes and accelerate their time to market.  In addition to being a world leader in metal injection molding, ARC has significant expertise in 3D printing and imaging, advanced tooling, automation, machining, plastic injection molding, lean manufacturing, and robotics.  ARC's mission is to bring innovation and technology to manufacturing.
 









QUOTE NOW


  


ARC  Group Wins Most MIM Awards At 2016 MPIF Powder Metallurgy Design Excellence Competition

WINNERPM Design Excellence Award 2016












































































ARC Group Worldwide






















Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017








 
 
​
Bringing Innovation to Manufacturing
 
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARCW) is a leading global advanced manufacturing and 3D printing service provider. Founded in 1987, the Company offers its customers a compelling portfolio of advanced manufacturing technologies and cutting-edge capabilities to improve the efficiency of traditional manufacturing processes and accelerate their time to market.  In addition to being a world leader in metal injection molding, ARC has significant expertise in 3D printing and imaging, advanced tooling, automation, machining, plastic injection molding, lean manufacturing, and robotics.  ARC's mission is to bring innovation and technology to manufacturing.
 









QUOTE NOW


  


ARC  Group Wins Most MIM Awards At 2016 MPIF Powder Metallurgy Design Excellence Competition

WINNERPM Design Excellence Award 2016












































































ARC Group Worldwide






















Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017








 
 
​
Bringing Innovation to Manufacturing
 
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARCW) is a leading global advanced manufacturing and 3D printing service provider. Founded in 1987, the Company offers its customers a compelling portfolio of advanced manufacturing technologies and cutting-edge capabilities to improve the efficiency of traditional manufacturing processes and accelerate their time to market.  In addition to being a world leader in metal injection molding, ARC has significant expertise in 3D printing and imaging, advanced tooling, automation, machining, plastic injection molding, lean manufacturing, and robotics.  ARC's mission is to bring innovation and technology to manufacturing.
 









QUOTE NOW


  


ARC  Group Wins Most MIM Awards At 2016 MPIF Powder Metallurgy Design Excellence Competition

WINNERPM Design Excellence Award 2016














































































ARC Group Worldwide Businesses
























QUOTE NOW




ARC METAL INJECTION MOLDING














FloMet





















Technical Leader In Metal Injection Molding




Founded: 1990
Facilities: 40,000 square foot facility
Location: DeLand, Florida
Certifications: ISO 9001-2008 | ISO 13485
Website: www.FloMet.com
Description: FloMet is one of the early pioneers in the metal injection molding field and is now known as the technical leader in the MIM industry.  FloMet has grown with the technology from its earliest days, creating complex metal parts for thousands of unique applications spanning numerous industries.  FloMet is an expert in lean manufacturing and its operations are highly automated, with the use of cutting edge robotic technology.  FloMet’s technical staff consists of the industry’s top experts in metal injection molding.  FloMet continually wins the Grand Prize Award for Design Excellence in Powder Metal from the Metal Powder Industries Federation.






















Injectamax



















Early Pioneer In Metal Injection Molding




Founded: 1988
Facilities: 40,000 sq. ft. facility
Location: DeLand, Florida
Website: www.injectamax.com
Description: Injectamax is a pioneering leader in the development and evolution of MIM technology. The company's roots go back over 25 years, when MIM was in its research and developmental infancy.  Injectamax has a unique and superior MIM process, offering lower production costs, greater design freedom, higher tolerances, and ultimate flexibility and reliability.





















AFT Colorado



















Leader In Metal Injection Molding




Founded: 1987
Facilities: 105,000 square foot facility
Location: Longmont, Colorado
Certifications: ISO 9001-2008, AS9100, ISO 13485, and ISO/TS 16949
Website: www.AFTmim.com
Description: AFT has continually invested in technology and its people to maintain a competitive advantage to benefit its customers.  AFT’s MIM machines are equipped with advanced, three- and four-axis robotics, to ensure consistent cycle time, efficiency, and consistent processes.  AFT also has a state of the art on-site machine shop, to build and maintain tooling.  AFT maintains ISO certification and Six Sigma Process Control for the highest level of quality and accuracy.






















AFT Hungary






















Leading European Metal Injection Molding Company




Founded: 2002
Facilities: 70,000 sq. ft. facility
Location: Retsag, Hungary
Website: www.AFTmimHU.com
Description: AFT Hungary is the largest and most well equipped Metal Injection Molding company in Europe.  AFTHU is centrally located in Europe to service international markets.  AFTHU utilizes advanced automation and robotics, Six Sigma and Lean manufacturing tools ensure the highest quality and process control.














ARC 3D PRINTING














3D Material Technologies



















Leader In Rapid Prototyping and Short Production Runs




Founded: 2013
Facilities: 40,000 square foot facility
Location: DeLand, Florida
Website: www.3dmaterialtechnologies.com
Description: 3D Material Technologies is focused on simplifying the process of taking a design concept from just a concept, to actual parts in hand. Typically the process can take several weeks to months with conventional technology to make the first prototypes and several months to a year to make production parts. 3D Material Technologies utilizes 3D Printing technology to make the first sample part out of a design to give the designer a physical part to touch and test. Then utilizes 3D Printing, CNC Machining and MIM Technology to make short run production and mass production parts.













ARC THIXOMOLDING














Thixoforming



















The Leader In Thixomolding




Founded: 1997
Location: Longmont, Colorado
Certifications: ISO 9001-2008
Website: www.ThixoWorks.com
Description: Thixoforming is a leading provider of magnesium injection molding.  Thixoforming produces high density, complex injection molding components from magnesium alloys.  Thixoforming combines the design and processing flexibility of plastic injection molding with the strength produced by high-pressure diecasting, however, Thixoforming produces components with greater detail, improved metallurgical structure and tolerance capability.













ARC PLASTIC INJECTION MOLDING AND TOOLING














Advance Tooling Concepts



















Plastic Injection Molding and Injection Molding Tooling




Founded: 1999
Location: Longmont, Colorado
Certifications: ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 13485:2003
Website: www.ATCmold.com
Description: ATC is a leader in high quality plastic injection molding and specialized tool making, offering a wide variety of products and services including a state-of-the-art tool room, automated molding operations, and a Class 100,000 medical clean room.  The company offers a highly flexible product portfolio that is customized for its customers' unique needs, with products varying from prototype parts through low- to high-volume production.













ARC PRECISION METAL STAMPING














KECY Metal Technologies






















Precision Metal Stamping




Founded: 1988
Facilities: 178,000 sq. ft. across 2 facilities
Location: Hudson, Michigan and Wauseon, Ohio
Certifications: ISO/TS 16949
Website: www.kecymetals.com
Description: Kecy is one of the industry’s leading precision metal stamping companies, utilizing advanced manufacturing, robotics, automation, and die-making equipment. Operating out of a modern facility, Kecy’s innovative manufacturing techniques and commitment to exploring new possibilities represent a departure from tradition, giving its customers the competitive edge in today’s demanding marketplace.














ARC FLANGES














General Flange & Forge



















The Leader in Flanges




Founded: 1972
Location: Huntingdon Valley, PA
Certifications: ISO 9001-2008
Website: www.GeneralFlange.com
Description: General Flange & Forge is a domestic manufacturer of flanges in carbon steel, stainless steel and the alloys.  They also manufacture DIN/JIS/BS (metric) flanges, orifice unions, galvanized flanges, long weld necks, pad flanges/studding outlets, special facings and custom flanges.  General Flange can handle any custom machining needs and special flange facings.  General Flange is committed to providing quality products and services which meet or exceed customer requirements.


















Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017




















About ARC Group Worldwide

























ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC. LEADERSHIP


QUOTE NOW







 






 
 
ABOUT
 
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. is a global advanced manufacturing and 3D printing service provider focused on accelerating speed-to-market for its customers.  ARC utilizes technology to improve automation in manufacturing through robotics, software, and process automation, as well as lean manufacturing to improve efficiency.  ARC provides a holistic set of precision manufacturing solutions, from design and prototyping, through full run production.  These solutions include metal injection molding, plastic and metal 3D printing, metal stamping, plastic injection molding, clean room injection molding, rapid tooling, thixomolding, and flanges.
 
ARC believes the methodologies and systems of how products get manufactured will change materially over the next 10-20 years, due to technology such as automation, 3D printing, robotics, software, artificial intelligence and cheaper energy prices.  ARC’s objective is to be an accelerator of this technology adoption in traditional mass-production.  The resulting change will be a world where lead times are reduced, supply chains are localized, and customers get to market in a quicker and more efficient way than they do today.
 
 
ARC’s strategy hinges on two key pillars:
 
(i.) Holistic Solution Provider: ARC’s customers want to consolidate their massive, convoluted supply chains.  As a result, ARC has shaped its strategy around being a “one-stop shop” for its customer base, by providing holistic solutions for metal and plastic fabrication.
 
(ii.) Time to Market: ARC’s customers also want to get to market as quickly as possible to stay ahead of their competition.  Today’s current manufacturing supply chain is bogged down by lengthy quoting bottlenecks, tooling time/cost and a wide array of manufacturing design complexities.  ARC’s solution, is to offer its services cradle to grave, from product development, to prototype to short- to long-run production.
 
With regard to the first pillar, ARC’s MIM business usually makes not only the critical component in its client’s product, but also one of the most difficult parts.  Therefore, ARC identified an opportunity to build out its product offering off the heels of its MIM business, by adding new capabilities and services in metal and plastic fabrication, to offer a more holistic solution to its customers.  As a result, ARC offers additional fabricating capabilities to its MIM part programs, which helps ARC’s customers reduce their supply chain and have a more efficient design/build process.
 
With regard to the second pillar, customers want reduced lead time, which can quite often be many weeks or months to get to production parts.  ARC’s subsidiary 3DMT cuts down on lead and tool time, by offering prototype and short run production parts.  3DMT has a wide array of metal and plastic 3D printers, in-house tooling and a proprietary Rapid MIM process.  The other key element of getting to market quickly is reducing quoting time, which could also take weeks traditionally.  ARC began development in late 2013 of a proprietary online automatic quoting system, which will be rolled out across the ARC divisions starting in mid-2014.
 
ARC offers a holistic ecosystem of products to its customer base and helps them get to market as quickly as possible for short and long run production.  ARC’s investment and focus on technology will be a key driver of the changing manufacturing landscape of the future.
 
 
ACQUISITIONS
ARC makes acquisitions that are strategic to its business.  ARC seeks out acquisitions that can broaden its product offering, which add to its holistic solution approach.  ARC also makes acquisitions where it can vertically integrate its existing units.  ARC also evaluates new manufacturing/technology opportunities that fit into ARC’s broader objectives.  ARC’s team is highly experienced in mergers and acquisitions, having completed numerous transactions since 2000.
 
 
CULTURE
The key elements of ARC’s culture center around integrity, quality, entrepreneurship and most importantly our customers.  ARC’s goal is to provide the best manufacturing solutions, with the highest quality for our customers.  None of this can be accomplished without the utmost of integrity, which is core to our ethos.  We also have an entrepreneurial culture, where people treat company assets like their own.  Our goal is to retain this sense of ownership and excitement while avoiding bureaucracy, with the goal of combining an entrepreneurial spirit with the benefits of a large organization.
 
 
 
 









Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017















ARC Group Worldwide Careers
























QUOTE NOW






 












WELCOME TO THE ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC. CAREERS PAGE








ARC is always looking for highly driven, energetic self-starters that want to work in an entrepreneurial environment.  If you want to be a part of the next industrial revolution, then please download our Employment Application below and email it to:














Affirmative Action Information






Application for Employment








Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017

















ARC Group Worldwide Contact Us
























QUOTE NOW





 








CONTACT US







For General Inquiries regarding ARC Group Worldwide, Inc., please fill out the form on the right or email Info@arcw.com.




For information regarding the ARC Group Companies, please see contact information below.






FloMet
 
810 Flightline Boulevard
 
DeLand, FL 32724
 
(386) 736-4890
 




Injectamax International
 
810 Flightline Boulevard
 
DeLand, FL 32724
 
(386) 736-3486
 




Advance Tooling Concepts
 
33 South Pratt Parkway
 
Longmont, CO 80504
 
(303) 772-2525
 




ThixoForming
 
8906 Frontier Street
 
Firestone, CO 80504
 
(303) 833-6000
 






Advanced Forming Technology
 
7040 Weld County Road 20
 
Longmont, CO 80504
 
(303) 833-6000
 




Advanced Forming Technology Hungary
 
Ipari Park 5 2651
 
Rétság, Hungary
 
(+36) 35 551-000
 




General Flange & Forge
 
2381 Philmont Ave., Suite 125
 
Hungtingdon Valley, PA 19006
 
(215) 938-6900
 




KECY - Michigan
 
4111 Munson Road
 
Hudson, MI 49247
 
(517) 448-8954
 







Untitled Document













	Name 
	Email Address 
            Phone 
Country--None--Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Chinese Taipei
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


Industry--None--3D Printing
Aerospace
Defense
General Industry
Medical
RapidMIM
Tooling
Transportation
Other



Process Materials:3D Printing / Sintering (Additive Manufacturing)
MIM (Metal Injection Molding)
Plastic Injection Molding
Thixoforming (Magnesium Injection)
Metal Stamping
Flanges


Description
 






3D Material Technologies
 
810 Flightline Boulevard
 
DeLand, FL 32724
 
(386) 626-0001
 




KECY - Ohio
 
447 East Walnut Street
 
Wauseon, OH 43567
 
(419) 335-6010
 










Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017












404: Page not found

        This error is generated when there was no web page with the name you specified at the web site.
    


            Troubleshooting suggestions:
        


        Ensure the page you are linking to exists in the correct folder.
    

        Check your file name for case sensitivity . Index.htm is not the same as index.htm!
    

        Temporarily disable any rewrite rules by renaming your .htaccess file if it exists.
    






QUOTE
























QUOTE NOW





 








REQUEST FOR QUOTE







 
Thank you for your interest in ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Please fill out the following form and we will be contacting you shortly.
 






Untitled Document



	Name 
    Company 
	Email Address 
            Phone 
            Material 
            Finish Requirements 
            Estimated Annual Volume 
            
	Comments   
	Security Code  ↺
	Enter Security Code 
 









Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017

















About ARC Group Worldwide

























ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC. LEADERSHIP


QUOTE NOW







 






 
 
ABOUT
 
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. is a global advanced manufacturing and 3D printing service provider focused on accelerating speed-to-market for its customers.  ARC utilizes technology to improve automation in manufacturing through robotics, software, and process automation, as well as lean manufacturing to improve efficiency.  ARC provides a holistic set of precision manufacturing solutions, from design and prototyping, through full run production.  These solutions include metal injection molding, plastic and metal 3D printing, metal stamping, plastic injection molding, clean room injection molding, rapid tooling, thixomolding, and flanges.
 
ARC believes the methodologies and systems of how products get manufactured will change materially over the next 10-20 years, due to technology such as automation, 3D printing, robotics, software, artificial intelligence and cheaper energy prices.  ARC’s objective is to be an accelerator of this technology adoption in traditional mass-production.  The resulting change will be a world where lead times are reduced, supply chains are localized, and customers get to market in a quicker and more efficient way than they do today.
 
 
ARC’s strategy hinges on two key pillars:
 
(i.) Holistic Solution Provider: ARC’s customers want to consolidate their massive, convoluted supply chains.  As a result, ARC has shaped its strategy around being a “one-stop shop” for its customer base, by providing holistic solutions for metal and plastic fabrication.
 
(ii.) Time to Market: ARC’s customers also want to get to market as quickly as possible to stay ahead of their competition.  Today’s current manufacturing supply chain is bogged down by lengthy quoting bottlenecks, tooling time/cost and a wide array of manufacturing design complexities.  ARC’s solution, is to offer its services cradle to grave, from product development, to prototype to short- to long-run production.
 
With regard to the first pillar, ARC’s MIM business usually makes not only the critical component in its client’s product, but also one of the most difficult parts.  Therefore, ARC identified an opportunity to build out its product offering off the heels of its MIM business, by adding new capabilities and services in metal and plastic fabrication, to offer a more holistic solution to its customers.  As a result, ARC offers additional fabricating capabilities to its MIM part programs, which helps ARC’s customers reduce their supply chain and have a more efficient design/build process.
 
With regard to the second pillar, customers want reduced lead time, which can quite often be many weeks or months to get to production parts.  ARC’s subsidiary 3DMT cuts down on lead and tool time, by offering prototype and short run production parts.  3DMT has a wide array of metal and plastic 3D printers, in-house tooling and a proprietary Rapid MIM process.  The other key element of getting to market quickly is reducing quoting time, which could also take weeks traditionally.  ARC began development in late 2013 of a proprietary online automatic quoting system, which will be rolled out across the ARC divisions starting in mid-2014.
 
ARC offers a holistic ecosystem of products to its customer base and helps them get to market as quickly as possible for short and long run production.  ARC’s investment and focus on technology will be a key driver of the changing manufacturing landscape of the future.
 
 
ACQUISITIONS
ARC makes acquisitions that are strategic to its business.  ARC seeks out acquisitions that can broaden its product offering, which add to its holistic solution approach.  ARC also makes acquisitions where it can vertically integrate its existing units.  ARC also evaluates new manufacturing/technology opportunities that fit into ARC’s broader objectives.  ARC’s team is highly experienced in mergers and acquisitions, having completed numerous transactions since 2000.
 
 
CULTURE
The key elements of ARC’s culture center around integrity, quality, entrepreneurship and most importantly our customers.  ARC’s goal is to provide the best manufacturing solutions, with the highest quality for our customers.  None of this can be accomplished without the utmost of integrity, which is core to our ethos.  We also have an entrepreneurial culture, where people treat company assets like their own.  Our goal is to retain this sense of ownership and excitement while avoiding bureaucracy, with the goal of combining an entrepreneurial spirit with the benefits of a large organization.
 
 
 
 









Copyright © ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. 2017










ARC Group Worldwide, Inc Competitors and Products in the Medical Device Directory   Medical Device DirectoryARC Group Worldwide, IncARC Group Worldwide, Inc Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 033 South Pratt PkwyLongmont, CO 80504About ARC Group Worldwide, IncARC Group Worldwide (NASDAQ: ARCW) is a leading global advanced manufacturing and 3D printing service provider. Founded in 1987, the Company offers its customers a compelling portfolio of advanced manufacturing technologies and cutting-edge capabilities to improve the efficiency of traditional manufacturing processes and accelerate their time to market. In addition to being a world leader in metal injection molding, ARC has significant expertise in 3D printing and imaging, advanced tooling, automation, machining, plastic injection molding, lean manufacturing, and robotics. ARC's mission is to bring innovation and technology to manufacturing.Competitors of ARC Group Worldwide, IncD&K Engineering IncD&K Engineering is a global product realization company specializing in the design, engineering and manufacturing of complex electro-mechanical products and equipment. With integrated R&D, engineering and contract manufacturing capabilities in both San Diego and Singapore, D&K Engineering works... Read More Send an email Email Sent 3 products Write a reviewFlexible Circuit TechnologiesFlexible Circuit Technologies, Inc. (Flexible Circuit), a leading supplier of flex circuit design, rigid flex circuits, flexible circuits and heaters, knows how difficult it can be to find a supplier that is experienced in a wide variety of industries and diverse enough to take on any technical... Read More Send an email Email Sent 3 products Write a reviewReaux Medical MoldingWith over 30 years of experience molding specialized rubber components, Reaux Medical Molding provides ISO 13485 certified molding solutions for the medical device industry. We have worked with medical device companies to provide technical support for designing parts to meet stringent medical... write a review×Rate and Review ARC Group Worldwide, Inc     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of ARC Group Worldwide, Inc.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review D&K Engineering Inc     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of D&K Engineering Inc. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of D&K Engineering Inc.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact D&K Engineering Inc Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Device Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Flexible Circuit Technologies     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Flexible Circuit Technologies. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Flexible Circuit Technologies.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Flexible Circuit Technologies Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Device Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Reaux Medical Molding     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Reaux Medical Molding. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Reaux Medical Molding.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Medical Device Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Medical Device Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address










 













ARCW stock quote - ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock price - NASDAQ.com




































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    ARCW















ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock Quote & Summary Data 


ARCW 
$2.95
*  
0.005

0.17%
Get ARCW Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 25, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading ARCW now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
Industry: Capital Goods 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    ARCW After Hours



















ARCW





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off


















                                            Best Bid/Ask
                                            


                                                    "Best Bid" is the highest price currently being offered for a block of stock.
                                                    
                                                    "Best Ask" is the lowest price currently being asked for a block of stock.
                                                




$ 2.15 / $ 3.30


1 Year Target





                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 3.05 / $ 2.95




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





6,311





                                        50 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




12,949




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 2.955




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 5.95 / $ 2.1745
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 53,606,297 




                                            P/E Ratio
                                            


                                                    "P/E Ratio" is a statistic calculated by dividing the price of a stock by the reported actual earnings per share of the issuing firm (not the same as the projected P/E ratio); it is also called the "multiple".
                                                




NE




                                        Forward P/E(1y)
                                            


                                                        A widely used stock evaluation measure. For a security, the Price/Earnings Ratio is given by dividing the Last Sale Price by the Average EPS (Earnings Per Share) Estimate for the specified fiscal time period. The forward P/E refers to the value for the next full year. 
                                                    




NE




                                            Earnings Per Share (EPS)
                                            


	                                                    The EPS listed on our infoquote and Summary Quote page is "12-mos Rolling". EPS represents the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Net income (reported or estimated) for a period of time is divided by the total number of shares outstanding (TSO) during that period; See growth rate measures for EPS. Our vendor's methodology for the EPS on the infoquote and Summary Quote pages follows the EPS used by the majority of the analysts following the stock, in many cases this is EBITDA EPS. 
	                                                




$ -0.04


Annualized dividend
N/A




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




N/A


Dividend Payment Date
N/A




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




0 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




1.56




                                            NASDAQ Official Open Price
                                            


	                                                NASDAQ Official Opening Price: This process identifies the NASDAQ-specific opening prices for NASDAQ-listed issues.
	                                                




$ 2.90




									            Date of Open Price
									            


											            "Date of Open Price" This field refers to the date the NASDAQ Official Open Price was disseminated for a given stock. It is possible that the date will not be from the current trading day; this indicates that the stock didn't trade on NASDAQ during the current trading day. The NASDAQ Official Open Price is updated only when the stock is traded on NASDAQ. 
											            




Jul. 25, 2017




                                        NASDAQ Official Close Price
                                        


                                                    "NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP)" is a process for identifying the NASDAQ market-specific closing price for NASDAQ-listed issues.
                                                    




$ 2.95




                                            Date of Close Price
                                            


	                                                This field refers to the date the NOCP was disseminated for a given stock. It is possible that the date will not be from the prior day; this indicates that the stock didn't trade on NASDAQ on the prior day. The NOCP is updated only when the stock is traded on NASDAQ. 
	                                                




Jul. 25, 2017


Community Sentiment







Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













Company Description (as filed with the SEC)
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (referred to herein with all of its subsidiaries as
the "Company" or "ARC") is a leading, global advanced manufacturer offering a
full suite of products and services to our customers, including: (i) metal
injection molding ("MIM"); (ii) 3D metal and plastic printing (also referred to
as "Additive Manufacturing"); (iii) precision metal stamping; (iv) traditional
and clean room plastic injection molding; and (v) advanced rapid and conformal
tooling. Through our diverse product offering, we provide our customers with a
holistic prototyping and full-run production solution for both precision metal
and plastic fabrication. We further differentiate ourselves from our competitors
by providing innovative, custom capabilities, which improve high-precision
manufacturing efficiency and speed-to-market for our customers.  ... More ...  




Risk Grade

			        Where does ARCW fit in the risk graph?
				
































News for ARCW









                        Harris Supplies Weather Satellite Instrument to South Korea
                    

6/26/2017 9:03:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Supermarket stocks, Booz Allen, Cal-Maine
                    

6/16/2017 10:57:00 AM - Reuters



                        Harris Corp (HRS) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Misses Revenues
                    

2/2/2017 12:00:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Harris Corp (HRS) Completes CapRock Communication Sale
                    

1/4/2017 8:41:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        ARC Group Worldwide (ARCW) Looks Good: Stock Up 12.6%
                    

11/29/2016 9:30:00 AM - Zacks.com




 Subscribe


                More ARCW News & Commentary



                Read ARCW Press Releases





















Consensus Recommendation


















Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$-0.08


Quarterly EPS Est:
-0.06


PEG Ratio:
-.03


Mean Recommendation:
0




            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX
























































ARC Group Worldwide Inc - NASDAQ:ARCW - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















ARC Group Worldwide Inc (ARCW)
Follow




                                    3.00
                                

0.04
1.50




                        NASDAQ : Industrial Goods
                    

Jul 25, 2017 3:51 PM EDT












Prev Close
  2.96


Open
2.99


Day Low/High

                                    2.95 /
                                    3.05


52 Wk Low/High

                                    1.05 /
                                    4.79
                                


Volume
6.31K


Avg Volume 
14.40K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
18.17M


Market Cap
54.51M


EPS
-0.10


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




ARC Group Worldwide Announces New Interim Chief Executive Officer And Board Member






ARC Group Worldwide Reports Fiscal Year Third Quarter 2017 Results













ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Release Date And Conference Call


May 11, 2017 4:30 PM EDT









ARC Group Worldwide And EOS North America Announce Expanded Metal 3D Printing Partnership


May 5, 2017 6:00 AM EDT













ARC Group Worldwide Reaches Analyst Target Price
In recent trading, shares of ARC Group Worldwide Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $5.17, changing hands for $5.80/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Nov 29, 2016 9:10 AM EST













Insider Trading Alert - SKUL, ARCW And CIEN Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include SKUL, ARCW and CIEN

Feb 16, 2016 10:00 AM EST













SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces An Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud By ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. And Certain Officers And Directors
Levi & Korsinsky, LLP announces that it has commenced an investigation of ARC Group Worldwide, Inc.

Dec 18, 2015 5:22 PM EST













Insider Trading Alert - ARCW, EGBN And NHI Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include ARCW, EGBN and NHI

Dec 2, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Insider Trading Alert - AEP, CMPR And ARCW Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include AEP, CMPR and ARCW

Nov 25, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Short Interest Decreases By 66% For ARCW
The most recent short interest data has been released by the NASDAQ for the 04/15/2015 settlement date, which shows a 428,381 share decrease in total short interest for ARC Group Worldwide Inc , to 220,668, a decrease of 66.00% since 03/31/2015. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

May 5, 2015 4:21 PM EDT













Fly Watch: 3D Systems, Stratasys To Present At Summit Tomorrow
A group of 3D printer makers will hold small group meetings and one-on-one meetings with investors at the Jefferies 3D Printing Summit tomorrow.

Mar 25, 2015 1:03 PM EDT













ARC Group Worldwide Is Now Oversold (ARCW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Feb 6, 2015 12:18 PM EST













ARC Group Worldwide Becomes Oversold (ARCW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jan 14, 2015 12:22 PM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ADBE, ALTR, BANC, SPAN, WIFI
    
Downgrades:  ARCW, BID, BRSS, DEST, FMC, INWK, KTOS, SCOK, SOFO, TTI, WAIR
    
Initiations:  EROS
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Dec 12, 2014 11:00 AM EST













Insider Trading Alert - ARCW, CVV And NBY Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include ARCW, CVV and NBY

Dec 5, 2014 10:15 AM EST









Ratings Changes Today
    
    
    
Upgrades:  BMA, CIZN, ENTG, FBNC, FUR, HALL, IPXL, MG, RRMS, SYK, SYNL, UAMY, UVV
    
Downgrades: GBR, SVT, TLK, WPX
    
Initiations: ARCW, TSRE
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:
    


Dec 2, 2013 12:27 PM EST













ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Announces Management Equity Grant
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ Capital Market:ARCW) (the “Company” or 
      “ARC”) announced an equity grant of 145,456 shares of the Company’s 
      Common Stock to Mr.

Aug 20, 2013 4:05 PM EDT













ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Announces Board And Management Transitions
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ Capital Market: ARCW; the “Company” or 
      “ARC”) announced transitions on its Board of Directors as well as the 
      re-appointment of Mr.

Aug 8, 2013 4:00 AM EDT













ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Reports Second Quarter Net Income Of $0.8 Million
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ Capital Market: ARCW; “ARC”) reported 
      today financial results for its fiscal 2013 second quarter ended 
      December 30, 2012.

Feb 13, 2013 6:03 PM EST













ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Reports Adjusted EPS Of $0.23 For Quarter Ending September 30, 2012
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ Capital Market: ARCW; “ARC”) reported 
      today Adjusted Earnings Per Share (“Adjusted EPS”) of $0.

Nov 14, 2012 5:42 PM EST













ARC Wireless Solutions Announces Filing Of Definitive Proxy Statement; Sets Record, Annual Meeting, And Target Closing Dates For Acquisitions
The board of directors of ARC Wireless Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQCM: ARCW) 
      (“ARC”) is pleased to announce it has filed the definitive proxy 
      statement regarding its reverse acquisition by Quadrant Metals 
...

Jul 16, 2012 5:55 PM EDT













ARC Wireless Solutions’ Previously Announced Acquisition Of Advanced Forming Technology And Quadrant Metals Technologies Scheduled To Close In Third Quarter
ARC Wireless Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQCM: ARCW) ("ARC") announced today 
      that its acquisition of Advanced Forming Technology, Inc.

Jun 29, 2012 8:59 AM EDT













ARC Wireless Now Shipping ARCFlexTM Antennas With Patent-Pending Dual Polarization Adjustable Beamwidth Technology
ARC Wireless (ARCW), a leading designer and manufacturer of wireless 
      broadband technology, today announced the launch of ARCFlex™ 
      Dual-Polarization Variable Sector Antennas for deployments in advanced 
      fixed...

Jun 14, 2012 9:52 AM EDT









ARC Wireless Solutions Inc. Stock Upgraded (ARCW)
ARC Wireless Solutions (Nasdaq:ARCW) has been upgraded by TheStreet Ratings from a sell to hold.

Aug 22, 2011 8:36 AM EDT






























Quant Rating on 3:51 PM EDT 7/25/2017


D+
(Sell)






Get the (ARCW) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Harris Supplies Weather Satellite Instrument to South Korea

Zacks



ARC Group misses by $0.11, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Monday’s close

SeekingAlpha



ARC Group misses by $0.01, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

SeekingAlpha



ARC Group Worldwide (ARCW) Looks Good: Stock Up 12.6%

Zacks



ARC Group misses by $0.02, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

SeekingAlpha



ARC Group Worldwide announces sale of non-core division

SeekingAlpha



ARC Group (ARCW) in Focus: Stock Jumps 8.1% in Session

Zacks



ARC Group misses by $0.03, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Friday’s open

SeekingAlpha



ARC Group structural levers will drive growth through 2017, says Brean Capital

The Fly



ARC Group should be bought ahead of catalysts, says Brean Capital

The Fly



New Strong Sell Stocks for December 31st

Zacks



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

D+ (Sell)



Get the (ARCW) Report Here 













 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














ARC Group Worldwide, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 4:54 PM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of ARC Group Worldwide, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. operates as a manufacturing and 3D printing service provider worldwide. It utilizes technology to enhance automation in manufacturing through robotics, software, and process automation, as well as lean manufacturing to enhance efficiency. The company provides a set of precision manufacturing solutions, from design and prototyping through full run production. It operates in four segments: Precision Components Group, 3DMT Group, Flanges and Fittings Group, and Wireless Group. The Precision Components Group segment provides engineered fabricated metal components using processes consisting of metal injection molding, precision metal stamping, and hermetic sealing. This ...
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. operates as a manufacturing and 3D printing service provider worldwide. It utilizes technology to enhance automation in manufacturing through robotics, software, and process automation, as well as lean manufacturing to enhance efficiency. The company provides a set of precision manufacturing solutions, from design and prototyping through full run production. It operates in four segments: Precision Components Group, 3DMT Group, Flanges and Fittings Group, and Wireless Group. The Precision Components Group segment provides engineered fabricated metal components using processes consisting of metal injection molding, precision metal stamping, and hermetic sealing. This segment serves medical and dental device, firearm and defense, automotive, aerospace, consumer durable, and electronic device industries. The 3DMT Group segment offers various tooling product line, as well as 3D metal printing solutions. This segment also provides plastic injection moldings, as well as in-house molding and tooling for markets, such as medical and dental device, electronic, consumer, and defense industries. The Flange and Fittings Group segment offers general flanges and forges that provide custom machining solutions and special flange facings. The Wireless Group segment focuses on wireless broadband technology related to propagation and optimization. It designs and develops hardware, including antennas, radios, and related accessories used in broadband, industrial, and other wireless networks. This segment sells its products to public and private carriers, wireless infrastructure providers, wireless equipment distributors, value-added resellers, and other original equipment manufacturers. ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. was founded in 1987 and is based in Deland, Florida.
Detailed Description


810 Flightline BoulevardDeland, FL 32724United StatesFounded in 1987560 Employees



Phone: 303-467-5236

www.arcgroupworldwide.net







Key Executives for ARC Group Worldwide, Inc.




Mr. Drew M. Kelley


      	Interim CEO, CFO & Director
      


Age: 41
        

Total Annual Compensation: $279.8K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Key Developments

ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Announces Management Changes
Jun 23 17
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. announced the appointment of Drew M. Kelley as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Board Member, replacing Jason T. Young, who is leaving his position with the company and ARC's Board to pursue other interests. Mr. Kelley has served as the company's Chief Financial Officer since October 2013, and prior to joining the company, was an accomplished investment banker and equity research analyst. The appointment will be effective July 1, 2017.


ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Presents at Powdermet2017, Jun-15-2017
Jun 8 17
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Presents at Powdermet2017, Jun-15-2017 . Venue: Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. Speakers: David Smith, Luke Skelly, Michael Wiseman, Thomas Houck, Vice President of Manufacturing- MIM Division.


ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended April 2, 2017
May 15 17
ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended April 2, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported sales of $25,472,000 against $24,885,000 a year ago. The growth in sales was primarily driven by higher MIM sales across multiple industries. Loss before income taxes was $2,661,000 against $802,000 a year ago. Net loss from continuing operations was $2,781,000 or $0.15 per basic and diluted share against $794,000 or $0.04 per basic and diluted share a year ago. Net loss was $2,774,000 against $337,000 a year ago. Net loss income attributable to the company was $2,774,000 or $0.15 per basic and diluted share against $361,000 or $0.02 per basic and diluted share a year ago. EBITDA from continuing operations was $750,000 against $2,694,000 a year ago. Facility EBITDA from continuing operations was $2,027,000 against $3,938,000 a year ago. Adjusted loss was $2,852,000 or $0.16 per share against $704,000 or $0.04 per share a year ago. 

For the nine months, the company reported sales of $80,498,000 against $72,353,000 a year ago. Loss before income taxes was $4,762,000 against $2,872,000 a year ago. Net loss from continuing operations was $3,581,000 or $0.19 per basic and diluted share against $2,306,000 or $0.13 per basic and diluted share a year ago. Net profit was $123,000 against net loss of $1,372,000 a year ago. Net profit income attributable to the company was $97,000 or $0.01 per basic and diluted share against net loss attributable to the company of $1,460,000 or $0.08 per basic and diluted share a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,514,000 against $3,833,000 a year ago. Purchases of property and equipment were $5,324,000 against $1,918,000 a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 +Vantage Corporation United States 101 Imports, Inc. United States 21st Century Energy, Inc. United States 360 Yield Center, LLC United States 3DEO, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      September 30, 2016
			    
Tekna Seal, LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ARC Group Worldwide, Inc., please visit www.arcgroupworldwide.net.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  ARCW:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - ARC Group Worldwide Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  ARC Group Worldwide Inc   ARCW:US   NASDAQ CM        2.95USD   0.00   0.17%     As of 4:30 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   2.99    Day Range   2.95 - 3.05    Volume   6,311    Previous Close   2.96    52Wk Range   2.17 - 5.95    1 Yr Return   13.46%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   2.99    Day Range   2.95 - 3.05    Volume   6,311    Previous Close   2.96    52Wk Range   2.17 - 5.95    1 Yr Return   13.46%    YTD Return   -32.95%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.18    Market Cap (m USD)   55.423    Shares Outstanding  (m)   18.172    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.49    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.06%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change -0.22%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/9/2017   3D Printing Market Growing at a CAGR of 25.76% During 2017 to 2023 - ReportsnReports.com     7/5/2017   3D Printing Market Worth 32.78 Billion USD by 2023     6/23/2017   ARC Group Worldwide Announces New Interim Chief Executive Officer and Board Member     5/15/2017   ARC Group Worldwide Reports Fiscal Year Third Quarter 2017 Results     5/11/2017   ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Release Date and Conference Call     5/5/2017   ARC Group Worldwide and EOS North America Announce Expanded Metal 3D Printing Partnership     2/9/2017   ARC Group Worldwide Reports Fiscal Year Second Quarter 2017 Results     1/31/2017   ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017  Earnings Release Date and Conference Call    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. is a diversified manufacturing holding company. The Company focuses on the manufacturing precision components, flanges, and wireless technology. ARC Group Worldwide offers its products and services around the world.    Address  810 Flightline BlvdDeland, FL 32724United States   Phone  1-386-736-4890   Website   www.arcgroupworldwide.com     Executives Board Members    Drew M Kelley  Interim CEO/CFO     Show More         ARC Group WorldWide Inc: NASDAQ:ARCW quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceARC Group WorldWide Inc(NASDAQ:ARCW)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




ARC Group WorldWide Inc  (Public, NASDAQ:ARCW)  
Watch this stock
 




















2.95


0.00
(-0.17%)





Jul 25 - Close


NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

2.90 - 3.05



52 week

2.17 - 5.95



Open

2.99



Vol / Avg.

6,311.00/16,150.00



Mkt cap

52.80M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-0.25



Shares

18.17M



Beta

3.63



Inst. own

17%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for ARC Group WorldWide Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add ARCW to my calendars





Sep 7, 2017
Q4 2017 ARC Group Worldwide Inc Earnings Release (Estimated)
- 4:00PM EDT -






May 24, 2017
ARC Group Worldwide Inc at B. Riley Investor Conference



May 15, 2017
Q3 2017 ARC Group Worldwide Inc Earnings Call



May 15, 2017
Q3 2017 ARC Group Worldwide Inc Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q2 (Apr '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-10.92%
-2.12%

Operating margin
-7.40%
2.08%

EBITD margin
-
11.32%

Return on average assets
-9.92%
-1.79%

Return on average equity
-24.40%
-5.20%

Employees
560
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
7040 COUNTY ROAD 20LONGMONT, CO 80504-5453United States
- Map+1-303-4675236 (Phone)

Website links


http://www.arcgroupworldwide.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Telecommunications Services > Industry: Integrated Telecommunications Services - NEC

More from FactSet »










Description




ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. is a manufacturing company. The Company has four segments: Precision Components Group, 3DMT Group, Flanges and Fittings Group, and Wireless Group. It provides a set of manufacturing solutions, from design and prototyping through production. Through the Company's product offering, it provides its customers with a prototyping and production solution for both precision metal and plastic fabrication. The Precision Components Group companies provide fabricated metal components using processes, consisting of metal injection molding, precision metal stamping and hermetic sealing. The 3DMT Group focuses on rapid prototyping, short-run production and rapid tooling. The Flange and Fittings Group consists of General Flange and Forge. The Wireless Group focuses on wireless broadband technology related to propagation and optimization. The Wireless Group designs and develops hardware, including antennas, radios and related accessories.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Alan G. Quasha

Chairman of the Board





Age: 68

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Drew M. Kelley

Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director





Age: 39

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Todd A. Grimm

Independent Director





Age: 53

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Eddie W. Neely

Independent Director





Age: 65

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Gregory D. Wallis

Independent Director





Age: 57

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















arc worldwide group - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Worldwide - Search For Worldwide.



Ad
 ·
downloadsearch.cnet.com



Search For Worldwide. find Great Results Right Away





All That You Need



Be Finance Savvy




Easy & Simple Accounting



Read Financial News





Searches related toarc worldwide group



arc group worldwide longmont co


arc group worldwide headquarters


arc group worldwide stock


arc group worldwide corporate office



arc longmont colorado


arc group


arc worldwide chicago


arc group usa




Web Results

ARC Group Worldwide

www.arcgroupworldwide.com


Bringing Innovation to Manufacturing . ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARCW) is a leading global advanced manufacturing and 3D printing service provider.



Contact Us



Arc 3D Printing



About



Careers



Jason Young



Quote



Arc Worldwide

arcww.com


Arc Worldwide Wins Gold for Intel and Coca-Cola/McDonald’s at the PRO Awards


ARC Group Worldwide Inc. - MarketWatch

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/ARCW


ARC Group Worldwide Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Arc Worldwide

arcww.com/about-us


U.S. President and Chief Strategy Officer, Arc Worldwide. As P&G’s strategy lead for the Leo Burnett Group and Arc’s business lead for P&G, Karuna wears many hats ...


ARC Group Worldwide - Home | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/ArcGroupWorldwide


ARC Group Worldwide, Deland. 27,572 likes · 11 talking about this. ARC Group Worldwide (NASDAQ: ARCW) is a leading global advanced manufacturing and 3D...


ARC Group Worldwide, Inc.: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/.../snapshot.asp?privcapId=191538755


ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Arc Group Worldwide, Inc. - Zacks Investment Research

https://www.zacks.com/stock/quote/ARCW


View ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. ARCW investment & stock information. Get the latest ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. ARCW detailed stock quotes, stock data, Real-Time ECN ...


ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock (ARCW) - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/arcw


Stock quote for ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. Common Stock (ARCW) - Get real-time last sale and extended hours stock prices, company news, charts, and company-specific ...


ARC Group Worldwide Inc. - MarketWatch

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/ARCW/news


Updated news for ARC Group Worldwide Inc. - including ARCW company news, press releases and other industry & stock market news.










Worldwide - Search For Worldwide.



Ad
 ·
downloadsearch.cnet.com



Search For Worldwide. find Great Results Right Away





All That You Need



Be Finance Savvy




Easy & Simple Accounting



Read Financial News




Searches related toarc worldwide group



arc group worldwide longmont co


arc group worldwide headquarters


arc group worldwide stock


arc group worldwide corporate office



arc longmont colorado


arc group


arc worldwide chicago


arc group usa




12345Next






Answers







ARC group



The ARC group formed in the early 1980s. Some members of the group met at the Slade School of Art while others were studying architecture. All were...

more






Arc Technology Group



Aesiq, Inc d/b/a Arc Technology Group is a web development and web content management system firm specializing in Joomla headquartered in Evanston,...

more






Crown Worldwide Group



The Crown Worldwide Group, headquartered in Hong Kong, provides transportation, relocation services, logistics and storage services from offices in...

more










News Results






Arc System Works Announces Worldwide Release...



DualShockers

 - Jul 19


Arc System Works revealed that they have teamed up with Arzest to release a new title called Boost Beast, coming to Nintendo Switch on July 20 in North...

more





ACG Worldwide Appoints Group CEO



Contract Pharma Front Page

 - 6 hrs ago


Richard Stedman has been appointed Group chief executive officer for ACG Worldwide’s Engineering business units. ACG serves customers in 100 countries...

more





ARC Advisory Group forum focuses on digital...



On Windows Current Issue

 - Jul 24


Themed ‘Industry in Transition: Realizing the Digital Enterprise’ ARC Advisory Group's 15th India Forum for the process and discrete industries...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.





















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


