


 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		
		ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd
		
	

	

   


	0000945621-16-000747 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd 

					D
				

					  0000945621-16-000747 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Oct. 17, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Oct. 17, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Oct. 17, 2016



Signed By

 Irene Milin Liaw


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0000945621-16-000747
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							

								3C Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)
							

								3C.7 Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)(7)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd


			[ Other exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			CAYMAN ISLANDS
		


	 
	
	 C/O WALKERS CORP. LTD., CAYMAN CORP. CTR
	 
	  27 HOSPITAL ROAD, GEORGE TOWN
	
	   GRAND CAYMAN, 
	   E9, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 CAYMAN ISLANDS
		
	
	   (852) 27012280    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


N/A ArchiTech Capital Management Limited

[ Promoter ] 
[ Investment Manager of the Issuer (the "Investment Manager") ]

	 
	
	 Suite 2002B, 20/F, the Centrium
	 
	 ,  60 Wyndham Street, Central
	
	  ,  Hong Kong, 
	   K3, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 HONG KONG
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Irene M. Liaw

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 c/o ArchiTech Capital Management Limited
	 
	 ,  Suite 2002B, 20/F, 60 Wyndham Street
	
	  ,  Hong Kong, 
	   K3, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 HONG KONG
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Bleddyn Gambold

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 c/o ArchiTech Capital Management Limited
	 
	 ,  Suite 2002B, 20/F, 60 Wyndham Street
	
	  ,  Hong Kong, 
	   K3, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 HONG KONG
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Marc Peter Towers

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 c/o ArchiTech Capital Management Limited
	 
	 ,  Suite 2002B, 20/F, 60 Wyndham Street
	
	  ,  Hong Kong, 
	   K3, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 HONG KONG
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Pooled Investment Fund Other Investment Fund
		

			Offering Data
		

			Agg net asset value range: Decline to Disclose


Date of first sale: 
Yet to occur 


			
				[ Pooled investment fund ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 0
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			# investors
		
 
			0 investors have already invested in this offering
		
 
			The minimum investment amount is subject to the discretion of the Directors to reduce or waive this sum, but in no circumstances will the Directors permit a subscription of Shares less than $100,000.
		



			Signature
		


				ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd [ /s/ Irene Milin Liaw ]  
				Irene Milin Liaw [ Director ] 2016-10-14
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd
 Cik: 0001686846
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 C/O WALKERS CORP. LTD., CAYMAN CORP. CTR
	 
	  27 HOSPITAL ROAD, GEORGE TOWN
	
	   GRAND CAYMAN, 
	   E9, 
	   KY1-9008
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 CAYMAN ISLANDS
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 





			CAYMAN ISLANDS 
		
		[ E9 ] 
1231



	 
	
	 C/O WALKERS CORP. LTD., CAYMAN CORP. CTR
	 
	  27 HOSPITAL ROAD, GEORGE TOWN
	
	   GRAND CAYMAN, 
	   E9, 
	   KY1-9008
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 CAYMAN ISLANDS
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-272607
film number161938185



























































ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd - Pooled Investment Fund- Archi Tech Capital Management Limited  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Walkers Corp. Ltd., Cayman Corp. Ctr 27 Hospital Road, George Town 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-9008Phone: (852) 27012280 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-17


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Archi Tech Capital Management Limited 
 Promoter 


 Bleddyn Gambold 
 Director 


 Irene M. Liaw 
 Director 


 Marc Peter Towers 
 Director 












ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd
List of persons related to the company ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd.

CIK Number: 0001686846Company address: C/O WALKERS CORP. LTD., CAYMAN CORP. CTR 27 HOSPITAL ROAD, GEORGE TOWN GRAND CAYMAN KY1-9008Phone number: (852) 27012280



People related to ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd
NamePositionStreetCityCountryArchiTech Capital Management Limited  N/ASuite 2002B, 20/F, the Centrium 60 Wyndham Street, CentralHong KongHong KongGambold  Bleddync/o ArchiTech Capital Management Limited Suite 2002B, 20/F, 60 Wyndham StreetHong KongHong KongM. Liaw  Irenec/o ArchiTech Capital Management Limited Suite 2002B, 20/F, 60 Wyndham StreetHong KongHong KongPeter Towers  Marcc/o ArchiTech Capital Management Limited Suite 2002B, 20/F, 60 Wyndham StreetHong KongHong Kong




ArchiTech Capital Feeder Fund Ltd on the Web












 






 

    NGA Capital Feeder Fund Ltd. Rankings


















Toggle navigation





 

 
 


Toggle navigation



 
 






                    NGA Capital Feeder Fund Ltd.

                    
                                            
Claim


 


Quick Statistics:



            Current Rank:
        

           New
        



            Current Score:
        





            Current Rank:
        





            All-time Average Rank:
        

            219
        



            All-time Average Score:
        

            274
        



            Max Drawdown:
        





            Annualized Standard Deviation:
        





            Year to Date Return:
        





           5-Star Rating:
        



 

Recent Performance:



Month
HedgeRank™
Rank
Change
HedgeScore™
Score
Change
One Month Return
Return Amount
12 Month Return
5 Year Return
Total Assets




April / 2016

                376
            
 -170
234
 -30
0.34%
Unknown
-7.65
33.12

                    $160,837,392
                


October / 2015

                206
            
 -51
264
 -23
1.10%
Unknown
-2.21
37.44

                    $193,412,195
                


July / 2015

                155
            
 114
287
 37
1.77%
Unknown
-0.81
65.70

                    $211,355,058
                


June / 2015

                269
            
 -135
250
 -60
-2.80%
Unknown
-3.72
74.06

                    $208,152,077
                


November / 2014

                134
            
 41
310
 10
0.24%
Unknown
7.19
120.31

                    $203,298,761
                


September / 2014

                175
            
 0
300
New
-1.58%
Unknown
11.61
128.31

                    $203,446,467
                





Awards

This hedge fund has no awards.
 

Trophies

This hedge fund has not won any awards or trophies that we currently track. Are we missing something? 
 

Superlatives

 NGA Capital Feeder Fund Ltd.'s best month
        was July 2015,
        ranked #155 with a HedgeScore of 287
                    earning a 1.77% positive return of
            $3,740,985.
 NGA Capital Feeder Fund Ltd.'s worst month
            was June 2015
            , ranked #269 with a HedgeScore of 250
                    taking a -2.80% loss of
        -$5,828,258.
 

Graphs
Assets Under Management

Monthly Return Percentage

Return on Investment




Embed Options


Options:
            Quick Stats
            
            Recent Performance
            
            Trophies
            
            Superlatives
            
            Graphs
            




 
 
 


                Obligatory disclaimer: All of our data is crawled from the web and our understanding is that all hedge fund data is self-reported, meaning the data is only as good as the discloser is honest, and we obviously can't vouch for that.
                HedgeFundRanks.com is not an investment advisor. Use our rankings at your own risk!
            
 
 
























Feeder Fund

















































































 























Topics



What's New



Fed Expected to Leave Rates Unchanged; Balance Sheet in Focus




Twitter No Longer at 'Death's Door' as Earnings Report Approaches


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Tender Offer
An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Feeder Fund









Share








































What is a 'Feeder Fund'
A feeder fund is one of a number of funds that all put investment capital into an overarching umbrella fund that is called the master fund, for which one investment advisor handles all portfolio investments and trading. The two-tiered investment structure of a feeder fund and a master fund is commonly used by hedge funds as a means of assembling a larger portfolio account by pooling investment capital. Profits from the master fund are then split, or distributed, proportionately to the feeder funds based on the percentage of investment capital they have contributed to the master fund.

      
BREAKING DOWN 'Feeder Fund'
      In a feeder fund arrangement, all management fees and any performance fees due are paid by investors at the feeder fund level.The primary purpose served by the feeder fund-master fund structure is reduction of trading costs and overall operating costs. The master fund effectively achieves economies of scale through having access to the large pool of investment capital provided by a number of feeder funds, which enables it to operate less expensively than would be possible for any of the feeder funds investing on their own.The use of this two-tiered fund structure can be very advantageous when the feeder funds share common investment goals and strategies, but are not appropriate for a feeder fund with a unique investment strategy or aim, since those unique characteristics would be lost in the combination with other funds within a master fund.Structure of Feeder Funds and Master FundsThe feeder funds that invest capital in a master fund operate as separate legal entities from the master fund, and may be invested in more than one master fund. Various feeder funds invested in a master fund often differ substantially from one another in terms of things such as expense fees or investment minimums, and do not usually have identical net asset values (NAV). In the same way that a feeder fund is free to invest in more than one master fund, a master fund is likewise free to accept investments from a number of feeder funds.In regard to feeder funds operating in the United States, it is common for the master fund to be established as an offshore entity. This frees up the master fund to accept investment capital from both tax-exempt and U.S.-taxable investors. If, however, an offshore master fund elects to be taxed as a partnership or limited liability company (LLC) for U.S. tax purposes, then onshore feeder funds receive pass-through treatment of their share of the master fund's gains or losses, thus avoiding double taxation.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Master Fund                                            




                                                    Investment Fund                                            




                                                    Master Mortgage                                            




                                                    Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses                                            




                                                    Institutional Fund                                            




                                                    Hedge Fund                                            




                                                    Equity Fund                                            




                                                    Mutual Fund                                            




                                                    Fund Of Funds                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
























Element Capital Feeder Fund Ltd: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:44 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Element Capital Feeder Fund Ltd



Snapshot People




Company Overview



P.O. Box 309G.T., Ugland HouseGrand Cayman,  Cayman Islands



Phone: 212-993-7031








Key Executives for Element Capital Feeder Fund Ltd


Element Capital Feeder Fund Ltd does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Advance Capital Partners Limited Americas Alpine Group, S.A. Americas Argon Capital Group Americas Arqaam Capital Limited (Cayman) Americas Asia Healthcare Holdings I, Ltd Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Element Capital Feeder Fund Ltd, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Fact Sheet - Marriott International Growth Feeder Fund



































Marriott International Growth Feeder Fund



26 July 2017









General Information



Status

Capped



Fund category:
Unit Trust


Management company:
Marriott Unit Trust Management Company Ltd.


Asset Manager(s):

 Marriott Asset Management



Sector

Global--Multi Asset--Flexible



Benchmark

Average S&P 500 index and JP Morgan Global Government Bond index



Launch Date

02 July 2004



Fund Value

ZAR 325,744,170.00 as at 30 Jun 2017



Risk Rating

Low Risk  High Risk



Performance Target

N/A




Status is provided by the management company. This does not provide an indication of the availability of the fund within an Old Mutual product and may differ from the status of the fund within a product. The displayed risk rating may differ from the risk rating provided by the management company, where deemed appropriate.








Fund Description




This is a rand-denominated feeder fund that invests all its assets in the Marriott International Income Growth Fund. The objective and mandate of the Marriott International Income Growth Fund is to generate long-term capital growth and a distributable income stream through holding a combination of dividend paying equities, bonds, listed real estate securities and money market instruments.  The fund will be managed to achieve a gross yield in US dollar terms comparable to the yield generated by the average of the S&P 500 Index and the JP Morgan Global Government Bond Index, and generate capital growth in US dollars in excess of US Consumer Price Inflation.








Prices



Latest NAV/Sell Price:
ZAR 1,614.57
25 Jul 2017


Highest NAV/Sell Price:
ZAR 1,834.39
30 May 2016



Prices are those of the class available to the public through an Old Mutual product.







Price Performance












Daily Performance Figures as at 25 July 2017



Fund:Sector:
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years



-4.14%0.79%
11.84%8.37%
17.65%15.63%



            Fund performance results are calculated on the NAV-to-NAV fund performance of the
            oldest class,  net of asset management fees. Figures are calculated on a lump sum
            basis in the currency of the fund and are annualised. Sector performance results
            include reinvested income and are gross of any deductions.
             
        







Asset Management Fees



Initial Fee:

0%



Annual Fee:

0



Performance Fee:

N/A



Total Expense Ratio:

1.95




Fees are those of the class available to the public through an Old Mutual product and include VAT. Fees are those levied when investing in the fund through an Old Mutual product and are separate from product administration charges and adviser fees.  For feeder funds and funds of funds, the total annual asset management fee does not include the fees in respect of underlying unit trust charges. The annual underlying unit trust charges generally vary between 0.46% and 1.14% including VAT, depending on the fund(s) chosen.








Asset Split as at 31 March 2017



Holding Name
Percentage







Foreign Cash
4.54%


Foreign Equities
76.96%


Foreign Property
14.49%


Local Cash
4.01%






Top Holdings (out of 1) as at 30 June 2017



Holding Name
Sector
Percentage



O-MARINC
Offshore Intern
96.40%


CASH
Cash on call
3.60%







Disclaimer





                Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy and completeness
                of the content shown on this site, the information provided is not intended
                to construe advice or a recommendation, guidance or proposal regarding any
                financial product and the use of this site and the online services is entirely
                at the user's own risk. Old Mutual Life Assurance Company (SA) Limited and/or
                any of their respective affiliates, Old Mutual Investment Services (Pty) Ltd
                and Profile Group (Pty) Ltd shall not be responsible for any loss, damage
                (whether direct, indirect, special or consequential) and/or expense or any nature
                whatsoever, which may be suffered as a result of, or which may be attributable to
                the use of or reliance upon any information, links or services.
            
Information is subject to copyright.

                Copyright in all information supplied via this service is owned by Profile Group (Pty) Ltd
                and/or its subsidiaries, and is protected by both national and international intellectual property laws.  Accordingly, any unauthorised copying, reproduction, retransmission, distribution, dissemination, sale, publication, broadcast or other circulation or exploitation of this material will constitute an infringement of that copyright.  No part of the information supplied via this service may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from Profile Group (Pty) Ltd.
            















CQS Capital Structure Arbitrage Feeder Fund Ltd.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:44 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of CQS Capital Structure Arbitrage Feeder Fund Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for CQS Capital Structure Arbitrage Feeder Fund Ltd.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
CQS Capital Structure Arbitrage Feeder Fund Ltd. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeCassandra N. Powell   4 RelationshipsCQS Capital Structure Arbitrage Feeder Fund Ltd.--Gary   Trehiou   5 RelationshipsCQS Convertible And Quantitative Strategies Master Fund Limited--J. Dennis Hunter   6 RelationshipsIndus Emerging Markets Fund, Ltd.--Michael   Hintze   30 RelationshipsCQS Investment Management Limited--Jonathan   Crowther MA, FCA, CTA 8 RelationshipsVhc European Event Driven Fund Ltd--View All Board Members
CQS Capital Structure Arbitrage Feeder Fund Ltd. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CQS Capital Structure Arbitrage Feeder Fund Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Home - sanctacapital.com

















































 










 

							See Markets Differently



Our Firm
Principles
Founders
Media
Contact Us
 












Legal Disclaimer

Accept
Reject




 

Terms of Use
The terms and conditions of use set forth below apply to this website (collectively, the “Site”). Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the Site. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of use. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use, you may not access or use the Site. Sancta Capital Group Ltd and its affiliates (collectively referred to as “Sancta Capital”, “us”, “we” or “our”) reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time. Therefore, we suggest that you review these terms periodically for changes. By using our Site after we have posted changes to these terms and conditions of use, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms

Information for users
This Site is provided by Sancta Capital Group Ltd (“Sancta Capital”), Sancta Capital Management LLC (the “Investment Manager”), and Sancta Capital GP Ltd (the “General Partner”) and is for informational purposes only. Sancta Capital Partners LP is a Professional Fund recognized by the BVI Financial Services Commission (FSC). The Investment Manager is an Exempt Reporting Advisor recognized by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Texas State Securities Board.  The General Partner is licensed under the Investment Business (Approved Managers) Regulations, 2012 of the British Virgin Islands. Nothing contained in the Site constitutes investment, legal or tax advice. Neither the information, nor any opinion contained in the Site constitutes a solicitation or offer by Sancta Capital or other entity managed directly or indirectly by Sancta Capital, to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments or products. Decisions based on information contained on the Site are the sole responsibility of the visitor. No guarantee, representation, undertaking, warranty, advice or opinion, express or implied, is given by Sancta Capital, the Investment Manager, the General Partner, Sancta Capital Partners LP (“Master Fund”), Sancta Value Fund US LP (“US Feeder Fund”), and GMG Fund Administrators Ltd  (the “Administrator”) or their respective directors, officers, partners, shareholders or members as to the accuracy, authenticity or completeness of the information or opinions contained on this Site and no liability is accepted by such persons for the accuracy, authenticity or completeness of any such information or opinions.

This Site does not constitute or form any part of a prospectus, offer, invitation or solicitation for the sale of shares or interests in the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund, nor should it be construed to constitute any investment, legal or tax advice or opinion or guidance. It should not be used or considered for the purpose of any offer to sell or solicitation to purchase any interest in the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful or not authorised. This Site is not aimed at persons who are residents of any country in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make any offer to sell or solicitation to buy interests in the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund. Investors interested in acquiring shares and interests in the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund should inform themselves as to: (i) the legal requirements within the country of their nationality, residence, ordinary residence or domicile for such acquisition; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions or exchange control requirements which they might encounter on such acquisition; and (iii) the income tax and other taxation consequences which might be relevant to the acquisition, holding or disposal of shares and interests in the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund. Users of this Site who intend to subscribe for interests in the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund are reminded that any subscription for any interest in the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund can only be made by completing the subscription agreement for the relevant interest and shall be made solely on the basis of the information contained in the relevant prospectus and confidential memorandum, respectively. Persons interested in making a subscription into the interests of the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund should contact the General Partner for the necessary documentation. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Investment Manager, the General Partner, the Master Fund and the US Feeder Fund and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. No assurance can be given that the Investment Manager, General Partner, the Master Fund and the US Feeder Fund’s investment objectives projected in any document generated by the Investment Manager, the General Partner, the Master Fund or the US Feeder Fund will be achieved.

Information for users in the United Arab Emirates
Users of this Site are reminded that Sancta Capital, the Investment Manager, the General Partner, the Master Fund and the US Feeder Fund is not authorised or regulated in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) including the Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”). Accordingly, the interests in the Master Fund and the US Feeder Fund cannot be promoted or sold in the UAE (including the DIFC): (i) other than under the exemptions permitted by the Securities and Commodities Authority (under the regulations issued by the Securities and Commodities Authority from time to time) and the Dubai Financial Services Authority; or (ii) after obtaining the required licenses and approvals from the Securities and Commodities Authority, the Dubai Financial Services Authority (in the case of DIFC) and other relevant regulatory authorities in the United Arab Emirates. In the United Arab Emirates (including the DIFC), this Site or any information contained herein does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, any offer or solicitation in the UAE or DIFC or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No action has been taken, or will be taken, in the UAE and DIFC without obtaining the required approvals from the Securities and Commodities Authority, Dubai Financial Services Authority (in the case of DIFC) and other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies for the distribution of Master Fund’s and US Feeder Fund’s interests. All users are required to inform themselves about, and to observe the restrictions contained, in this Site and under applicable law in the UAE. Sancta Capital, the Investment Manager, the General Partner, the Master Fund and the US Feeder Fund including any person or advisor related to them do not accept any responsibility for any violation by any other person, whether or not a prospective investor or subscriber or purchaser of the Master Fund’s or US Feeder Fund’s interests, of any of the above mentioned restrictions. Sancta Capital, the Investment Manager, the General Partner, the Master Fund and the US Feeder Fund, including their respective representatives, agents and advisors, do not make any representation to any user of this Site relating to the interests of Sancta Capital, the Investment Manager, the General Partner, the Master Fund and the US Feeder Fund and with respect to the authorisations or approvals required by such user for investment in or purchase of the Master Fund’s or the US Feeder Fund’s interests under the appropriate legal investment and other related laws in the UAE and DIFC.

Restrictions on use of materials
Unless otherwise expressly noted, all information and materials, including, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials, that are part of the Site are copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by Sancta Capital. No material from the Site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way; provided, however, that you may download, where specifically permitted, one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact and properly display all copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of the Site, including, without limitation, any text, images, audio and video, for public or commercial purposes without Sancta Capital’s written permission. Modification or use of the information or materials for any other purpose will violate the copyright and/or intellectual property rights of Sancta Capital. Sancta Capital will not treat users of this Site as its clients by virtue of their accessing this Site.

 											

 

 








 























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Architectural Services - Thumbtack



                                    Join as a Pro
                                
                                    Sign Up
                                
                                Log In
                            Join as a ProSign UpLog InExplore










                    Compare Free Quotes from Architects Today!
                











Go








































What our customers are saying





                        I love this site! I didn't even realize what it was until I got so
                        many responses. Definitely takes the work out of finding somebody to do
                        a job for you! Thanks Thumbtack!
                    

                        Renee T., Millstadt, IL
                    





                        You'll be happy to know that I found someone to do some yard work
                        on Thumbtack. The guy was much more responsive than people I solicited
                        on Angie's List.
                    

                        Jason K., Denver, CO
                    





                        The first day I heard about Thumbtack was when I searched for an
                        electrician. One was here the next day. He did all the work and the price
                        was right.
                    

                        Phyllis S., Albany, NY
                    










About Thumbtack




                    Thumbtack helps you accomplish the personal projects that are central
                to your life. Whether you need to paint your home, learn a new language,
                or plan your daughter's birthday party, Thumbtack is the easiest and most
                dependable way to hire the right professional for your projects.
                



                    First, tell us some details about your architectural services needs. Within hours,
                    we'll introduce you to several experienced architects who can complete your architecture project. Each custom
                    quote includes a price, personal message, and the professional's profile,
                    which contains reviews, credentials,
                    past work, and contact information. Compare and hire when you're ready.
                





























































Company









                                                About
                                            



                                                Jobs
                                            



                                                Team
                                            



                                                Blog
                                            








Customers









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Safety
                                            



                                                iPhone app
                                            



                                                Services Near Me
                                            



                                                Cost Estimates
                                            



                                                Service Guides
                                            



                                                How To Pages
                                            








Pros









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Sign up
                                            



                                                Pro center
                                            



                                                Success stories
                                            



                                                Mobile app
                                            








Support









                                                Help center
                                            













































                Thumbtack Guarantee
            

                $1M Property Protection
            












                        © 2017 Thumbtack, Inc.
                    



                                    Privacy Policy
                                


                                    Terms of Use
                                
 









 

Events - Thumbtack






                                    Explore
                                
                                    Join as a Pro
                                
                                    Sign Up
                                
                                Log In
                            HomeEventsLessonsWellnessMoreJoin as a ProSign UpLog InExplore









                    Events
                



                    Throw the perfect event. Get introduced to the right event professionals
                
















    Get Started











All Services







Events










Home










Lessons










Wellness










Business










Crafts










Design & Web










More






See More








Popular Event Services









                        Request
                    




                DJ 
            










                        Request
                    




                Wedding Officiant 
            










                        Request
                    




                Catering (Full Service) 
            










                        Request
                    




                Event Makeup 
            










                        Request
                    




                Photo Booth Rental 
            










                        Request
                    




                Bartending 
            










                        Request
                    




                Wedding Florist 
            










                        Request
                    




                Magician 
            










                        Request
                    




                Event Photography 
            










                        Request
                    




                Face Painting 
            










                        Request
                    




                Event Hair Styling 
            










                        Request
                    




                Party Planning 
            









More Event Services










                                    Belly Dancing
                                




                                    Dance Entertainment
                                









                                    Charter Bus Rental
                                




                                    Limousine and Chauffeur Services
                                




                                    Party Bus Rental
                                









                                    Entertainment
                                




                                    Fortune Teller Entertainment
                                




                                    Palm Reader Entertainment
                                




                                    Tarot Card Reader Entertainment
                                









                                    Astrology Reading
                                




                                    Balloon Twisting
                                




                                    Body Painting
                                




                                    Caricaturing
                                




                                    Event Florist
                                




                                    Event Security Services
                                




                                    Face Painting
                                




                                    Henna Tattooing
                                




                                    Laser Show Entertainment
                                




                                    Palm Reading
                                




                                    Portrait Artistry
                                




                                    Puppet Show Entertainment
                                




                                    Scrapbooking
                                




                                    Tarot Card Reading
                                




                                    Temporary Tattoo Artistry
                                




                                    Valet Parking
                                









                                    Bartending
                                




                                    Event Bouncer Services
                                




                                    Event Help and Wait Staff
                                




                                    Sommelier Services
                                









                                    Audio Recording
                                









                                    Barbecue and Grill Services
                                




                                    Candy Buffet Services
                                




                                    Chocolate Fountain Rental
                                




                                    Event Catering
                                




                                    Food Truck or Cart Services
                                




                                    Ice Cream Cart Rental
                                




                                    Pastry Chef and Cake Making Services
                                




                                    Personal Chef
                                




                                    Popcorn Machine Rental
                                




                                    Wine Tastings and Tours
                                









                                    Alterations
                                




                                    Bridesmaid Dress Alterations
                                




                                    Crocheting
                                




                                    Custom Airbrushing
                                




                                    Custom Clothes Design
                                




                                    Custom Jewelry
                                




                                    Custom Tailor
                                




                                    Embroidery
                                




                                    Quilting
                                




                                    Songwriting
                                




                                    Wardrobe Consulting
                                




                                    Wedding Dress Alterations
                                




                                    Wedding and Event Hair Styling
                                




                                    Wedding and Event Makeup
                                









                                    Band Entertainment
                                




                                    Broadway Singer
                                




                                    DJ
                                




                                    Music Duo Entertainment
                                




                                    Pianist
                                




                                    Singers
                                




                                    Solo Musician Entertainment
                                




                                    String Quartet Entertainment
                                




                                    Vocal Ensemble
                                




                                    Wedding Ceremony Music
                                




                                    Wedding Singer
                                




                                    Wedding String Quartet
                                









                                    AV Equipment Rental for Events
                                




                                    AV Equipment Rental for Weddings
                                




                                    Audio Equipment Rental for Events
                                




                                    Bounce House and Party Inflatables Rental
                                




                                    Casino Games Rentals
                                




                                    Dunk Tank Rental Services
                                




                                    Karaoke Machine Rental
                                




                                    Lighting Equipment Rental for Events
                                




                                    Photo Booth Rental
                                




                                    Video Booth Rental
                                




                                    Video Equipment Rental for Events
                                









                                    Aerial Photography
                                




                                    Boudoir Photography
                                




                                    Commercial Photography
                                




                                    Engagement Photography
                                




                                    Event Photography
                                




                                    Headshot Photography
                                




                                    Nature Photography
                                




                                    Pet Photography
                                




                                    Photo Restoration
                                




                                    Photo Scanning
                                




                                    Portrait Photography
                                




                                    Real Estate and Architectural Photography
                                




                                    Sports Photography
                                




                                    Wedding Photography
                                









                                    Anniversary Party Planning
                                




                                    Bachelorette Party Planning
                                




                                    Balloon Decorations
                                




                                    Bridal Shower Party Planning
                                




                                    Calligraphy
                                




                                    Corporate Party Planning
                                




                                    Craft Party Planning
                                




                                    Custom Arts and Crafts
                                




                                    Custom Gift Baskets
                                




                                    Engagement Party Planning
                                




                                    Event Venue Services
                                




                                    Fishing Trip Guide Services
                                




                                    Fundraising Event Planning
                                




                                    Party Favors
                                




                                    Party Planning
                                




                                    Party Planning (for children)
                                




                                    Sightseeing
                                




                                    Tour Guiding
                                




                                    Wedding and Event Decorating
                                




                                    Wedding and Event Invitations
                                









                                    Animal Show Entertainment
                                




                                    Circus Act
                                




                                    Clown Entertainment
                                




                                    Comedy Entertainment
                                




                                    Contortionist
                                




                                    Costumed Character Entertainment
                                




                                    Easter Bunny
                                




                                    Human Statue Entertainment
                                




                                    Impersonating
                                




                                    Impressionist Entertainment
                                




                                    Juggling
                                




                                    MC and Host Services
                                




                                    Magician
                                




                                    Mobile Petting Zoo Entertainment
                                




                                    Motivational Speaking
                                




                                    Pony Riding
                                




                                    Santa
                                




                                    Singing Telegram
                                




                                    Stilt Walker
                                




                                    Storytelling
                                




                                    Ventriloquist
                                









                                    Corporate Videography
                                




                                    Event Videography
                                




                                    Video Editing
                                




                                    Video Production
                                




                                    Video Streaming and Webcasting Services
                                




                                    Video Transfer Services
                                




                                    Wedding Videography
                                









                                    Bridal Stylist
                                




                                    Honeymoon Travel Specialist
                                




                                    Wedding Cakes
                                




                                    Wedding Catering
                                




                                    Wedding Coordination
                                




                                    Wedding Dance Lessons
                                




                                    Wedding Florist
                                




                                    Wedding Henna Tattooing
                                




                                    Wedding Officiant
                                




                                    Wedding Planning
                                




                                    Wedding Ring Services
                                




                                    Wedding Venue Services
                                

























































Company









                                                About
                                            



                                                Jobs
                                            



                                                Team
                                            



                                                Blog
                                            








Customers









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Safety
                                            



                                                iPhone app
                                            



                                                Services Near Me
                                            



                                                Cost Estimates
                                            



                                                Service Guides
                                            



                                                How To Pages
                                            








Pros









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Sign up
                                            



                                                Pro center
                                            



                                                Success stories
                                            



                                                Mobile app
                                            








Support









                                                Help center
                                            













































                Thumbtack Guarantee
            

                $1M Property Protection
            












                        © 2017 Thumbtack, Inc.
                    



                                    Privacy Policy
                                


                                    Terms of Use
                                
 














 

Lessons - Thumbtack






                                    Explore
                                
                                    Join as a Pro
                                
                                    Sign Up
                                
                                Log In
                            HomeEventsLessonsWellnessMoreJoin as a ProSign UpLog InExplore









                    Lessons
                



                    Improve your skills. Get introduced to the right teachers.
                
















    Get Started











All Services







Events










Home










Lessons










Wellness










Business










Crafts










Design & Web










More






See More








Popular  Services









                        Request
                    




                Singing Lessons 
            










                        Request
                    




                Piano Lessons 
            










                        Request
                    




                Self Defense Lessons 
            










                        Request
                    




                Reading and Writing Tutoring 
            










                        Request
                    




                Math Tutoring 
            










                        Request
                    




                Private Yoga Instruction 
            










                        Request
                    




                CPR Training 
            










                        Request
                    




                Drawing Lessons 
            










                        Request
                    




                Personal Training 
            










                        Request
                    




                Dance Lessons 
            










                        Request
                    




                Acting Lessons 
            










                        Request
                    




                Tennis Instruction 
            









More  Services










                                    ACT Tutoring
                                




                                    ASVAB Tutoring
                                




                                    Algebra Tutoring
                                




                                    Basic Math Tutoring
                                




                                    Biology Tutoring
                                




                                    Calculus Tutoring
                                




                                    Chemistry Tutoring
                                




                                    College Admissions Counseling
                                




                                    College-level Math Tutoring
                                




                                    Economics Tutoring
                                




                                    Elementary School Math Tutoring (K-5)
                                




                                    GED Tutoring
                                




                                    GMAT Tutoring
                                




                                    GRE Tutoring
                                




                                    Geometry Tutoring
                                




                                    Grad School Math Tutoring
                                




                                    High School Math Tutoring (Grades 9-12)
                                




                                    History Tutoring
                                




                                    ISEE Tutoring
                                




                                    LSAT Tutoring
                                




                                    MCAT Tutoring
                                




                                    Math Tutoring
                                




                                    Middle School Math Tutoring (Grades 6-8)
                                




                                    Multi-Subject Tutoring
                                




                                    NCLEX Tutoring
                                




                                    Physics Tutoring
                                




                                    Precalculus Tutoring
                                




                                    Reading and Writing Tutoring
                                




                                    SAT II Tutoring
                                




                                    SAT Tutoring
                                




                                    Science Tutoring
                                




                                    Social Studies Tutoring
                                




                                    Statistics Tutoring
                                




                                    TOEFL Tutoring
                                




                                    Teacher Training
                                




                                    Trigonometry Tutoring
                                









                                    Private Cooking Lessons
                                









                                    Private Dance Lessons (for me or my group)
                                









                                    Climbing Lessons
                                




                                    Cycling Training
                                




                                    Golf Lessons
                                




                                    Horseback Riding Lessons
                                




                                    Horseback Riding Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Horseback Riding Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Private Swim Lessons
                                




                                    Private Tennis Instruction (for me or my group)
                                




                                    Running and Jogging Lessons
                                




                                    Scuba Diving Lessons
                                




                                    Volleyball Lessons
                                









                                    Arabic Lessons
                                




                                    ESL (English as a Second Language) Lessons
                                




                                    French Lessons
                                




                                    German Lessons
                                




                                    Hebrew Lessons
                                




                                    Italian Lessons
                                




                                    Japanese Lessons
                                




                                    Korean Lessons
                                




                                    Mandarin Lessons
                                




                                    Portuguese Lessons
                                




                                    Sign Language Lessons
                                




                                    Spanish Lessons
                                




                                    Specialized Language Lessons
                                









                                    Bagpipe Lessons
                                




                                    Banjo Lessons
                                




                                    Banjo Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Bass Guitar Lessons
                                




                                    Bass Guitar Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Bass Guitar Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Cello Lessons
                                




                                    Cello Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Cello Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Clarinet Lessons
                                




                                    Clarinet Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Clarinet Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Double Bass Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Double Bass Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Drum Lessons
                                




                                    Drum Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Drum Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Fiddle Lessons
                                




                                    Flute Lessons
                                




                                    Flute Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Flute Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    French Horn Lessons
                                




                                    French Horn Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Guitar Lessons
                                




                                    Harmonica Lessons
                                




                                    Harmonica Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Harp Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Keyboard Lessons
                                




                                    Mandolin Lessons
                                




                                    Mandolin Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Music Composition Lessons
                                




                                    Music Theory Lessons
                                




                                    Oboe Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Piano Lessons
                                




                                    Piano Tuning
                                




                                    Saxophone Lessons
                                




                                    Saxophone Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Saxophone Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Singing Lessons
                                




                                    Trombone Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Trombone Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Trumpet Lessons
                                




                                    Trumpet Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Trumpet Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Ukulele Lessons
                                




                                    Ukulele Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Ukulele Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Viola Lessons
                                




                                    Viola Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Viola Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                




                                    Violin Lessons
                                




                                    Violin Lessons (for adults)
                                




                                    Violin Lessons (for children or teenagers)
                                









                                    Accounting Training
                                




                                    Acting Lessons
                                




                                    Arts and Crafts Lessons
                                




                                    Audio Production Lessons
                                




                                    Business Finance Training
                                




                                    CPR Training
                                




                                    Calligraphy Lessons
                                




                                    Chess Lessons
                                




                                    Comedy Lessons
                                




                                    Computer Lessons
                                




                                    Crocheting Lessons
                                




                                    Drawing Lessons
                                




                                    Driving Lessons
                                




                                    Fabric Arts Lessons
                                




                                    Fashion and Costume Design Instruction
                                




                                    Filmmaking Lessons
                                




                                    Firearm Instruction
                                




                                    First Aid Training
                                




                                    Flower Arranging Instruction
                                




                                    Graphic Design Instruction
                                




                                    Jewelry Making Lessons
                                




                                    Knitting Lessons
                                




                                    Leadership Development Training
                                




                                    Magic Lessons
                                




                                    Makeup Artistry Lessons
                                




                                    Marketing Training
                                




                                    Medical Coding Training
                                




                                    Negotiation Training
                                




                                    Neonatal Resuscitation Program Lessons
                                




                                    Painting Lessons
                                




                                    Personal Finance Instruction
                                




                                    Photography Lessons
                                




                                    Pokemon Go Expert
                                




                                    Public Speaking Lessons
                                




                                    Quilting Lessons
                                




                                    Real Estate Training
                                




                                    Reiki Lessons
                                




                                    Safety and First Aid Instruction
                                




                                    Sales Training
                                




                                    Sculpting Lessons
                                




                                    Search Engine Optimization Training
                                




                                    Self Defense Lessons
                                




                                    Sewing Lessons
                                




                                    Silkscreening Lessons
                                




                                    Voice Over Lessons
                                




                                    Welding Instruction
                                




                                    Wine Appreciation Lessons
                                









                                    Archery Lessons
                                




                                    Baseball Lessons
                                




                                    Basketball Lessons
                                




                                    Ice Skating Instruction
                                




                                    Skateboarding Lessons
                                




                                    Soccer Lessons
                                




                                    Softball Lessons
                                




                                    Surfing Lessons
                                




                                    Table Tennis Lessons
                                

























































Company









                                                About
                                            



                                                Jobs
                                            



                                                Team
                                            



                                                Blog
                                            








Customers









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Safety
                                            



                                                iPhone app
                                            



                                                Services Near Me
                                            



                                                Cost Estimates
                                            



                                                Service Guides
                                            



                                                How To Pages
                                            








Pros









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Sign up
                                            



                                                Pro center
                                            



                                                Success stories
                                            



                                                Mobile app
                                            








Support









                                                Help center
                                            













































                Thumbtack Guarantee
            

                $1M Property Protection
            












                        © 2017 Thumbtack, Inc.
                    



                                    Privacy Policy
                                


                                    Terms of Use
                                
 














 

Home - Thumbtack






                                    Explore
                                
                                    Join as a Pro
                                
                                    Sign Up
                                
                                Log In
                            HomeEventsLessonsWellnessMoreJoin as a ProSign UpLog InExplore









                    Home
                



                    Complete your home improvement project with the right professionals.
                
















    Get Started











All Services







Events










Home










Lessons










Wellness










Business










Crafts










Design & Web










More






See More








Popular Home Services









                        Request
                    




                House Cleaning (Recurring) 
            










                        Request
                    




                Lawn Mowing and Lawncare 
            










                        Request
                    




                Interior Design 
            










                        Request
                    




                Handyman 
            










                        Request
                    




                Roof Repair or Maintenance 
            










                        Request
                    




                General Contracting 
            










                        Request
                    




                Landscaping 
            










                        Request
                    




                Interior Painting 
            










                        Request
                    




                Carpet Cleaning 
            










                        Request
                    




                Pressure Washing 
            










                        Request
                    




                Electrical 
            










                        Request
                    




                TV Mounting 
            









More Home Services










                                    Doorway Widening
                                




                                    Home Modification for Accessibility
                                




                                    Roll-in Shower Installation
                                




                                    Shower Grab Bar Installation
                                




                                    Toilet Grab Bar Installation
                                




                                    Wheelchair Ramp Installation
                                




                                    Wheelchair Ramp Repair
                                









                                    Attic Remodel
                                




                                    Balcony Addition
                                




                                    Balcony Remodel
                                




                                    Balcony Repair
                                




                                    Basement Finishing or Remodeling
                                




                                    Bathroom Remodel
                                




                                    Child Proofing
                                




                                    Construction Services
                                




                                    Deck Sealing
                                




                                    Deck Staining
                                




                                    Deck or Porch Remodel or Addition
                                




                                    Deck or Porch Repair
                                




                                    Demolition Services
                                




                                    Energy Efficiency Remodel
                                




                                    Fire Escape Installation
                                




                                    Fire Escape Maintenance and Repair
                                




                                    Foundation Installation
                                




                                    Foundation Raising
                                




                                    Foundation Repair
                                




                                    Home Remodeling
                                




                                    Interior Wall Addition
                                




                                    Interior Wall Removal
                                




                                    Kitchen Island Installation
                                




                                    Kitchen Island Removal
                                




                                    Kitchen Remodel
                                




                                    New Home Construction
                                




                                    Outdoor Kitchen Remodel or Addition
                                




                                    Patio Remodel or Addition
                                




                                    Patio Repair
                                




                                    Railing Installation or Remodel
                                




                                    Room Extension
                                




                                    Room Remodel
                                




                                    Room Splitting
                                




                                    Sauna Installation
                                




                                    Sauna Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Stair Installation or Remodel
                                




                                    Stair and Staircase Repair
                                









                                    Barn Construction
                                




                                    Carport Addition
                                




                                    Closet Addition
                                




                                    Closet Remodel
                                




                                    Garage Addition
                                




                                    Garage Remodel
                                




                                    Greenhouse Addition
                                




                                    Pergola Addition
                                




                                    Playhouse Construction
                                




                                    Shed Construction
                                




                                    Sunroom Addition
                                




                                    Yurt Construction
                                









                                    Appliance Installation
                                




                                    Appliance Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Dishwasher Installation
                                




                                    Dryer Vent Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Garbage Disposal Installation
                                




                                    Garbage Disposal Repair
                                




                                    Lawn Mower Repair
                                




                                    Refrigerator Installation
                                




                                    Satellite Dish Services
                                




                                    Vacuum Cleaner Installation
                                




                                    Washing Machine Installation
                                









                                    Structural Engineering Services
                                









                                    Architectural Services
                                









                                    Cabinet Installation
                                




                                    Cabinet Refacing
                                




                                    Cabinet Refinishing
                                




                                    Cabinet Repair
                                




                                    Cabinetry
                                




                                    Custom Cabinet Building
                                




                                    Custom Furniture Building
                                




                                    Framing Carpentry
                                




                                    General Carpentry
                                




                                    Trim or Molding Installation
                                









                                    Finish Carpentry
                                









                                    Asbestos Removal
                                




                                    Carpet Cleaning
                                




                                    Chimney Cleaning
                                




                                    Commercial Carpet Cleaning
                                




                                    Commercial Cleaning
                                




                                    Curtain Cleaning
                                




                                    Dryer Vent Cleaning
                                




                                    Dumpster Rental
                                




                                    Fire Damage Restoration Cleaning
                                




                                    Floor Cleaning
                                




                                    Floor Polishing
                                




                                    Garage, Basement or Attic Cleaning
                                




                                    Gutter Cleaning and Maintenance
                                




                                    Home Organizing
                                




                                    House Cleaning
                                




                                    Junk Removal
                                




                                    Leather Repair Conditioning and Restoration
                                




                                    Mattress Cleaning
                                




                                    Odor Removal
                                




                                    Outdoor or Balcony Cleaning
                                




                                    Pressure Washing
                                




                                    Roof Cleaning
                                




                                    Rug Cleaning
                                




                                    Solar Panel Cleaning or Inspection
                                




                                    Tile and Grout Cleaning
                                




                                    Upholstery and Furniture Cleaning
                                




                                    Water Damage Cleanup and Restoration
                                




                                    Window Blinds Cleaning
                                




                                    Window Cleaning
                                









                                    Asphalt Installation
                                




                                    Asphalt Repair and Maintenance
                                




                                    Brick or Stone Repair
                                




                                    Concrete Installation
                                




                                    Concrete Removal
                                




                                    Concrete Repair and Maintenance
                                




                                    Concrete Sawing
                                




                                    Masonry Construction Services
                                




                                    Stucco Application
                                









                                    Concrete Wall Installation
                                




                                    Stucco Repair
                                









                                    Curtain Installation
                                




                                    Curtain Repair
                                




                                    Home Staging
                                




                                    Interior Design
                                




                                    Muralist
                                




                                    Picture Framing
                                




                                    Picture Hanging and Art Installation
                                




                                    Wallpaper Installation or Repair
                                




                                    Wallpaper Removal
                                









                                    Door Installation
                                




                                    Door Repair
                                




                                    Garage Door Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Garage Door Repair
                                




                                    Lock Installation and Repair
                                




                                    Pet Door Installation
                                




                                    Pet Door Removal
                                




                                    Shower Door Installation
                                









                                    Circuit Breaker Panel or Fuse Box Installation
                                




                                    Circuit Breaker Panel or Fuse Box Repair
                                




                                    Electrical and Wiring Repair
                                




                                    Fan Installation
                                




                                    Generator Installation
                                




                                    Generator Repair
                                




                                    Geothermal Energy Services
                                




                                    Home Automation
                                




                                    Solar Panel Installation
                                




                                    Solar Panel Repair
                                




                                    Switch and Outlet Installation
                                




                                    Switch and Outlet Repair
                                




                                    Wiring Installation
                                









                                    Carpet Installation
                                




                                    Carpet Removal
                                




                                    Carpet Repair or Partial Replacement
                                




                                    Epoxy Floor Coating
                                




                                    Floor Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Floor Repair
                                




                                    Hardwood Floor Refinishing
                                




                                    Heated Floor Installation
                                









                                    Antique Restoration
                                




                                    Baby Gate Assembly and Installation
                                




                                    Bed Frame Assembly
                                




                                    Closet and Shelving System Installation
                                




                                    Countertop Installation
                                




                                    Countertop Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Crib Assembly
                                




                                    Desk Assembly
                                




                                    Dresser Assembly
                                




                                    Entertainment Center or TV Stand Assembly
                                




                                    Fitness Equipment Assembly
                                




                                    Furniture Assembly
                                




                                    Furniture Delivery
                                




                                    Furniture Refinishing
                                




                                    Furniture Repair
                                




                                    Furniture Upholstery
                                




                                    IKEA Furniture Assembly
                                




                                    Pool Table Assembly
                                









                                    Caulking
                                




                                    General Contracting
                                




                                    Handyman
                                




                                    Holiday Lighting Installation and Removal
                                




                                    Pool Table Repair Services
                                









                                    Gutter Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Gutter Repair
                                









                                    Boiler Inspection or Maintenance
                                




                                    Boiler Installation
                                




                                    Boiler Repair
                                




                                    Central Air Conditioning Installation
                                




                                    Central Air Conditioning Maintenance
                                




                                    Central Air Conditioning Repair
                                




                                    Cooling Issues
                                




                                    Duct and Vent Cleaning
                                




                                    Duct and Vent Installation or Removal
                                




                                    Duct and Vent Issues
                                




                                    Fireplace and Chimney Cleaning
                                




                                    Fireplace and Chimney Inspection
                                




                                    Fireplace and Chimney Installation
                                




                                    Fireplace and Chimney Repair
                                




                                    Furnace and Heating System Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Furnace and Heating System Maintenance
                                




                                    Furnace and Heating System Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Heat Pump Inspection or Maintenance
                                




                                    Heat Pump Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Heat Pump Repair
                                




                                    Heating Issues
                                




                                    Indoor Air Quality Testing
                                




                                    Insulation Installation or Upgrade
                                




                                    Radiator Inspection or Maintenance
                                




                                    Radiator Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Thermostat Installation
                                




                                    Thermostat Repair
                                




                                    Wall or Portable AC Unit Maintenance
                                




                                    Window AC Maintenance
                                




                                    Window, Wall, or Portable AC Unit Installation
                                









                                    Basement Drainage Installation
                                




                                    Basement Drainage Repair
                                




                                    Earthquake Damage Repair
                                




                                    Earthquake/Seismic Retrofit
                                




                                    Fire or Smoke Damage Repair
                                




                                    Foundation or Basement Waterproofing
                                




                                    Roof or Gutter Winterization
                                




                                    Storm or Wind Damage Recovery Service
                                




                                    Window or Door Sealing
                                









                                    House Sitting
                                




                                    Property Management
                                









                                    Home Theater Construction
                                




                                    Home Theater Surround Sound System Installation
                                




                                    Home Theater System Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Home Theater System Repair or Service
                                




                                    Home Theater System Wiring
                                




                                    TV Mounting
                                




                                    TV Repair Services
                                









                                    Air Quality Inspection
                                




                                    Asbestos Inspection
                                




                                    Chimney Inspection
                                




                                    Electrical Inspection
                                




                                    Fire Extinguisher Inspection
                                




                                    Home Energy Auditing
                                




                                    Home Inspection
                                




                                    Land Surveying
                                




                                    Lead Testing
                                




                                    Mold Inspection and Removal
                                




                                    Pest Inspection
                                




                                    Plumbing Inspection
                                




                                    Radon Testing
                                




                                    Real Estate Appraisal
                                




                                    Roof Inspection
                                




                                    Septic System Inspection
                                




                                    Swimming Pool Inspection
                                




                                    Termite Control Services
                                




                                    Termite Inspection
                                




                                    Well Water Inspection
                                









                                    Artificial Turf Installation
                                




                                    Boulder Placement
                                




                                    Drip Irrigation System Maintenance
                                




                                    Greenhouse Services
                                




                                    Land Leveling and Grading
                                




                                    Outdoor Landscaping and Design
                                




                                    Sod Installation
                                




                                    Sprinkler and Irrigation System Installation
                                




                                    Sprinkler and Irrigation System Repair and Maintenance
                                




                                    Water Feature Installation
                                




                                    Water Feature Repair and Maintenance
                                









                                    Aeration
                                




                                    Fertilizing
                                




                                    Gardening
                                




                                    Lawn Mowing and Trimming
                                




                                    Leaf Clean Up
                                




                                    Mulching
                                




                                    Multi Service Lawn Care
                                




                                    Outdoor Pesticide Application
                                




                                    Plant Watering and Care
                                




                                    Seeding
                                




                                    Shrub Planting
                                




                                    Shrub Pruning and Trimming
                                




                                    Snow Plowing
                                




                                    Tree Planting
                                




                                    Tree Stump Grinding and Removal
                                




                                    Tree Trimming and Removal
                                




                                    Weeding
                                









                                    Lighting Installation
                                









                                    Engraving
                                




                                    Metalwork
                                




                                    Powder Coating
                                




                                    Stained Glass
                                




                                    Welding
                                









                                    Furniture Moving and Heavy Lifting
                                




                                    Hot Tub Moving
                                




                                    Local Moving (under 50 miles)
                                




                                    Long Distance Moving
                                




                                    Office Moving
                                




                                    Packing and Unpacking
                                




                                    Piano Moving
                                




                                    Pool Table Moving
                                









                                    Fence and Gate Installation
                                




                                    Fence and Gate Repairs
                                




                                    Gazebo Installation and Construction 
                                




                                    Gazebo Repair and Maintenance
                                




                                    Mudjacking
                                




                                    Outdoor Equipment or Furniture Assembly
                                




                                    Patio Cover and Awning Installation
                                




                                    Patio Cover and Awning Repair and Maintenance
                                




                                    Play Equipment Construction
                                




                                    Water Dock Services
                                




                                    Well System Work
                                









                                    Cabinet Painting
                                




                                    Exterior Painting
                                




                                    Faux Finishing or Painting
                                




                                    Fence Painting
                                




                                    Floor Painting or Coating
                                




                                    Interior Painting
                                




                                    Paint Removal
                                









                                    Emergency Plumbing
                                




                                    Gas Line Installation
                                




                                    Plumbing Drain Repair
                                




                                    Plumbing Pipe Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Plumbing Pipe Repair
                                




                                    Septic System Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Septic System Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Shower and Bathtub Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Shower and Bathtub Repair
                                




                                    Sink or Faucet Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Sink or Faucet Repair
                                




                                    Sump Pump Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Sump Pump Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Toilet Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Toilet Repair
                                




                                    Water Heater Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Water Heater Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Water Treatment Repair or Maintenance
                                




                                    Water Treatment System Installation or Replacement
                                









                                    Above Ground Swimming Pool Installation
                                




                                    Hot Tub and Spa Cleaning and Maintenance
                                




                                    Hot Tub and Spa Installation
                                




                                    Hot Tub and Spa Repair
                                




                                    In-Ground Swimming Pool Construction
                                




                                    Swimming Pool Cleaning, Maintenance, and Inspection
                                




                                    Swimming Pool Repair
                                









                                    Roof Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Roof Repair or Maintenance
                                









                                    Bed Bug Extermination
                                




                                    Home Security and Alarm Repair and Modification
                                




                                    Home Security and Alarms Install
                                




                                    Home Waterproofing
                                




                                    Pest Control Services
                                




                                    Radon Mitigation
                                




                                    Rodent and Animal Removal
                                




                                    Weatherization
                                









                                    Siding Installation
                                




                                    Siding Removal
                                









                                    Mobile Home Skirting Installation
                                




                                    Siding Repair
                                









                                    Dirt or Gravel Removal
                                




                                    Excavation Services
                                




                                    Land Clearing
                                




                                    Swimming Pool Removal
                                









                                    Tile Installation and Replacement
                                




                                    Tile Repair
                                









                                    Drywall Installation and Hanging
                                




                                    Drywall Repair and Texturing
                                




                                    Insulation
                                




                                    Plastering
                                




                                    Popcorn Texture Removal
                                




                                    Railing Repair
                                




                                    Sound Proofing
                                









                                    Commercial Window Tinting
                                




                                    Residential Window Tinting
                                




                                    Screen Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Shutter Installation
                                




                                    Shutter Removal
                                




                                    Shutter Repair
                                




                                    Shutters
                                




                                    Skylight Installation or Repair
                                




                                    Window Blinds Installation or Replacement
                                




                                    Window Blinds Repair
                                




                                    Window Installation
                                




                                    Window Repair
                                




                                    Window Treatment Installation or Replacement
                                

























































Company









                                                About
                                            



                                                Jobs
                                            



                                                Team
                                            



                                                Blog
                                            








Customers









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Safety
                                            



                                                iPhone app
                                            



                                                Services Near Me
                                            



                                                Cost Estimates
                                            



                                                Service Guides
                                            



                                                How To Pages
                                            








Pros









                                                How it works
                                            



                                                Sign up
                                            



                                                Pro center
                                            



                                                Success stories
                                            



                                                Mobile app
                                            








Support









                                                Help center
                                            













































                Thumbtack Guarantee
            

                $1M Property Protection
            












                        © 2017 Thumbtack, Inc.
                    



                                    Privacy Policy
                                


                                    Terms of Use
                                
 





























BEHR® COLOR BOX


































Consumer
Professional

Architect

Property Manager














Store Locator
Contact Us - Customer Service



                    TDS





                    PRODUCTS





                    MASTER SPEC





                    COLOR TOOLS





                    COLOR BOX







Log In / Sign Up













Interior Paint & Primer
Exterior Paint & Primer
Wood Stains, Finishes, Strippers & Cleaners
Floor Coatings, Sealers & Prep
Specialty Paints






Ratings & Reviews













Paint Colors







Stain Colors







2017 Color Trends







Downloadable Color Palettes













Architect > >
				
		BEHR®  COLOR BOX
		

Send & Share










Send Page by Email
Email this page to your family and friends.
Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our  privacy policy


Thank you.Your email has been sent.Click the Close button to continue.

Name*


First*



Last*



Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*



Email Address*





BEHRPro News*

I Would like to receive BEHRPro news and special offers via email.


Select One
Yes
No





Recipient Emails(s)*

Enter the recipient email addresses, separated by commas.

Please separate addresses with a comma.



Personal Message

Optionally, add a personal message.
















 


Shopping Cart is Full

You cannot add any additional items to the Shopping Cart
Close Window





Site will log you out

                        
        You are leaving the BEHR® Consumer website. You will be logged out.

Close








Ask an Expert by Email


Thank you, Your email has been sent to our experts.

Close







BEHR®  COLOR BOX
PUT THE ENTIRE BEHR COLOR SELECTION AT YOUR FINGERTIPS.























BEHR® COLOR BOX
PUT THE ENTIRE BEHR COLOR SELECTION AT YOUR FINGERTIPS





Behr introduces the new color box especially for architects and designers! Read More


							The Behr Architectural Color Box makes it easy to browse and choose from over 1,400 color options. Each box includes:
						

3.5" x 5" chips for each color (two each of more popular colors)
Behr Premium Plus® fan deck
3' x 4' color palette chart for display and easy reference





							Order Color Box »
						

							Order Replacement Color Chips »
						











You have already ordered a color box.

Order Color Box
Step 1: Select your preferred delivery method:



Standard Delivery
Once orders are processed (approx. 2 business days) your color box is shipped, arriving within 2 weeks.




In Person by Behr Representative
Let our Behr Pro Rep deliver your Color Box directly to your office with a live demostration of all the Color Box Tools.



Step 2: Confirm your Account Details:
Items marked with an asterisk (*) are required fields.


Shipping Information

Name*


First*



Last*



Company Name*





Country*


Select One

USA





Company Address*


Address*





Address 2





City*





State / Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

State*



ZIP / Postal*



Phone Number*





Need additional help? Connect with your Rep
Request Color Box »







To request a Color Box, create a My Behr Pro Account
Already have an account? Sign In

As a registered user with Behr®, you'll receive solid business advice and exclusive discounts delivered to your inbox. You'll also be able to create a My BEHR account where you can archive projects and colors.


Items marked with an asterisk (*) are required fields.

								We won't share your information with anyone. Read our full Privacy Policy here.





Sign up quickly with Facebook

 






Account Information

Name*


First*



Last*



Email Address*





Password*


Password must be at least 8 characters.



Retype Password*





Location*


Select One
Canada
USA

Country*



ZIP / Postal*




Company Information

Company Name*





Country*


Select One

USA




Company Address*


Address*





Address 2





City*





State / Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

State*



ZIP / Postal*



Phone Number*




Additional Information

Company Specialty*


Select One
Commercial
Industrial
Hospitality
Medical/Hospital/MOB
Military
Multi-Family
Other




Please specify*





BEHR News*
I would like to receive BEHR news and special offers via email


Select One
Yes
No





Need additional help? Connect with your Rep
Create Architect Account »




You are almost ready to create a My Behr account.
Please provide the following information:
Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy

Name*


First*



Last*



Email Address*





Location*


Select One
Canada
USA

Country*



ZIP / Postal*


Company Information

Company Name*





Country*


Select One

USA




Company Address*


Address*





Address 2





City*





State / Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

State*



ZIP / Postal*



Phone Number*




Additional Information

Company Specialty*


Select One
Commercial
Industrial
Hospitality
Medical/Hospital/MOB
Military
Multi-Family
Other




Please specify*





BEHR News*
I would like to receive BEHR news and special offers via email


Select One
Yes
No





Need additional help? Connect with your Rep
Create Architect Account »







My BEHR Architect Account Sign In
New to Behr Architect? Create an Architect Account
Create an Architect Account

As a registered user with Behr®, you'll receive solid business advice and exclusive discounts delivered to your inbox. You'll also be able to create a My BEHR account where you can archive projects and colors.


Items marked with an asterisk (*) are required fields.

								We won't share your information with anyone. Read our full Privacy Policy here.





Sign in with Facebook

 







Account Information



Email Address*





Password*






Remember Me


Log in with Architect Account »
Having trouble signing in? Reset your password.






BEHR® COLOR BOX
PUT THE ENTIRE BEHR COLOR SELECTION AT YOUR FINGERTIPS.



Shipping Information








Edit









								Description
							

								Unit Price
							

								Qty
							

								Item Total
							







Color Box



$0.00


1


$0.00





QUESTIONS? WE CAN HELP.

CUSTOMER CARE:
1-800-854-0133 ext. 2
call 7 days a week - 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. PST




Subtotal$0.00
Shipping$0.00
Sales Tax$0.00





Subtotal$0.00
Shipping$0.00
Sales Tax$0.00



Total:$0.00



QUESTIONS? WE CAN HELP.

CUSTOMER CARE:
1-800-854-0133 ext. 2
call 7 days a week - 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. PST







								Having trouble? Cancel or Start Over



Place Order »


Edit Order






Select Replacement Color Chips








{{$ctrl.colors.length}} results match
Search above for colors!
Sorry! We are unable to find a match to your color search. Please try your search again.




Show More...

View Order Summary




								Quick Order Summary
							

								Chips Qty


								Color Chip Name
								Total QTY
{{$ctrl.getOrderCount()}}





Continue to Shipping Details
Back to Edit Order





Confirm your Shipping Details




SHIPPING INFORMATION

Name*


First*



Last*



Company Name*





Country*


Select One

USA





Company Address 


Address*





Address 2





City*





State / Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

State*



ZIP / Postal*



Phone Number*









											YOUR ORDER
										

											Chips Qty










Need additional help? Connect with your Rep


Review Your Order


Edit Order







BEHR® COLOR BOX
PUT THE ENTIRE BEHR COLOR SELECTION AT YOUR FINGERTIPS.




Shipping Information








Edit









									Description
								

									Unit Price
								

									Qty
								

									Item Total
								





{{cartItem.color.name}}
{{cartItem.color.id}}

{{cartItem.color.id}}


$0.00


{{cartItem.quantity}}


$0.00








QUESTIONS? WE CAN HELP.

CUSTOMER CARE:
1-800-854-0133 ext. 2
call 7 days a week - 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. PST




Subtotal$0.00
Shipping$0.00
Sales Tax$0.00





Subtotal$0.00
Shipping$0.00
Sales Tax$0.00



Total:$0.00



QUESTIONS? WE CAN HELP.

CUSTOMER CARE:
1-800-854-0133 ext. 2
call 7 days a week - 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. PST








Place Order »


Edit Order







Thank you, your order has been received.







Thank you, a Behr Architectural Rep will be contacting you soon.







Thank you, your order has been received.








What’s Inside The Behr® Color Box




Architect's Fan Deck
A convenient collection of Behr's core palette of over 1,400 colors organized by Whites, Pure, Muted, Shaded and Neutrals. The fan deck also includes a sheen guide.





Behr Color Chips
Each color box includes 3.5" x 5" chips for over 1,400 colors and organized to mirror the layout of the Behr Premium Plus® Fan Deck. The back of each color chip includes the RGB value and LRV rating.





Color Palette Chart
Look at colors at a glance with our 3' x 4' color palette chart of over 1,400 colors.







Behr® Color Box FAQ



Can I order more than one color box?Due to the limited quantity and high demand for the Behr Color Box, we have limited our ordering to one per person. If you would like to request additional Color Boxes for your firm please contact your local architectural representative.




How long does delivery take?Once orders are processed (approx. 2 Business Days) your color box will be shipped and should arrive in about 2 weeks.






Who can order a box? The Behr Color Box contains over 1,400 color chips and is specifically designed to help architects and designers determine the right color for their next project. 




What colors are included?The Behr Color Box contains all of the traditional Behr color palettes in both a fandeck as well as large color chips, allowing you to find the perfect color for your next project.






How much does a box cost?Behr will deliver a color box to any architect or designer free of charge.




Can I order a box in Canada?We currently do not support distribution to Canada. However, by clicking the link below you will be able to contact us. Our friendly service representative will help create an order for you.







Get Expert Guidance
Have questions? Contact a Behr Architectural Representative. We’re here to help!
Connect with your Rep





















×


Forgot Your Password

Enter your email address and we'll send you a password reset link.

Email Address*









Password Reset Link Sent
Please check your email for a link to reset your password.









×

Switch to ordering replacement chips?
Order Replacement Color Chips
Cancel













Subscribe to BEHR Architect emails for the latest updates on promotions, products and events.
SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES






						UNSUBSCRIBE
						


						SUBSCRIBE
						

BEHR Architect Email List




Thank You!
							  You are now signed up to receive valuable information from BEHR.



Sign up and receive business advice and exclusive discounts delivered to your inbox.



Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*





Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*











You are now unsubscribed from BEHR Architect emails.  We're sorry to see you go.


Enter your email address and we will unsubscribe you from the BEHR email list.

Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*















 

 
Country & Language Selection
Select your location and language preference below.



US

English -
					Español







QUICK LINKS

Home
Products
Color Tools
TDS and MSDS
Master Spec
BEHR Color Box
Woodsmart by BEHR®



ABOUT BEHR

About Us



FIND US ON

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest






  Copyright © 2017 Behr Process Corporation

Architect Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Standard Sales Terms and Conditions





















Sign Up




My BehrPro Sign Up | My BehrPro | BehrPro










































Consumer
Professional

Architect

Property Manager














Store Locator
Contact Us - Customer Service



                    TDS





                    PRODUCTS





                    MASTER SPEC





                    COLOR TOOLS





                    COLOR BOX







Log In / Sign Up













Interior Paint & Primer
Exterior Paint & Primer
Wood Stains, Finishes, Strippers & Cleaners
Floor Coatings, Sealers & Prep
Specialty Paints






Ratings & Reviews













Paint Colors







Stain Colors







2017 Color Trends







Downloadable Color Palettes













Architect > >
				
		My BEHR
		

Send & Share










Send Page by Email
Email this page to your family and friends.
Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our  privacy policy


Thank you.Your email has been sent.Click the Close button to continue.

Name*


First*



Last*



Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*



Email Address*





BEHRPro News*

I Would like to receive BEHRPro news and special offers via email.


Select One
Yes
No





Recipient Emails(s)*

Enter the recipient email addresses, separated by commas.

Please separate addresses with a comma.



Personal Message

Optionally, add a personal message.
















 


Shopping Cart is Full

You cannot add any additional items to the Shopping Cart
Close Window





Site will log you out

                        
        You are leaving the BEHR® Consumer website. You will be logged out.

Close








Ask an Expert by Email


Thank you, Your email has been sent to our experts.

Close









My BEHR









Sign up for or log into your My BEHR account


SIGN UP
LOG IN





					As a registered user with Behr®, you'll receive solid business advice and exclusive
					discounts delivered to your inbox. You'll also be able to create a My BEHR account where you can archive projects and colors.
				

					Register today!
				





 

We will never post anything without your permission.






 

Or, sign up

 




Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy

ACCOUNT INFORMATION

Name*


First*



Last*




Email Address*







Password*


Password must be at least 8 characters.



Retype Password*





Location*



Select One
Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*



COMPANY INFORMATION

Company Name*





Country*



Select One
Canada
USA






Company Address*


Address*






Address 2






City*







State / Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


State*



ZIP / Postal*




Phone Number*





ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Company Specialty*



Select One
Commercial
Industrial
Hospitality
Medical/Hospital/MOB
Military
Multi-Family
Other





Please specify*





BEHR News*

I would like to receive BEHR news and special offers via email


Select One
Yes
No












You are almost ready to create a My BEHR account.
Please provide the following information:
Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Name*


First*



Last*




Email Address*







Location*



Select One
Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*



Company Information

Company Name*





Country*



Select One
Canada
USA






Company Address*


Address*






Address 2






City*







State / Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


State*



ZIP / Postal*




Phone Number*





Additional Information

Company Specialty*



Select One
Commercial
Industrial
Hospitality
Medical/Hospital/MOB
Military
Multi-Family
Other





Please specify*





BEHR News*

I would like to receive BEHR news and special offers via email


Select One
Yes
No














Well Done.
You're now signed up and logged in to My BEHR / Architect.

Access your account any time from the "My BEHR" button at the top of every page.
Go to My BEHR Dashboard

 









Subscribe to BEHR Architect emails for the latest updates on promotions, products and events.
SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES






						UNSUBSCRIBE
						


						SUBSCRIBE
						

BEHR Architect Email List




Thank You!
							  You are now signed up to receive valuable information from BEHR.



Sign up and receive business advice and exclusive discounts delivered to your inbox.



Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*





Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*











You are now unsubscribed from BEHR Architect emails.  We're sorry to see you go.


Enter your email address and we will unsubscribe you from the BEHR email list.

Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*















 

 
Country & Language Selection
Select your location and language preference below.



US

English -
					Español







QUICK LINKS

Home
Products
Color Tools
TDS and MSDS
Master Spec
BEHR Color Box
Woodsmart by BEHR®



ABOUT BEHR

About Us



FIND US ON

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest






  Copyright © 2017 Behr Process Corporation

Architect Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Standard Sales Terms and Conditions





















Paint Visualizers & Color Selectors | Behr Architect











































Consumer
Professional

Architect

Property Manager














Store Locator
Contact Us - Customer Service



                    TDS





                    PRODUCTS





                    MASTER SPEC





                    COLOR TOOLS





                    COLOR BOX







Log In / Sign Up













Interior Paint & Primer
Exterior Paint & Primer
Wood Stains, Finishes, Strippers & Cleaners
Floor Coatings, Sealers & Prep
Specialty Paints






Ratings & Reviews













Paint Colors







Stain Colors







2017 Color Trends







Downloadable Color Palettes













Architect > >
				
		COLOR TOOLS
		

Send & Share










Send Page by Email
Email this page to your family and friends.
Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our  privacy policy


Thank you.Your email has been sent.Click the Close button to continue.

Name*


First*



Last*



Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*



Email Address*





BEHRPro News*

I Would like to receive BEHRPro news and special offers via email.


Select One
Yes
No





Recipient Emails(s)*

Enter the recipient email addresses, separated by commas.

Please separate addresses with a comma.



Personal Message

Optionally, add a personal message.
















 


Shopping Cart is Full

You cannot add any additional items to the Shopping Cart
Close Window





Site will log you out

                        
        You are leaving the BEHR® Consumer website. You will be logged out.

Close








Ask an Expert by Email


Thank you, Your email has been sent to our experts.

Close







COLOR TOOLS
Paint and stain colors for you and your customer






Color Services

Our Color Service tools can help
you bring your visions to life.
 
FIND OUT HOW









Download Color Palettes

Color palettes are available for
download in Photoshop, Illustrator,
Sketchup and Autocad.
 
DOWNLOAD NOW









Save Your Project Colors


Register and create your workbook. Save your projects and colors to your workbook. You'll have them as handy reference for future jobs.
        
SIGN UP NOW














BROWSE AND PREVIEW PAINT COLORS »
PAINT COLORS
Browse, coordinate and preview paint colors with ColorSmart by BEHR®.

 



BROWSE STAIN COLORS »
STAIN COLORS
Find the right stain color for your project with WoodSmart®.

 



DISCOVER OUR 2017 TRENDS »
COLOR TRENDS 2017
Learn about our 2017 Color Trends.

 









Subscribe to BEHR Architect emails for the latest updates on promotions, products and events.
SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES






						UNSUBSCRIBE
						


						SUBSCRIBE
						

BEHR Architect Email List




Thank You!
							  You are now signed up to receive valuable information from BEHR.



Sign up and receive business advice and exclusive discounts delivered to your inbox.



Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*





Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*











You are now unsubscribed from BEHR Architect emails.  We're sorry to see you go.


Enter your email address and we will unsubscribe you from the BEHR email list.

Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*















 

 
Country & Language Selection
Select your location and language preference below.



US

English -
					Español







QUICK LINKS

Home
Products
Color Tools
TDS and MSDS
Master Spec
BEHR Color Box
Woodsmart by BEHR®



ABOUT BEHR

About Us



FIND US ON

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest






  Copyright © 2017 Behr Process Corporation

Architect Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Standard Sales Terms and Conditions





















Customer Service | Professional Painting Supplies | BehrPro




































Consumer
Professional

Architect

Property Manager














Store Locator
Contact Us - Customer Service



                    TDS





                    PRODUCTS





                    MASTER SPEC





                    COLOR TOOLS





                    COLOR BOX







Log In / Sign Up













Interior Paint & Primer
Exterior Paint & Primer
Wood Stains, Finishes, Strippers & Cleaners
Floor Coatings, Sealers & Prep
Specialty Paints






Ratings & Reviews













Paint Colors







Stain Colors







2017 Color Trends







Downloadable Color Palettes













Architect > >
				
		CUSTOMER SERVICE
		

Send & Share










Send Page by Email
Email this page to your family and friends.
Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our  privacy policy


Thank you.Your email has been sent.Click the Close button to continue.

Name*


First*



Last*



Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*



Email Address*





BEHRPro News*

I Would like to receive BEHRPro news and special offers via email.


Select One
Yes
No





Recipient Emails(s)*

Enter the recipient email addresses, separated by commas.

Please separate addresses with a comma.



Personal Message

Optionally, add a personal message.
















 


Shopping Cart is Full

You cannot add any additional items to the Shopping Cart
Close Window





Site will log you out

                        
        You are leaving the BEHR® Consumer website. You will be logged out.

Close








Ask an Expert by Email


Thank you, Your email has been sent to our experts.

Close







CUSTOMER SERVICE
Answers, solutions, & services where and when you need them.





Behr Corp. Headquarters

Behr Process Corporation
3400 W. Segerstrom Ave.
Santa Ana, CA 92704
 
Phone: 714.545.7101
Fax: 714.241.1002



Email Us/General Feedback


Technical Services

United States
1-800-854-0133 ext. 2
Mon - Fri, 6am-5pm PST
Sat, 7am-3:30pm PST
Sun, Closed
Canada
1-800-661-1591
Mon - Fri, 6am-5pm PST
Sat, 7am-3:30pm PST
Sun, Closed







Behr is committed to helping you find the right products for your specifications and projects. We are here to give you the support and guidance you need for any of your project questions.





GET HELP WITH:

Project Advisement
Whatever the size and scope of your project, our dedicated Behr Architectural Sales Associates are available to recommend the specific Behr/Kilz products that will deliver the performance and appearance your project demands.


Product Recommendations
Thoroughly versed in the science behind all our products, your Behr Architectural Rep can recommend the specific coatings that will deliver the performance and appearance you want and meet the criteria your project demands.



CONTACTS
See below for appropriate contact.
National/Corporate


NAME
CONTACT NUMBER
EMAIL
REGION
CSI CHAPTER


 
		Janet "Jan" Piccola, FCSI 
		National Director 
		Architectural Division 
	
714-679-5730
JPiccola@behr.com
National
 
		Los Angeles, CA 
		Orange County, CA 
		Inland Empire, CA 
		Dallas, TX 
		Chicago, IL 
	


 
Joe Esquer, CSI 
National Technical 
Manager (Spec Central) 

M:657-212-0111O:714-545-7101Ext:2458
JEsquer@behr.com
National
 
Orange County, CA 




West Region


NAME
CONTACT NUMBER
EMAIL
REGION
CSI CHAPTER


 
Mike Murphy,CSI, CCPR, 
NACE 1 
Architectural Manager 

425-287-2173
MKMurphy@behrpaint.com
West CoastRegion
 
Sacramento, CA 
Santa Clara, CA 
San Francisco, CA 
Portland, OR 
Mt. Rainer, WA 
Puget Sound, WA 
Spokane, WA 



 
Peter Gaeta, CSI 
Architectural Representative 

619-852-4276
PGaeta@behrpaint.com
Inland Empire& San Diego, CA
 
San Diego, CA 
Inland Empire, CA 



 
Mario Villalobos, CSI 
Architectural Representative 

909-477-9845
MVillalobos@behrpaint.com
Los Angeles & Orange County, CA
 
Los Angeles, CA 
Orange County, CA 
Inland Empire, CA 



 
Merrilou Peek, CSI, CDT 
Architectural Representative 

480-665-0141
MPeek@behrpaint.com
ArizonaLas Vegas, NVDenver, CO
 
Phoenix, AZ 
Las Vegas, NV 



 
Michelle Estes, CSI, CDT 
Architectural e 

210-383-3847
MiEstes@behrpaint.com

	Austin, TX 
	Dallas, TX 
	Fort Worth, TX 
	Houston, TX 
	San Antonio, TX
	
 
Austin, TX 
Dallas, TX 
Fort Worth, TX 
Houston, TX 
San Antonio, TX



East Region


NAME
CONTACT NUMBER
EMAIL
REGION
CSI CHAPTER


 
Jeffrey Madigan 
Eastern Region 
Architectural Manager 

857-201-9402
JMadigan@behrpaint.com
East CoastRegion
 
Boston, MA 
Pensacola, FL 



 
Johnathan Meany, CSI 
Architectural Representative 

609-453-0720
JMeany@behrpaint.com
Special Projects
 
Chicago, IL  
Philadelphia, PA 
Baltimore, MD 
Washington, DC 
Richmond, VA 
Cleveland, OH 
Kansas City, MO 



 
Daniel Reidy, CSI 
Architectural Representative 

551-404-7942
DReidy@behrpaint.com
ConnecticutNew York
 
New York Metro



 
Karen Fravert, CSI, CDT 
Architectural Representative 

205-732-2229
KFravert@behrpaint.com
Atlanta, GA& SE Corridor
 
Atlanta, GA 
Charlotte, NC 
Raleigh-Durham, NC 
Charleston, SC 
Birmingham, AL 
New Orleans, LA 
Mississippi



 
Lisa Goodwin, IIDA, BREIA 
Architectural Representative 

954-790-9123
LGoodwin@behrpaint.com
Florida
 
Miami, FL 
Pensacola, FL 
Suncoast, FL 





If you have questions about architectural specifications, the color box, account rep or any other architect-related question, please email us at architectinfo@behr.com.












Subscribe to BEHR Architect emails for the latest updates on promotions, products and events.
SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES






						UNSUBSCRIBE
						


						SUBSCRIBE
						

BEHR Architect Email List




Thank You!
							  You are now signed up to receive valuable information from BEHR.



Sign up and receive business advice and exclusive discounts delivered to your inbox.



Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*





Location*




Canada
USA


Country*



ZIP / Postal*











You are now unsubscribed from BEHR Architect emails.  We're sorry to see you go.


Enter your email address and we will unsubscribe you from the BEHR email list.

Fields with an asterisk (*) are required. See our privacy policy


Email Address*















 

 
Country & Language Selection
Select your location and language preference below.



US

English -
					Español







QUICK LINKS

Home
Products
Color Tools
TDS and MSDS
Master Spec
BEHR Color Box
Woodsmart by BEHR®



ABOUT BEHR

About Us



FIND US ON

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest






  Copyright © 2017 Behr Process Corporation

Architect Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Standard Sales Terms and Conditions






