













 | Ardusat
















 














A more compelling way to learn
            Math



Ardusat helps educators & parents make learning
            exciting. Teach kids hands-on science, explore coding, use real-data to enhance STEM curriculum 
            and more – all in a way that’s designed for teachers.
          

Bring Ardusat to your Classroom

Or scroll down to discover Ardusat












A more compelling way to learn
          Math



Ardusat helps educators & parents make learning
          exciting. Teach kids hands-on science, explore coding, use real-data to enhance STEM curriculum 
          and more – all in a way that’s designed for teachers.
        
Bring Ardusat to your Classroom
Or scroll down to discover Ardusat









Ardusat Brings "I Built this!" Moments to Your Classroom
Ardusat is a learning experience platform combining student-friendly hardware kits with web-based lesson plans.
In each experiment, students use Ardusat to build, code, and show off what they’re learning. This isn’t a run-of-the-mill lecture or a project that takes two months. Every single experiment can be done in a class period or two, giving your students plenty of building experience.
We’ve designed our experiments around Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS) and other educational standards. But our hands-on approach to learning STEM does more than meet rigorous standards. It inspires students to understand how these subjects work in the real world. And when students get excited, teachers win.







What is Ardusat?
Our sensor kits and software do more than teach science, technology, engineering, and math. They help students learn to think like scientists, developing critical thinking, problem-solving, scientific and digital literacy skills they’ll need throughout their lives.








eHub
Our web-based home for our learning experiences. Teachers can browse through pre-designed labs, personalize them, or publish their own. Our classroom management features save you time, so you can focus on inspiring students to become explorers, right in the classroom. We’re constantly adding new lessons and experiments aligned with NGSS and other educational standards.
View a sample lesson in eHub









Sensor Kit
Based on open-source Arduino hardware, our Sensor Kit includes everything you need to run eHub experiments. Its high durability makes it ideal for classroom environments. And its range of sensors means it can be used again and again for different experiments, giving it great value.









Educator Support
Need help? We’re happy to support your use of Ardusat anyway we can. Ardusat also provides open learning resources to ignite your students’ imaginations and instill an excitement for science, engineering, math, and technology.
We also provide professional development to help educators adapt to the latest education standards.




Get Started






"These are the best days of the year."


Educators love Ardusat – and for good reason. Ardusat excites students and makes learning science, technology, engineering, and math fun.
Plus, our kits and online experiments are teacher-friendly, making them ideal for classroom use. In fact, once teachers have Ardusat in the classroom, they can run as many experiments as they want, making it a great learning investment.
Make every experiment “the best day of the year” with Ardusat.







Here's How Ardusat Works:



1. Pick your hardware



2. Choose a learning experience



3. Follow step-by-step lesson plans



4. Analyze & Share




Bring Ardusat to your classroom
Bring Ardusat to your classroom






Flexible Learning Experiences in Your Classroom
Our eHub offers dozens of lessons organized by grade, subject, and more. Here are just a few samples:





Science Experiments
Our science experiments promote scientific inquiry and help students learn how to think like scientists. We’ve designed our experiments around current education science standards and practices, including:

Asking questions, then answering them by analyzing and interpreting data.
Obtaining, evaluating, and communicating information.


Sample Ardusat Science Experiments







Heat Absorption





Egg Drop





Magnets








Technology Experiments
As more school districts move to incorporate coding and other technology skills into their curricula, educators need simple-to-implement resources. Our technology experiments make this exciting for students and accessible for teachers.
Our experiments teach students these tech standards:

Developing and using models.
Analyzing and interpreting data.
Obtaining, evaluating, and communicating information.


Sample Ardusat Technology Experiments







Reflex Competition





Color Mixing with RGB Light





Will it Conduct?








Engineering Lessons
Our engineering lessons teach students to solve problems by designing and creating solutions, then iterating to produce better designs. Our engineering lessons are designed to promote current education standards and practices, including:

Defining problems.
Testing and iterating on solutions.
Using mathematics and computational thinking.


Sample Ardusat Engineering Experiments







Solar Ovens





Lunar Lander Crash Test





Earthquake Simulator








Math Lessons
"When am I ever going to use this?" Ardusat helps students connect math lessons with real-world applications. As students see how math can be used in exciting ways, teachers enjoy higher engagement.
Our lessons teach students these (and other) math standards:

Make sense of problems and persevere in solving them
Construct viable arguments and critique the reasoning of others
Use appropriate tools strategically to help inform identification of mathematical patterns and structure


Sample Ardusat Math Experiments







Luminosity and Light Source Distance





Features of Functions





RGB Ratios, Decimals and Percents









What Educators Say


As an 8th grade teacher, almost all of the e-hub platform experiments can be used to match my needs. Students are finally able to design and test experiments that before this software were not possible.

Jennifer Schmitt is an 8th grade science teacher at Santa Rosa School District in Florida






Ardusat engages students in authentic micro-controller sensing without it being in a mysterious black box. This helps students have a deeper understanding of the experiments and activities they are doing.

Charlie Matthews is the STEM Program Coordinator at Park City School District in Park City, Utah






Interested in seeing how parents, teachers, and district science/STEM directors are inspiring the next generation of inventors, problem-solvers, and explorers?
Read Our Community Stories








Ready to Get Started?
You appreciate the value an interactive STEM program can bring to your class, and we want to make the experience of implementing the program hassle-free.









Which Option is the Right Fit for You?





Classroom Launch Pack
Our Classroom Launch Pack provides teachers with resources that enable their students to conduct hands-on experiments using sensors, providing them with a one-of-a-kind classroom experience. The Sensor Kit helps students learn the fundamentals of remote sensing and prepares them to run an annual experiment using the same sensors on satellites. Teachers will be supported by the Ardusat Support Team to ensure successful implementation in their classroom.
A Launch Pack contains the following:

10 Sensor Kits (ideal for a classroom of up to 35 students, divided into teams)
1 DemoSat
Wireless Kit
1 Year Site License for the Experiment Hub
Training, Support, PD
Annual Space Experiment on a real satellite


Order Classroom Launch Kit





Individual Sensor Kit
The Ardusat Sensor Kit is a great way to get started with basic Arduino programming and learn about the sensors sent into orbit on Spire CubeSats. It’s perfect for parents looking to get their kids started coding, engineering, making/DIYing, and more.
Ardusat provides beginner-level experiments and ideas, but really the possibilities are endless on what you want to measure and data you want to collect on earth. This kit is ideal for hobbyists ages 12+.
The Sensor Kit includes:

Arduino
Ardusat Sensor Board (Luminosity Sensor, Temperature Sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Barometer, Ultra Violet Light Sensor, Infrared Thermopile, RGB Sensor)
Resistors, Transistors, LEDs, and more to get started experimenting
1 Year Personal License for Ardusat eHub (does not include educator features)


Order Individual Kit





Want something else? Visit our store to view all our products.



































 | Ardusat
















 


 





Let us know what's on your mind









First Name





Last Name





School





City





State

State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Country

Country
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Chinese Taipei
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Email





Phone





Message







          Keep up to date with the latest news and updates from the Ardusat team
        



Send




















 
Ardusat



















 | Ardusat
















 


 






Our Programs
Our programs are designed to improve STEM education inside and out. We’ve built all of our learning resources with the NGSS and local state standards as a foundation.




STEM Curriculum
Learn about STEM curriculum that ignites imagination.



Science Labs
Ardusat’s engaging and interactive science labs are designed for schools, with a full set of classroom management tools and resources.



Space Labs
Bring real data from space into the classroom.



Professional Development
Explore workshops, demos and webinars meant to help you develop your professional skills and expand your knowledge.











Students in Santa Rosa County are learning to problem solve, use mathematics, and utilize science concepts when we're using the Ardusat program. It's getting them ready for the future and where we need them to be.


Susan Still, 5th Grade Teacher







STEM Curriculum that Ignites Imagination







Our instructional design team is constantly creating exciting experiments and curriculum which use Arduinos, sensors, data, coding, and more. Apply these classroom-ready resources right away, or personalize them to fit your learning objectives. It’s simple to add modules and edit lesson plans.







Once you’ve assigned an experiment to your class, your students can take notes, ask questions, and collect data right in the experiment. Share your projects with other teachers, or search the eHub and be inspired by other experiments.










Science Labs for Classrooms
Purpose-Built for Schools
Ardusat’s engaging and interactive science labs are designed for schools, with a full set of classroom management tools and resources.

Set up multiple classes.
Import rosters.
Assign experiments to individuals or teams.
Review completed experiments.







Flexible, Classroom-Ready Resources
All labs are easy to integrate into current curriculum, so you can use them right away or personalize them to fit your learning objectives.







Intuitive STEM Curriculum
With Ardusat’s intuitive content and professional development, teachers don’t need to have an engineering background to teach engineering concepts, or a technology background to teach technical content.







Powerful Tools
Students conduct exciting experiments right in the platform, capturing data in eHub and utilizing its powerful graphing and logging tools to analyze findings.












Launch Your School's Space Program





Make Space Accessible
Ardusat gives schools the tools to grant students access to space like never before and without the high costs.









How It Works
Our Mission Control team will help your students design their experiments, which includes: choosing sensors, collection frequencies, and locations around the globe, that will deliver the kind of data real scientists work with. Through our partnership with Spire we’ll run your experiment in space and deliver back the data the satellites collect.








Real-Time Satellite Tracking
With our live satellite tracker, your class will be able to monitor their experiment every step of the way. See what other schools are doing in space right now.


View Satellites











Training Options to Suit Your Needs
We have numerous professional development options to help you get started and expand your knowledge. Request onsite and online sessions, or watch recorded training at your convenience.








Workshops




Engineering For Science Teachers
Four hour, onsite training for science teachers who want to incorporate engineering into their curriculum. Learn More.



Learning Outcomes:

Identify engineering role in science courses
Use Arduino and sensors to collect and analyze data
Troubleshoot technology related problems
Identify engineering projects appropriate for course


Topics:
            Arduino, Troubleshooting, Sensors, Experiments, Code, Engineering, Engineering Process.
          

Benefits:
            Increases hands on projects in the classroom, increases faculty comfort level with engineering, increases student problems solving skills.
          





NGSS Your Science Curriculum
Eight hour, onsite training for science teachers that covers the Engineering for Science Teachers Ardusat workshop with NGSS aspects Learn More.



Learning Outcomes:

Identify engineering role in science courses
Use Arduino and sensors to collect and analyze data
Troubleshoot technology related problems
Identify engineering projects appropriate for course
Run inquiry based lesson
Increase problem solving
Describe three parts of standards (core ideas, crosscutting concepts, practices)
Build assessment tools for NGSS activities


Topics:
            Arduino, troubleshooting, sensors, experiments, code, engineering, engineering process, NGSS practices, NGSS disciplinary core ideas, NGSS crosscutting concepts, building models, asking questions, data analysis.
          

Benefits:
            Makes NGSS implementations easy, supplies teachers with lessons and assessment plans that are in line with NGSS.
          





Ardusat Launch Pack Getting Started for Teachers
Two hour, online training for science teachers who have purchased a launch pack or sensor kit. Learn More.



Learning Outcomes:

Identify parts in kit
Connect components to Arduino
Upload code to Arduino
Identify sensors on space board
Collect data for experiment
Run eHub experiment
Customize eHub experiments


Topics:
            Arduino, space board, sensor kit, experiments, eHub, troubleshooting, DemoSat, expansion collection.
          

Benefits:
            Provides teachers with a fast, guided method to learn about the basics.
          





Learn by Experimenting with Ardusat
Two hour, onsite training for science teachers who want to learn more about incorporating labs in their classroom. Learn More.



Learning Outcomes:

Connect components to Arduino
Upload code to Arduino
Identify sensors on space board
Collect data for experiment
Run eHub experiment


Topics:
            Arduino, space board, sensor kit, experiments, eHub, troubleshooting, DemoSat, expansion collection.
          

Benefits:
            Builds excitement and enthusiasm for hands on projects; introduces teachers to the world of Arduino, code, and sensors; creates an “I did that!” moments for students.
          





Learn by Watching
Three hour, onsite training (plus a short planning call) to observe an instructor teaching Arduinos, NGSS, coding, etc. Learn More.



Learning Outcomes:
Customizable based on need

Topics:
            Arduino, troubleshooting, sensors, experiments, code, engineering, engineering process, NGSS, eHub, DemoSat, etc.
          

Benefits:
            Provides teachers with pre-session and post-session coaching and a live teaching example.
          









Recorded Demos & Webinars








Arduinos in the Classroom
Get some fun ideas and some helpful tips and tricks for using Arduinos in the classroom









NGSS: CubeSats, DemoSats, and Models
Learn about how NGSS uses models to prepare students for jobs of tomorrow and check out the Ardusat DemoSat which is a perfect example of a model!









Makerspaces and STEM Education
Learn about how Ardusat is engaging students in STEM and data science using Arduinos, sensors, and the Ardusat Experiment Platform.









Funding your STEM Projects
Check out some helpful tips on ways to secure funding for your STEM project.





































 | Ardusat
















 


 





How far can STEM go?
An education experience is more than just what happens in the classroom. Let's follow our curiosity and keep exploring together.







We’ve taken it to space but we think it can go even further. That’s because every curious mind that has impactful experiences with STEM has the potential to go one step beyond anything anyone’s imagined yet. That’s what we get excited about—providing groundbreaking collaborative tools, community and support that are a natural fit in the classroom but can take those possibilities anywhere. We’re here to help make sure the adventure is a fun (and powerful) one.







Our Team



Sunny Washington


CEO, Co-founder






Kevin Cocco


CIO, Co-founder






Ben Peters


CTO, Co-founder






Ben Neiswender


Director of Learning






Jeff Couch


Director of Sales






Maureen Marcoux


Business Development Manager






Duane Johnson


Senior Hardware/Software Engineer






Lindsey Henderson


Learning Content Manager






Harleigh Roberts


Space Intern






Jane Coates


Space Intern







Our Investors






































03
Love What We Do









02
Team is Everything









01
Having Fun While Doing It









If you're passionate about education, excited about space, and wear the nerd badge with honor, we want to hear from you.
Join Ardusat



















 














 | Ardusat
















 


 





Press & Media Kit







For press and media inquries contact news@ardusat.com







In The News










April 5, 2017
"The 82 Hottest EdTech Tools of 2017 According to Education Experts"










March 31, 2017
"EdTech Cool Tool Award Winner 2017"










September 7, 2016
"Open STEM Platform Expands Curriculum, Technology and Professional Development Content"










July 25, 2016
"Utah entrepreneur getting kids fired up about space science"










March 15, 2016
"8 pieces of ed tech news to note from SXSWedu 2016"












Media Resources


Logos
































Images





































































 




Ardusat – Ardusat Blog





















































































STEM Learning & Experiments by ArdusatMaking STEM fun for learners through real-world data. (And helping parents and educators, too!)Check out our latest posts below.



 





















Education

Parents

Science

STEM

Teachers

 






June 28, 2017


4 Inspiring Lessons for Parents About Teaching Children STEM 

Sunny
Parents, STEM
0






When my daughter was in the 2nd grade, she made a casual comment that shocked me. “I’m not good at math,” she said. “Why?” I immediately asked. “I don’t know,” she replied. “I just said that.”
 More













June 26, 2017


This DIY Paper Airplane Launcher Will Be Too Much Fun 

ardusat_admin
Parents, Science, STEM
0






School’s out – are your kids bored yet? This DIY paper airplane launcher isn’t just a fun activity. It’s a great “launching” off point for some awesome science experiments.
 More













April 20, 2017


What is Arduino, and How Does it Help Educators? 

Ardusat
Education, STEM, Teachers
0






How a tiny, affordable piece of hardware is transforming STEM education.
 More













April 7, 2017


5 Ways to Engage Students in Science Class 

Sunny
Science, Teachers
0






Struggling to keep students interested during science? You’re not alone. Whether it’s competing with smartphones, doodling, or something out the window, it’s a challenge to get students to focus.
 More













April 5, 2017


How Teachers Can Add Coding to Their Curriculum (Even If They Haven’t Coded Before) 

Lindsey
STEM
1






Teach a STEM subject (science, technology, engineering, or math)? Then you might have noticed a greater focus on coding. Many states and districts are encouraging teachers of STEM subjects, even those who have never coded before, to start teaching their students coding.
 More













September 28, 2016


Using Games to Teach STEM Subjects 

Ben
STEM
0






These fun and challenging built-it-yourself games cover all the bases from electrical engineering to coding to working with sensors. Read more about Ardusat’s products here.
 More













September 8, 2016


6 Tips for Great Arduino-based Learning Experiences. 

Ben
Education, Teachers
0






By Ben Neiswender, Director of Learning, Ardusat Here are some tips to make Arduino-based learning experiences great – in or out of the classroom.
 More













September 8, 2016


Introduction 

Sunny
STEM
0






By Sunny Washington, CEO, Ardusat On July 21, 1969 the world heard the famous words “that’s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind” as Neil Armstrong was the first man to step on the moon. What an incredible moment in history.
 More

















Search


Categories 
Education

Parents

Science

STEM

Teachers


 






























 











Ardusat, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:58 AM ET
Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

Company Overview of Ardusat, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ardusat, Inc., an educational technology company, operates an educational platform, which provides tools for educators that help science and math students to learn from satellites in space. The company offers a space kit, which provides access to learning resources that teach about the sensors that are used by classrooms to create and run space experiments. It offers an open satellite platform that enables the general public to design and run applications, games, and experiments in space while steering onboard cameras to take pictures on-demand; and students to conduct experiments by controlling integrated sensors, such as spectrometers, magnetometers, radiation measurement devices, gyroscop...
Ardusat, Inc., an educational technology company, operates an educational platform, which provides tools for educators that help science and math students to learn from satellites in space. The company offers a space kit, which provides access to learning resources that teach about the sensors that are used by classrooms to create and run space experiments. It offers an open satellite platform that enables the general public to design and run applications, games, and experiments in space while steering onboard cameras to take pictures on-demand; and students to conduct experiments by controlling integrated sensors, such as spectrometers, magnetometers, radiation measurement devices, gyroscopes, accelerometers, and thermometers. The company also operates an online store for DemoSats, space kits, classroom launch packs, T-shirts, logo stickers, space kit expansion products, logging expansion kits, rechargeable batteries, and wireless expansion kits. Ardusat, Inc. was founded in 2012 and is based in Sandy, Utah.
Detailed Description


9690 South 300 WestSuite 320GSandy, UT 84070United StatesFounded in 2012



www.ardusat.com







Key Executives for Ardusat, Inc.




Ms. Sunny Washington


      	President
      








Mr. Kevin Cocco


      	Chief Technology Officer
      








Ms. Tiffany Powell


      	Senior Program Director
      








Mr. Ben Peters


      	Director of Engineering
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 #1 Network, Inc. United States 10x Communications, Inc. United States 1450 Inc. United States 1st Choice Security Solutions, Inc. United States 20th Century Lites, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      January 27, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      September 19, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ardusat, Inc., please visit www.ardusat.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Ardusat Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























ardusat inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Media
Ardusat, Inc. operates as a non-profit company. The Company offers educational platform for K-12 and higher education students to study science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.




Corporate Information
Address:

1318 East Bent Pine CV
Draper, UT 84020
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Ardusat Inc. in Salt Lake City, UT | 341 S Main Street,  Suite 111, Salt Lake City, UT






< Back to previousArdusat Inc.(0){{slogan}}341 S Main Street,  Suite 111Salt Lake City, UT 84111{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Message from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeProducts & Servicesautomobile parts, beds, bumpers, differentials, driveshafts, hoods, other truck parts, transmissions... Moreautomobile parts, beds, bumpers, differentials, driveshafts, hoods, other truck parts, transmissions LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.



Ardusat | Product Reviews | EdSurge 
Company DashboardWhat We DoMust-know news, insights and opinions at the juncture of education and technologyCheck It OutThe best available jobs in the edtech industry and education around the USCheck It OutThe latest trends and leaders transforming higher education with technologyCheck It OutThe latest education technology tools, reviewed by teachersCheck It OutBest practice research about how technology is used in leading schools and districtsCheck It OutDashboardProduct Index Curriculum ProductsScienceArdusat by ArdusatGRADES / Elementary (Grades K-4), High School (Grades 9-12), Middle School (Grades 5-8)PRICING PLANS / One Time Purchase, LicensePLATFORMS / Web Browser, Custom Hardwarehttps://www.ardusat.com/productsWrite a Case StudyWrite a Case StudyAbout Reviews Case Studies+Summit Reflections13 About Reviews Hands-on STEM activitiesOverviewArdusat is a space-based STEM program. Students assemble CubeSats and send them into orbit while collecting data and completing corresponding online lessons. Both the satellite hardware kits and curriculum are available for purchase. APPROACH Students begin using Ardusat by opening their Space Kits and following directions to assemble their satellites, called CubeSats. Space Kits are individual kits that must be ordered. Students can assemble it individually; however, it is most commonly assembled in small groups. Once they have assembled their CubeSats, students use their own model as a way to test code for the real CubeSats in space. Students design experiments and collect data from space while completing simulated experiments, activities, and online assignments using Ardusat’s accompanying curriculum. From their ‘Experiment Platform’ dashboard, students continually collect, analyze, and share data from their CubeSat online, which is connected to the hardware in space. PRICING Individual ‘Space Kits’ cost $150 per kit. An annual license for Experiment Platform costs $5000 per school, annually. Other pricing inquiries can be made on the website.READ MOREEDUCATOR REVIEWSCase Studies+Write a Case StudyAre you a teacher or administrator who has used this product? Be the first to share your experiences with others by writing a Case Study:Write a Case StudySummit Reflections 13Tech coordinator/robotics   School Type: Middle School, High ELL Population, Low Income PopulationIt's still a little pricey for most schools to use large scale.
If there was a way to make the kits more affordable would ...Read Full ReviewView All Reviews PRODUCT VIDEOS Product OverviewEDUCATOR REVIEWSTech coordinator/robotics   School Type: Middle School, High ELL Population, Low Income PopulationIt's still a little pricey for most schools to use large scale.
If there was a way to make the kits more affordable would ...Read Full ReviewDavid   Learning Through Interest Coordinator. School Type: High School, Project Based School, 1:1 Devices, BYOD Devices, Blended LearningNot sure yet. Perhaps finding other organized ways to put these devices to use. (Undersea experiments, atmospheric experiments, gettting researchers and explorers to pu...Read Full ReviewView All 13 Reviews PRICING PLANS One Time PurchaseLaunch Pack - $2000 for 10 hardware kits.Can be purchased by Teacher, School Leader, District Administrator, or Parent.  LicenseCurriculum is free, hardware is a one-time purchase, Experiment Platform is  a subscription      - Curriculum product is free and open.
Launch Pack is $2000 and is the sensor hardware and a one-time purchase.
Experiment Platform is the software and is a 1 year site license.Can be purchased by Teacher, School Leader, or District Administrator. TECHNOLOGY PLATFORMSThis product is accessible via a web browser --  Requires Java.  Optimized for mobile browsers This product is available as a native application on the following devices:Custom HardwareIN EDSURGE NEWSArdusat Launches Kids’ Science Experiments on Space OdysseyApr 16, 2015PRODUCT ATTRIBUTESStandards Common Core Aligned State-Standards Aligned× 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Reviews | Ardusat | Product Reviews | EdSurge 
Company DashboardWhat We DoMust-know news, insights and opinions at the juncture of education and technologyCheck It OutThe best available jobs in the edtech industry and education around the USCheck It OutThe latest trends and leaders transforming higher education with technologyCheck It OutThe latest education technology tools, reviewed by teachersCheck It OutBest practice research about how technology is used in leading schools and districtsCheck It OutDashboardProduct Index Curriculum ProductsScienceReviews for ArdusatCase Studies+ Summit Reflections13 In Summit Reflections, educators review tools that they have seen at an EdSurge Tech for Schools Summit. Summit Reflections can only be completed onsite at the event; reviewers are incentivized to leave reviews.Tech coordinator/robotics, School Type: Middle School, High ELL Population, Low Income Population  — AdvocateUsage: There are two courses that could use this product. 
One class is the maker class that would like to do more circuitry work and the kits look like they could fit the bill.
One class is about coding and we could use it to look closer at coding the circuitry.
We could use the experiment in our science classes to make more real world connections to the content.Strengths: The ability to cross the subjects is a major plus for this project. STEM schools could use it in mulitple ways.Suggestions for Improvement: It's still a little pricey for most schools to use large scale.
If there was a way to make the kits more affordable would probably make the product more accessible.Verdict: I think you could use it across different classes, from math to science to computer science.Sep 10, 2016          David, Learning Through Interest Coordinator. School Type: High School, Project Based School, 1:1 Devices, BYOD Devices, Blended Learning  — AdvocateUsage: I would use this in a focused project session where students would work for a focused 'design challenge' over 2-3 weeks. Strengths: I love how they are building some structure into utilizing Arduino's and also making the design process authentic (possibly going to space). And as an earth science teacher, I also like how the technology is helping to convey complex planetary processes. Suggestions for Improvement: Not sure yet. Perhaps finding other organized ways to put these devices to use. (Undersea experiments, atmospheric experiments, gettting researchers and explorers to put them in remote places (like Antarctica or Mt Everest.)Verdict: For our new school, these tools and resources help us build our practice.Sep 10, 2016          Aimee, Teacher. School Type: High School, Low Income Population, College Prep School, 1:1 Devices  — NeutralUsage: It only has functionality in a physics and computer science integrated course.Strengths: It would integrate authentically computer science and physics.
The data from the probeware is available anywhere there is a computer.Suggestions for Improvement: 1) Have a non-coding option.  I'm not willing to learn to code to use a probeware that doesn't have the same functionality that other probeware does.
2) Expand your functions.  This appeals only to a very limited market because it doesn't have much applicability outside of a physics and/or computer science classroom.
3) Have a non-coding option (again!).  I don't want to use the limited time I have to teach chemistry to also try to teach my students coding.Verdict: If the course is integrating physics and computer programming, this item seems like it would fit well, but otherwise, it doesn't have a broad enough application to be relevant to other contents.
It doesn't have probes for other metrics (like specific chemical signatures), and although it can integrate with other probes, that requires writing or finding the code to integrate it. 
Which brings me to my next point, it requires knowing some coding.  Maybe not a lot, but I, and most of the teachers (even most of the science teachers) don't know any.  And my students (by and large) don't know any.  So there would need to be extra time spent teaching myself then them how to code before I could even begin to teach them about science.Sep 10, 2016          Rana, Math and Physics Teacher. School Type: High School, 1:1 Devices  — AdvocateUsage: I would collect data from satellites to create projects to work onStrengths: Good variety in types of data that can be collected. Suggestions for Improvement: more info to be collected in data sets
resources on projects and curriculum in math/physics/engineering that can be done with the dataVerdict: Awesome way to do PBL that integrates with math and scienceSep 10, 2016          Katherine, Teacher. School Type: Elementary School  — AdvocateUsage: If I am an upper grade teacher, this would be a great tool and program for students to have the opportunity to incorporate science lesson with hands on experience and the use of technology.Strengths: It provides all the materials needed with kits, and online programs for teachers to use.Suggestions for Improvement: It would be wonderful to have cost cut down in order to provide more schools to introduce this product and program to students.Verdict: A great tool for students to learn collaboration and learning with science, math and reading content that can excite students learning.Sep 10, 2016          Mr, Teacher. School Type: Middle School, High ELL Population, Low Income Population, 1:1 Devices, Blended Learning  — AdvocateUsage: Cost is too high. Would try and crowd source, but need that to fund. Strengths: I really like the connection to students learning and pulling in space. Having set lessons about what the students could track on their website. Suggestions for Improvement: getting it into the classroom at $3000 is pretty steep. 
The ability to find a cheaper way to fund
No low cost model.Verdict: I think the idea is great, and the ability to program a device is critical in this day in age. Having pre-made lessons on how to use the Ardruino based unit is crucial. Sep 10, 2016          Sharon, Director of Innovation. School Type: Elementary School, Middle School, Project Based School, 1:1 Devices  — AdvocateUsage: I would use it w/ 5th grade -8th grade science and 7th & 8th grade intercession loved the ISS satellite connection Strengths: Cost is high because we already bought ardunios & grove sensors I love that curriculum is open source Suggestions for Improvement: Work w/ blackly and Python develop online course mapping new CSTA standards to connections with NGSS science standardsVerdict: It works with our current ardunios and raspberry pi experiments can be done in space.  Cost is high for sensor Sep 10, 2016          Teacher, School Type: High School  — NeutralUsage: To teach earth science in particular about earthquakes, volcanoes. It would use it for engineering projectsStrengths: 1) It uses recent tech advances 
3) It doesn't look fully developed or tested enough in classroomSuggestions for Improvement: 1) more experiments available
2) more user friendly
3) cheaperVerdict: In favor: It's real high tech, cutting edge, uses satellite
Against:  It doesn't have enough activities or labs yet. shows great potentialSep 10, 2016          Student, School Type: Higher Education  — NeutralUsage: Extra-curricular activities for students interested in the field of space Strengths: Introduces students to space study and some of the career opportunities in this sector Suggestions for Improvement: partner with summer space camps to fully reach the target marketVerdict: Very interesting subject area however not related to the curriculum enough apart from upper secondary/ higher educationSep 10, 2016          Speech Therapist, School Type: High School, Higher Education  — NeutralUsage: Very high for my students as I work with special education students.Strengths: Its a great tool. It works very well as it provides visual feedback and interactive.Suggestions for Improvement: communication and sharing of data between schools. Sharing views. Sharing ideas.Verdict: It may be useful for a pass time activity for general ed high functioning students.Sep 10, 2016          Counselor, School Type: Middle School  — AdvocateUsage: Group projects per trimester. Strengths: Highly detailed tutorials. Simple real-world hardware. Large scale real-world application. Suggestions for Improvement: Pricing per unit, offline usage, increased modifiabiltyVerdict: Would recommend it to schools with coding engineering programs. Possibly even after school programs for specific subjects. Would provide something tangible for kids to see that something small can impact something at such a larger scale.Sep 10, 2016          TSA, School Type: Elementary School  — AdvocateUsage: I would use it to teach coding. Strengths: It comes with curriculum.Suggestions for Improvement: I would love for them to do K-12Verdict: It is a good tool for learning about electronics and coding.Sep 10, 2016          Teacher, School Type: High School  — NeutralUsage: I would like to experiment with the programming aspect involved. Since students can code using C++, my hope is that this would be a good cause-program-effect interface, and hence help me hone my own coding skills.Strengths: Ability to upload designs etc.Suggestions for Improvement: Dont know enough about the product to comment.Verdict: Good tool for students who are interested in core programming (C++ etc).
The connection with online interface truly helps.Sep 10, 2016          × 













 













 













 


