

Argent Trust Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback











































argent trust co
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Argent Trust Co NA operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers financial planning, trusts, and real estate management services to families and organizations.




Corporate Information
Address:

6513 Perkins Road
Baton Rouge, LA 70808
United States


Phone:
1-225-456-2101


Fax:
1-866-761-6520


Web url:
www.argentfinancial.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Gary A Moore


President/Mgr:Natl & Regional




Reid M Harrell


CEO:Texas




Samuel Neill Boldrick III


CIO:Texas/Managing Director




Lucius McGehee


Exec VP:Institutional Services




Donna Lacour


Senior VP/Personal Trust Mgr




Vaughn Antley


Senior VP/Senior Invsmt Ofcr




Richard Funchess


Senior Vice President




Joe Fisher Jr


Senior Vice President




David Fuselier


Senior Vice President




Susie Hammond


Senior Vice President




Clay Hardy


Senior Vice President




James M Pettus


Senior Vice President




Lisa O'Blanc


Senior Vice President




Chris Shankle


Senior Vice President




Ann Marie Mills


Senior VP:Employee Benefits




Lana R Patton


VP/Institutional Service Ofcr




Charlene Hoffman


VP/Manager:Relationship




Hank Rohrer


VP/Senior Investment Officer




Brandon Glenn


VP/Senior Investment Officer




Jim Christman


VP/Trust Officer



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































ARGENT TRUST CO OF L - RUSTON, LA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



LA



RUSTON



Trusts, Nec



Trusts, Nec



                            ARGENT TRUST CO OF L
                                    



 





















A 


ARGENT TRUST CO OF L
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



305 S VIENNA ST RUSTON, LA 71270
Get Directions



(318) 254-1160





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $99,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Trusts, Nec
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Argent Trust Co Of L was founded in 2010. Argent Trust Co Of L specializes in Trusts, Nec. Argent Trust Co Of L has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $99,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




































Stock Observer














 















 



  
 
 







Can Sears Save Its Appliances Business By Partnering with Amazon?
Jul 23rd, 2017
				Amazon and Sears have been in the news a lot lately, but for the opposite reasons: one is growing while the other is struggling. Today, though, they share bylines as it turns out that...   






Low Fees and Good Earnings Spell An Excellent Day—and Quarter—for BlackRock

							Jul 22nd, 2017						 

							BlackRock is the largest asset management firm in the world and, on Monday,...   
 





Coca Cola (UK) To Double Recycled Plastics En Route to 100 Percent Recycled Materials in Bottles

							Jul 20th, 2017						 

							Estimates suggest that plastic bottle production is slated to grow another 20...   
 





Facebook To Unveil A Standalone Oculus VR Headset Next Year

							Jul 19th, 2017						 

							Facebook will in 2018 be unveiling a new Oculus VR headset that will operate...   
 





Interactive Demos For The HomeKit System Unveiled At Apple Stores

							Jul 18th, 2017						 

							Shoppers interested in trying out Apple’s smart home system can now do so...   
 
 
 



Headlines
Toshiba Will Pay To Finish Nuclear Reactors In Southern United States

					Jun 13th, 2017				





					The Tokyo-based Toshiba Corporation said, on Saturday, that it plans to contribute $3.68 billion to press onward with building two new nuclear reactors in the US state of Georgia. The company...  
More »

DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe
Ford Has Designed A Crib That Mimics A Car Ride To Help Babies Sleep




Health
Can Prolonged Antibiotic Use Lead to Colon Cancer?

					Apr 7th, 2017				





					So, we are now learning that long-term antibiotic use—and a somewhat ignorant medical over-reliance on them—has contributed to the rise of superbugs. These are bacteria which are mostly immune...  
More »

Can A Daily Low-Dose Aspirin Reduce Risk from Cancer Death?
At Least 1 in 5 Adults in the US Infected By High-Risk Strain of HPV
Smoking Rates Down but Population Growth Keeps Smoking Death Rate High







Economy
Oil Prices Up, but still struggling with direction

					Jun 26th, 2017				





					The price of oil has fallen dramatically this week, on the heels of growing concern over global oversupply. Some are saying, then, that there could be no better time than now to get into the...  
More »





Technology
DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe

					May 13th, 2017				





					A ban on large electronic items such as laptops in commercial flights headed to the United States might in the near future affect passengers from European countries. Currently the ‘laptop ban’...  
More »

Reports Loss And Stock Falls Sharply As Shareholders Take A Hit
Survey Reveals That Microsoft’s Surface Tablet More Satisfying Than The iPad




 
 






















Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Brokerages Anticipate Cummins Inc. (NYSE:CMI) Will Announce Earnings of $2.57 Per Share
Rosetta Genomics (NASDAQ:ROSG) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31
Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. – (NASDAQ:PAAC) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.29
Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Provident Financial Services (NYSE:PFS) Share Price
CPI Card Group (NASDAQ:PMTS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Accern Reports
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect CafePress (NASDAQ:PRSS) Stock Price
SLM Corporation (NASDAQ:SLM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.24
Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.20
Regency Centers Corporation (NYSE:REG) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.28
Santander Consumer USA Holdings (NYSE:SC) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
ABAXIS (ABAX) and Hansen Medical (NASDAQ:HNSN) Financial Survey
Head-To-Head Survey: Safeguard Scientifics (SFE) and UBS AG (NYSE:UBS)
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMHC) and China Distance Education Holdings Limited (NYSE:DL) Financial Survey
Lyon William Homes (WLH) and Century Communities (NYSE:CCS) Financial Survey
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Quotient Technology Inc. (NYSE:QUOT) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share
Analysts Anticipate Phillips 66 Partners LP (NYSE:PSXP) Will Announce Earnings of $0.73 Per Share
-$0.09 EPS Expected for ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:CTRV) This Quarter
$0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Annaly Capital Management Inc (NYSE:NLY) This Quarter
Entergy Corporation (ETR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
Head to Head Analysis: Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (NYSE:RS) and Ryerson Holding Corporation (RYI)



 
 


































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	Argent Trust & Financial Services - Products & Services






































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit

























































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















Argent Trust & Financial Services


Financial Planning











12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit












































603 Southwest Dr, 
Jonesboro, AR 72401







870-932-6001


















Is this Your Company?




















You are now following Argent Trust & Financial Services.





You are already following Argent Trust & Financial Services.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow Argent Trust & Financial Services.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews











Auto Insurance in Jonesboro, AR






603 Southwest Dr


Jonesboro AR, 72401












Request a Quote Now!












Business Insurance in Jonesboro, AR






603 Southwest Dr


Jonesboro AR, 72401












Request a Quote Now!












Home Owners Insurance in Jonesboro, AR






603 Southwest Dr


Jonesboro AR, 72401












Request a Quote Now!

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...







You have already requested approval to this storefront. Please wait 24 hours before requesting again.






Oops! Looks like you hit the maximum amount of new storefronts.

















Interested in more?


Contact Us












 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513



















                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.
































ARGENT TRUST COMPANY, N.A. Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






ARGENT TRUST COMPANY, N.A.






P O BOX 1440, RUSTON,  Louisiana, 71273, (318) 251-5800

No Holdings for this institution






Latest News Headlines




                            U.S. regulatory scrutiny scuppers deal for unit of China's HNA
                        



	                     4:58AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Banks dealing EU sovereign debt may be dragged out of London
                        



	                     4:33AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Lonza outlines 2022 targets, shares hit record highs
                        



	                     4:26AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            UK's Tullow Oil stays in red as weak oil prices drag down asset values
                        



	                     4:17AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            One year after IPO, Japanese chat app Line reports drop in user numbers
                        



	                     4:16AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX









































Argent Trust Co | Argent Trust Co Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Argent Trust Co 

                Last Update: 05-08-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 244

                    Number of New Stocks: 17




                    Total Value: $239 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 8%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Argent Trust Co has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Argent Trust Co has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Argent Trust Co has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Argent Trust Co has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Argent Trust Co's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
























Argent Trust Co in Memphis, TN | 6075 Poplar Ave, Ste 702, Memphis, TN






< Back to previousArgent Trust Co(0){{slogan}}6075 Poplar Ave, Ste 702Memphis, TN 38119{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Message from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeProducts & ServicesInvestment Planning... MoreInvestment Planning LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   




