


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Global Consumer Fund (PGLOX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Global Consumer Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PGLOX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								14.07%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.92
							
							-
							
								$11.72
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$12.79

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Global Consumer Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Consumer Defensive
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term growth of capital.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					9.48%
				
			

				
					9.48%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 14.17%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							14.17%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							June 27, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						4.14%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						1.05%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 


























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:13:36 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/25/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.02


$7.84




            POP


$7.84




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.95%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index


MSCI EAFE Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





MSCI Emerging Markets Bull Bear 3X ETFs | EDC EDZ | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
EDC


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
EDC.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
NDUEEGF


CUSIP
25490K281


ISIN
US25490K2814


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.19 / 1.15*


INCEPTION DATE
Dec 17, 2008




FUND SYMBOL
EDZ


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
EDZ.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
NDUEEGF


CUSIP
25459Y470


ISIN
US25459Y4706


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.16 / 1.11*


INCEPTION DATE
Dec 17, 2008







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%,  or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the price performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets IndexSM.  There is no guarantee these funds will meet their stated investment objectives.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 EDC EDZ Fact Sheet ETF Guide EDC Prospectus EDZ Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download EDC Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download EDZ Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

EDC 
    Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/26/2017    Shares Outstanding: 2,231,598.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
52,157,159.40
1.00
52,157,159.40


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
22,499,104.07
1.00
22,499,104.07


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
35,032,751.84
1.00
35,032,751.84


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
14,205,217.03
1.00
14,205,217.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
32,921,090.46
1.00
32,921,090.46


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
9.57
1.00
9.57


EEM
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF
1,504,798.00
43.65
65,684,432.70


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,019,352.00
43.65
88,144,714.80


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,261,376.00
43.65
98,709,062.40


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,278,126.00
43.65
99,440,199.90


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
3,013,562.00
43.65
131,541,981.30


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
4,152,566.00
43.65
181,259,505.90





EDZ 
    Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/26/2017    Shares Outstanding: 8,327,763.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
37,452,612.15
1.00
37,452,612.15


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
18,530,000.00
1.00
18,530,000.00


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
9,077,197.96
1.00
9,077,197.96


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
10,919,116.44
1.00
10,919,116.44


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
12,173,622.93
1.00
12,173,622.93


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
36,030,071.42
1.00
36,030,071.42


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-1,156,194.00
43.65
-50,467,868.10


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-1,315,228.00
43.65
-57,409,702.20


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-2,716,401.00
43.65
-118,570,903.65


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-886,278.00
43.65
-38,686,034.70


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-927,619.00
43.65
-40,490,569.35









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI Emerging Market IndexSM (NDUEEGF) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
5.17





Tencent Holdings Ltd
4.60





Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturers
3.78





Alibaba Group Holding Ltd
3.58





Naspers Ltd
1.94





China Construction Bank Corp
1.47





China Mobile Ltd
1.45





Hon Hai Precision Industry Co
1.32





Baidu Inc
1.10





Industrial & Commercial Bank of China
1.07








Index Country Weightings %



China
24.35





South Korea
15.60





Taiwan
11.97





India
9.09





Brazil
6.89





South Africa
6.81





Hong Kong
3.82





Mexico
3.81





Indonesia
2.63





Russia
2.57





Thailand
2.25





Malaysia
2.06





Poland
1.34





Turkey
1.23





Chile
1.23





Philippines
1.21





United Arab Emirates
0.77





Colombia
0.49





Peru
0.40





Qatar
0.38





Hungary
0.34





United States
0.34





Czech
0.19





Pakistan
0.12





Romania
0.07





Malta
0.04







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index country weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 25, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
EDC






Net asset value (NAV)


99.30
NAV $


-0.76
Change $


-0.76
Change %












market price closing


99.36
Market $


-0.78
Change $


-0.78
Change %











Premium / Discount


0.06
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
EDZ






Net asset value (NAV)


12.23
NAV $


0.09
Change $


0.74
Change %












market price closing


12.23
Market $


0.09
Change $


0.74
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



EDC
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
2.16
15.32
61.12
65.31
-11.66
-3.97
0.58
12/17/2008
1.19 /
								1.15


Market Close
3.14
16.02
61.75
65.83
-11.57
-3.87
0.63




NAV
2.16
15.32
61.12
65.31
-11.66
-3.97
0.58
12/17/2008
1.19 /
								1.15


Market Close
3.14
16.02
61.75
65.83
-11.57
-3.87
0.63


NDUEEGF (Benchmark Index)
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.95
9.17
-
-







EDZ
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-3.29
-16.74
-42.94
-53.24
-23.41
-27.75
-46.49
12/17/2008
1.16 /
								1.11


Market Close
-3.62
-17.12
-43.05
-53.33
-23.48
-27.83
-46.51




NAV
-3.29
-16.74
-42.94
-53.24
-23.41
-27.75
-46.49
12/17/2008
1.16 /
								1.11


Market Close
-3.62
-17.12
-43.05
-53.33
-23.48
-27.83
-46.51


NDUEEGF (Benchmark Index)
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.95
9.17
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


EDC
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



EDZ
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this


















	VanEck - Rest of World- VanEck





















×Close
Choose Your Country




Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.



United States


Australia


Austria


Chile


Denmark


Finland


Germany


Ireland


Italy


Luxembourg


Netherlands


Norway


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland


United Kingdom


Rest of World












×Close

Rest of World






                                Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public. 
                                Return to Choose Your Country
















Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.


United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Rest of World 









VanEck




Investment Strategies




Video: Commodities 2017



Roland Morris, Portfolio Manager: "Long term, we continue to be very constructive. We think 2016 marked the first year in what could be a multi-year cyclical positive move for the natural resources and commodities sectors."
Watch Now




Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Investment Strategies
                                                





Video: Commodities 2017

2147498447,_Commodities2017
 



Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Insights




The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds



Despite recent volatility, the emerging markets bonds asset class offers several potential opportunities.
Read Now




Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







Insights
                                                





The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds

2147498447,_EmergingMarketsBonds
 



Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







About Us




The White House is All Atwitter



Our 2017 tie captures President Trump’s affinity for tweeting in our ownwhimsical way.
Learn  More




About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







About Us
                                                





The White House is All Atwitter

2147498447,_WhiteHouseTwitter
 Follow Us



About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







Contact Us




Join the Conversation



...to  stay current on news and insights from our investment experts. 

 Follow Us




U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            







Contact Us
                                                





Join the Conversation

2147498447,_Linkedin
 /Follow Us



U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            








 Menu



















VanEck

VanEck’s mission is to offer investors forward-looking, intelligently designed investment strategies that take advantage of targeted market opportunities. Founded in 1955, the firm is a pioneer in global investing with a history of placing clients’ interests first in all market environments.


















           

VIDEO
2Q'17 Investment Outlook
 May 17, 2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                  
                Jan van Eck, CEO: "We believe that we are in the a rising rate environment….and are recommending that investors take action to protect their portfolios."

Watch Now 
  




































                Insights
            







 2Q’17 Investment Outlook: Allocate for Rising Rates (5:42) 
 Watch Now




13 June 2017Global Oil Supplies Tighter Despite “Glut” Read Now











Investment StrategiesEmerging Markets EquityEmerging Markets Fixed IncomeExchange Traded FundsGold and Precious MetalsLiquid AlternativesNatural Resources and Commodities









Follow Us LinkedIn Twitter

















Investment Strategies

Emerging Markets Equity
Emerging Markets Fixed Income
Exchange Traded Funds
Gold and Precious Metals
Liquid Alternatives
Natural Resources and Commodities



Insights

Research/Commentaries
Videos



About Us

About Us
Firm Management
Founder
Investment Philosophy
Investment Teams
Press Releases
Save Hamilton Ties
Ties and Totes






Contact Information
Corporate Headquarters
VanEck                           
        666 Third Avenue                           
        New York, NY 10017212.293.2000 | 
        800.826.2333Regional Contact Information









                                    Follow Us
 LinkedIn
 Twitter




Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy










Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy



This website is published in the United States for residents of specified countries. Investors are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this website. Nothing on this website should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction, nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial, or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation and jurisdiction.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. This and other information can be found in the appropriate regulatory documents made available for a specified country as designated in this website.


         ©  VanEck.
                            













×













	VanEck - Rest of World- VanEck





















×Close
Choose Your Country




Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.



United States


Australia


Austria


Chile


Denmark


Finland


Germany


Ireland


Italy


Luxembourg


Netherlands


Norway


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland


United Kingdom


Rest of World












×Close

Rest of World






                                Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public. 
                                Return to Choose Your Country
















Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.


United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Rest of World 









VanEck




Investment Strategies




Video: Commodities 2017



Roland Morris, Portfolio Manager: "Long term, we continue to be very constructive. We think 2016 marked the first year in what could be a multi-year cyclical positive move for the natural resources and commodities sectors."
Watch Now




Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Investment Strategies
                                                





Video: Commodities 2017

2147498447,_Commodities2017
 



Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Insights




The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds



Despite recent volatility, the emerging markets bonds asset class offers several potential opportunities.
Read Now




Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







Insights
                                                





The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds

2147498447,_EmergingMarketsBonds
 



Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







About Us




The White House is All Atwitter



Our 2017 tie captures President Trump’s affinity for tweeting in our ownwhimsical way.
Learn  More




About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







About Us
                                                





The White House is All Atwitter

2147498447,_WhiteHouseTwitter
 Follow Us



About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







Contact Us




Join the Conversation



...to  stay current on news and insights from our investment experts. 

 Follow Us




U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            







Contact Us
                                                





Join the Conversation

2147498447,_Linkedin
 /Follow Us



U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            








 Menu



















VanEck

VanEck’s mission is to offer investors forward-looking, intelligently designed investment strategies that take advantage of targeted market opportunities. Founded in 1955, the firm is a pioneer in global investing with a history of placing clients’ interests first in all market environments.


















           

VIDEO
2Q'17 Investment Outlook
 May 17, 2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                  
                Jan van Eck, CEO: "We believe that we are in the a rising rate environment….and are recommending that investors take action to protect their portfolios."

Watch Now 
  




































                Insights
            







 2Q’17 Investment Outlook: Allocate for Rising Rates (5:42) 
 Watch Now




13 June 2017Global Oil Supplies Tighter Despite “Glut” Read Now











Investment StrategiesEmerging Markets EquityEmerging Markets Fixed IncomeExchange Traded FundsGold and Precious MetalsLiquid AlternativesNatural Resources and Commodities









Follow Us LinkedIn Twitter

















Investment Strategies

Emerging Markets Equity
Emerging Markets Fixed Income
Exchange Traded Funds
Gold and Precious Metals
Liquid Alternatives
Natural Resources and Commodities



Insights

Research/Commentaries
Videos



About Us

About Us
Firm Management
Founder
Investment Philosophy
Investment Teams
Press Releases
Save Hamilton Ties
Ties and Totes






Contact Information
Corporate Headquarters
VanEck                           
        666 Third Avenue                           
        New York, NY 10017212.293.2000 | 
        800.826.2333Regional Contact Information









                                    Follow Us
 LinkedIn
 Twitter




Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy










Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy



This website is published in the United States for residents of specified countries. Investors are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this website. Nothing on this website should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction, nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial, or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation and jurisdiction.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. This and other information can be found in the appropriate regulatory documents made available for a specified country as designated in this website.


         ©  VanEck.
                            













×













	VanEck - A Global Investment Money Manager Based in New York City














Menu



Contact
































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        








































 PDF









Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious
























|











NDR Managed Allocation Fund

|











Barron's Best ETFs for Income

|
Learn More »










VanEck - A Global Investment Money Manager Based in New York City

|











Moat/Moti Special Page

|
Read more »











ETFs  




Mutual Funds  






                            Latest NAVs
                        
(as of 07/25/2017)




Ticker
NAV
Change


CMCAX
$4.61
$0.04


CMCYX
$4.70
$0.04


COMIX
$4.72
$0.04


EMBAX
$7.03
-$0.02


EMBCX
$6.74
-$0.02


EMBUX
$7.15
-$0.01


EMBYX
$7.12
-$0.01


EMRCX
$14.71
-$0.01


EMRIX
$17.29
$0.00


EMRYX
$16.63
-$0.01


GBFAX
$16.36
$0.00


GHAAX
$32.69
$0.87


GHACX
$28.25
$0.75


GHAIX
$34.23
$0.91


GHAYX
$33.27
$0.88


IIGCX
$8.30
$0.04


INIIX
$12.04
$0.06


INIVX
$9.44
$0.04


INIYX
$9.63
$0.05


LSNAX
$9.08
-$0.01


LSNIX
$9.19
-$0.01


LSNYX
$9.17
-$0.01


NDRMX
$28.33
-$0.04


NDRUX
$28.44
-$0.03


NDRYX
$28.42
-$0.03






                                More Prices & Returns
                            






                            Latest NAVs
                        
(as of 07/25/2017)




Ticker
NAV
Change


AFK
$22.99
$0.12


ANGL
$29.82
$0.06


BBH
$131.07
-$1.48


BIZD
$18.10
$0.05


BJK
$41.10
$0.23


BRF
$21.72
-$0.07


CBON
$22.66
-$0.01


CNXT
$30.64
-$0.15


CRAK
$24.39
$0.18


EGPT
$27.77
$0.01


EMAG
$21.96
-$0.03


EMLC
$19.06
-$0.05


EVX
$81.91
$1.04


FLTR
$25.19
$0.00


FRAK
$14.44
$0.42


GDX
$22.33
$0.30


GDXJ
$32.51
$0.03


GEX
$61.52
$0.14


GNRX
$23.16
-$0.11


GRNB
$26.51
-$0.06


HAP
$34.06
$0.35


HYD
$31.19
-$0.01


HYEM
$24.58
$0.01


IDX
$23.97
-$0.02


IGEM
$24.53
-$0.08


IHY
$25.38
$0.03


ISRA
$30.95
$0.10


ITM
$24.11
-$0.04


ITML
$24.45
-$0.05


ITMS
$24.67
-$0.03


KOL
$14.42
$0.24


KWT
$42.59
-$0.01


MLN
$20.08
-$0.04


MOAT
$40.20
$0.20


MOO
$56.74
$0.05


MORT
$24.18
-$0.15


MOTI
$34.48
$0.17


NLR
$51.01
-$0.16


OIH
$24.94
$0.29


OUNZ
$12.38
-$0.01


PEK
$43.69
-$0.33


PFXF
$20.19
$0.00


PLND
$19.22
$0.04


PPH
$58.72
-$0.13


PRB
$24.68
$0.00


REMX
$20.22
$0.04


RSX
$19.81
-$0.07


RSXJ
$40.00
-$0.09


RTH
$81.49
$1.07


SCIF
$59.70
-$0.07


SHYD
$24.46
$0.00


SLX
$41.84
$1.18


SMB
$17.60
$0.00


SMH
$86.95
-$0.11


SPUN
$23.23
$0.16


THHY
$23.96
$0.08


VNM
$14.67
$0.05


XMPT
$27.13
-$0.08


YMLI
$14.98
$0.10


YMLP
$24.50
$0.17






                                More Prices & Returns
                            









                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now





        Financial Professionals





                    Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                

                    LOGIN
                


                        email address/username
                    


                         
                    



                        password
                    


                         
                    




New? Register Here


Forgot Password
































|











NDR Managed Allocation Fund

|











Barron's Best ETFs for Income

|
Learn More »










VanEck - A Global Investment Money Manager Based in New York City

|











Moat/Moti Special Page

|
Read more »










VanEck’s mission is to offer investors forward-looking, intelligently designed investment strategies that take advantage of targeted market opportunities. Founded in 1955, the firm is a pioneer in global investing with a history of placing clients’ interests first in all market environments.




Blog



Big Story Behind Neutral 
Early Cycle Pause Motivated by Skepticism, Not Data 
June Gains Extend Moats’ YTD Strength 

View All 




Videos



Macro and Fundamental Backdrop Signal Strength in Emerging Markets Equity 
Tackle Climate Risk with Green Bonds 
Oil Supplies Will Tighten 

View All 





Commentaries




Big Story Behind Neutral 

Growth Expectations Driving Emerging Markets 

Solid Support for Gold in Second Half 







In The News             



Fund manager Q&A: Emerging markets funds 

VanEck NDR Managed Allocation Fund Celebrates One Year Anniversary         

VanEck Launches The First U.S-Listed Green Bond ETF (GRNB)          

View All  





Calls/Webcasts



Upcoming
Replays

For Financial Professionals only






Tax Information             



VanEck Vectors 2016 Supplemental Tax information 

VanEck Funds 2016 Supplemental Tax Information 

VanEck Vectors ETFs 2016 Yearend Distributions (Fixed Income & Equity) 


View All 











Contact UsPrivacyLegalFeedbackSitemap

Important Disclosure
Daily prices shown reflect the prior business day's closing net asset value (NAV) price. Changes shown from day to day are extremely short term. Historical performance is no guarantee of future results. Share price, yield and return on an actual investment will fluctuate, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your share.
ETF Fund shares are not individually redeemable and will be issued and redeemed at the NAV only through certain authorized broker-dealers in large, specified blocks of shares called "creation units" and otherwise can be bought and sold only through exchange trading. Creation units are issued and redeemed principally in kind. Shares may trade at a premium or discount to their NAV in the secondary market.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this and other information. Please read the prospectus and summary prospectus carefully before investing. 
This content is published in the United States for residents of specified countries. Investors are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this content. Nothing in this content should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction, nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial, or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation and jurisdiction.




Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.











×













	About Us- VanEck





















×Close
Choose Your Country




Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.



United States


Australia


Austria


Chile


Denmark


Finland


Germany


Ireland


Italy


Luxembourg


Netherlands


Norway


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland


United Kingdom


Rest of World












×Close







                                Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public. 
                                Return to Choose Your Country
















Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.


United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World







VanEck Vectors ETFs 




United States 









VanEck




Investment Strategies




Video: Commodities 2017



Roland Morris, Portfolio Manager: "Long term, we continue to be very constructive. We think 2016 marked the first year in what could be a multi-year cyclical positive move for the natural resources and commodities sectors."
Watch Now




Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Investment Strategies
                                                





Video: Commodities 2017

2147498447,_Commodities2017
 



Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Insights




The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds



Despite recent volatility, the emerging markets bonds asset class offers several potential opportunities.
Read Now




Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







Insights
                                                





The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds

2147498447,_EmergingMarketsBonds
 



Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







About Us




The White House is All Atwitter



Our 2017 tie captures President Trump’s affinity for tweeting in our ownwhimsical way.
Learn  More




About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







About Us
                                                





The White House is All Atwitter

2147498447,_WhiteHouseTwitter
 Follow Us



About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







Contact Us




Join the Conversation



...to  stay current on news and insights from our investment experts. 

 Follow Us




U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            







Contact Us
                                                





Join the Conversation

2147498447,_Linkedin
 /Follow Us



U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            








 Menu








About Us












Home


                                About Us
                            


 Share
 Print


 Twitter

 LinkedIn

 Email

















VanEck
We are recognized for being a pioneer in global markets and for drawing on our experience to offer innovative solutions. We offer these solutions to individual investors and institutions, including endowments, foundations, pension plans, and private banks.


Mission
VanEck's mission is to offer investors intelligently designed investment strategies that take advantage of targeted market opportunities.  We seek to provide long-term, superior performance in all our offerings, giving investors a choice between active and index strategies.


We bring our best to our clients through:
Independence – a history of putting our clients’ interests first in all market environments
Insight – early identification of investment opportunities
Accessibility – clients access portfolio management teams and the firm’s significant resources
Execution – market-tested portfolio management teams and processes

History
Founded in 1955 by John C. van Eck, Van Eck Associates Corporation was among the first U.S. investment managers to help investors achieve greater diversification through global investing. Van Eck International Investors Gold Fund was launched in 1968 and was the first U.S. gold fund. Today the firm continues its tradition of responding to the needs of investors by offering innovative investment strategies in emerging markets equity and fixed income, natural resources and commodities, gold and precious metals, liquid alternatives, and other specialized, global asset classes.
VanEck Vectors Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) have been offered by VanEck since 2006 when the firm launched the nation’s first gold-mining ETF, VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF (GDX). Today we offer more than 50 ETFs that span several asset classes, including equity, fixed income, and currency markets. Many of our ETFs are based on pure-play indices whose constituents must derive a majority of revenues from the target region or sector. VanEck is one of the largest ETP providers in the U.S. and worldwide.
 


 























Access our SitesIndividual InvestorsFinancial AdvisorsInstitutional InvestorsWorldwide InvestorsAccess our SitesIndividual InvestorsFinancial AdvisorsInstitutional InvestorsWorldwide Investors

















Investment Strategies

Emerging Markets Equity
Emerging Markets Fixed Income
Exchange Traded Funds
Gold and Precious Metals
Liquid Alternatives
Natural Resources and Commodities



Insights

Research/Commentaries
Videos



About Us

About Us
Firm Management
Founder
Investment Philosophy
Investment Teams
Press Releases
Save Hamilton Ties
Ties and Totes






Contact Information
Corporate Headquarters
VanEck                           
        666 Third Avenue                           
        New York, NY 10017212.293.2000 | 
        800.826.2333Regional Contact Information









                                    Follow Us
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 YouTube




Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy










Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy



This website is published in the United States for residents of specified countries. Investors are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this website. Nothing on this website should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction, nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial, or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation and jurisdiction.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. This and other information can be found in the appropriate regulatory documents made available for a specified country as designated in this website.


Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.
                            













×













	VanEck - Rest of World- VanEck





















×Close
Choose Your Country




Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.



United States


Australia


Austria


Chile


Denmark


Finland


Germany


Ireland


Italy


Luxembourg


Netherlands


Norway


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland


United Kingdom


Rest of World












×Close

Rest of World






                                Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public. 
                                Return to Choose Your Country
















Please note that not all country microsites show fund documents. Fund specific information is shown only on country microsites where the funds are authorized for distribution to the public.


United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Rest of World 









VanEck




Investment Strategies




Video: Commodities 2017



Roland Morris, Portfolio Manager: "Long term, we continue to be very constructive. We think 2016 marked the first year in what could be a multi-year cyclical positive move for the natural resources and commodities sectors."
Watch Now




Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Investment Strategies
                                                





Video: Commodities 2017

2147498447,_Commodities2017
 



Emerging Markets Equity
                                                                            


Emerging Markets Fixed Income
                                                                            


Exchange Traded Funds
                                                                            


Gold and Precious Metals
                                                                            


Liquid Alternatives
                                                                            


Natural Resources and Commodities
                                                                            







Insights




The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds



Despite recent volatility, the emerging markets bonds asset class offers several potential opportunities.
Read Now




Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







Insights
                                                





The New Year May Bring Opportunities in Emerging Markets Bonds

2147498447,_EmergingMarketsBonds
 



Research/Commentaries
                                                                            


Videos
                                                                            







About Us




The White House is All Atwitter



Our 2017 tie captures President Trump’s affinity for tweeting in our ownwhimsical way.
Learn  More




About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







About Us
                                                





The White House is All Atwitter

2147498447,_WhiteHouseTwitter
 Follow Us



About Us
                                                                            


Firm Management
                                                                            


Founder
                                                                            


Investment Philosophy
                                                                            


Investment Teams
                                                                            


Press Releases
                                                                            


Save Hamilton Ties
                                                                            


Ties and Totes
                                                                            







Contact Us




Join the Conversation



...to  stay current on news and insights from our investment experts. 

 Follow Us




U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            







Contact Us
                                                





Join the Conversation

2147498447,_Linkedin
 /Follow Us



U.S. Client Services
                                                                            


U.S. Investor Services
                                                                            


Africa
                                                                            


Asia
                                                                            


Australia
                                                                            


Europe
                                                                            


Latin America
                                                                            


Middle East
                                                                            








 Menu



















VanEck

VanEck’s mission is to offer investors forward-looking, intelligently designed investment strategies that take advantage of targeted market opportunities. Founded in 1955, the firm is a pioneer in global investing with a history of placing clients’ interests first in all market environments.


















           

VIDEO
2Q'17 Investment Outlook
 May 17, 2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                  
                Jan van Eck, CEO: "We believe that we are in the a rising rate environment….and are recommending that investors take action to protect their portfolios."

Watch Now 
  




































                Insights
            







 2Q’17 Investment Outlook: Allocate for Rising Rates (5:42) 
 Watch Now




13 June 2017Global Oil Supplies Tighter Despite “Glut” Read Now











Investment StrategiesEmerging Markets EquityEmerging Markets Fixed IncomeExchange Traded FundsGold and Precious MetalsLiquid AlternativesNatural Resources and Commodities









Follow Us LinkedIn Twitter

















Investment Strategies

Emerging Markets Equity
Emerging Markets Fixed Income
Exchange Traded Funds
Gold and Precious Metals
Liquid Alternatives
Natural Resources and Commodities



Insights

Research/Commentaries
Videos



About Us

About Us
Firm Management
Founder
Investment Philosophy
Investment Teams
Press Releases
Save Hamilton Ties
Ties and Totes






Contact Information
Corporate Headquarters
VanEck                           
        666 Third Avenue                           
        New York, NY 10017212.293.2000 | 
        800.826.2333Regional Contact Information









                                    Follow Us
 LinkedIn
 Twitter




Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy










Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy



This website is published in the United States for residents of specified countries. Investors are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this website. Nothing on this website should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction, nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial, or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation and jurisdiction.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. This and other information can be found in the appropriate regulatory documents made available for a specified country as designated in this website.


         ©  VanEck.
                            













×












  ARIGEMC Quote - Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Ltd - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Ltd   ARIGEMC:VI          10.99USD   0.02   0.18%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   8.92 - 11.02    1 Yr Return   6.49%    YTD Return   21.04%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   11.01    52Wk Range   8.92 - 11.02    1 Yr Return   6.49%    YTD Return   21.04%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Emerging Market Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   International    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   10.99    Total Assets (b USD) (on 06/30/2017)   1.043    Inception Date   09/16/2013    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   0.50%    Back Load Fee   0.50%    Redemption Fee   0.50%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.25%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Ltd is an open-ended fund incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.  The fund's objective is to achieve long-term capital growth.  The fund invests on a global basis, exclusively in the shares of consumer companies that have a significant presence in emerging markets.    Address  Arisaig Partners (Asia) Pte Ltd69 Circular Road #02-01Singapore 049423Singapore   Phone  65-6532-3378   Website   www.arisaig-partners.com              

	Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Lim...|VGG0477A1049























By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device. Find out more about our cookie policy and the types of cookies we use by clicking here





You currently DO NOT have javascript enabled, to view our site this must be enabled, read more



















	
			Welcome to Morningstar
		


Type Ticker, Company or Fund Name


 










Sign Up


Login

Company Site














HomePortfolioInvesting for RetirementEquitiesOEIC / Unit TrustsInvestment TrustsETFsMarketsToolsAdvisers 



Funds Basics

Fund Performance

Fund Compare

Fund Research and Commentary

Video

Investing Mastermind







 


Welcome to Morningstar.co.uk!
You have been redirected here from Hemscott.com as we are merging our websites to provide you with a one-stop shop for all your investment research needs.  Get Started: To search for a security, type the name or ticker in the search box at the top of the page and select from the dropdown results. Registered Hemscott users can log in to Morningstar using the same login details. Similarly, if you are a Hemscott Premium user, you now have a Morningstar Premium account which you can access using the same login details.
  ARIUCIT Quote - Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer UCITS Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer UCITS Fund   ARIUCIT:ID          12.19EUR   0.01   0.08%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   10.97 - 12.76    1 Yr Return   0.41%    YTD Return   10.12%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   12.20    52Wk Range   10.97 - 12.76    1 Yr Return   0.41%    YTD Return   10.12%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Emerging Market Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   International    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   12.19    Total Assets (m EUR) (on 07/24/2017)   99.307    Inception Date   11/04/2013    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   0.50%    Back Load Fee   0.50%    Redemption Fee   0.50%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.25%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer UCITS Fund is an open-end investment fund incorporated in Ireland. The Fund's objective is to achieve long-term capital growth.  The fund invests on a global basis, exclusively in the shares of consumer companies that have a significant presence in emerging  markets.    Address  Arisaig Partners (Asia) Pte Ltd69 Circular Road #02-01Singapore 049423   Phone  -   Website   -              

	Fund Manager| |Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Limited USD Acc|ISIN:VGG0477A1049























By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device. Find out more about our cookie policy and the types of cookies we use by clicking here





You currently DO NOT have javascript enabled, to view our site this must be enabled, read more



















	
			Welcome to Morningstar
		


Type Ticker, Company or Fund Name


 










Sign Up


Login

Company Site














HomePortfolioInvesting for RetirementEquitiesOEIC / Unit TrustsInvestment TrustsETFsMarketsToolsAdvisers 



Funds Basics

Fund Performance

Fund Compare

Fund Research and Commentary

Video

Investing Mastermind







 


Welcome to Morningstar.co.uk!
You have been redirected here from Hemscott.com as we are merging our websites to provide you with a one-stop shop for all your investment research needs.  Get Started: To search for a security, type the name or ticker in the search box at the top of the page and select from the dropdown results. Registered Hemscott users can log in to Morningstar using the same login details. Similarly, if you are a Hemscott Premium user, you now have a Morningstar Premium account which you can access using the same login details.

Arisaig Asia Consumer Fund Ltd















































  






Fund Manager? List your fund
Contact Us


 Login

 



Email Address



Password




Keep me logged in

Sign in




Register


Forgot your password?



















 
 













Unlock and view hidden details by registering for a free trial here!









                        Arisaig Asia Consumer Fund Ltd
                    



 ***** ******** **** 
Fund Size(USD):
**.*
Jun 2017 Return:
**.**
2017 Return:
**.**






Fund Index Returns
Statistics
Performance Table
Fund Information
Profile & Strategy



Fund Index Returns



Statistics (as at  *** **** )





Return Statistics
 




Annualised Return (%)
**.**


2017 Return (%)
**.**


2016 Return (%)
**.**


Last 3 Months (%)
**.**


One Year Rolling Return (%)
**.**


Two Year Rolling Return (%)
**.**


Five Year Rolling Return (%)
**.**


Return since Inception (%)
**.**


Best Monthly Return (%)
**.**


Worst Monthly Return (%)
**.**








Risk Statistics
 




Annualised Standard Deviation
**.**


Downside Deviation (%)
**.**


Upside Deviation (%)
**.**


Maximum Drawdown (%)
**.**


Sharpe Ratio
**.**


Sortino Ratio
**.**


Percentage of Positive Months (%)
**.**


VaR (90%)
**.**


VaR (95%)
**.**


VaR (99%)
**.**





  More Statistics
  Hide More Statistics

Value Added Monthly Index (VAMI)





Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec




2017

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**


2016

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**


2015

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2014

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2013

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        


2012

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2011

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2010

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2009

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2008

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2007

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2006

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            **.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        

                                            ***.**
                                        


2005
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**
***.**





Rolling Period Statistics





Default Rolling Period




Return Statistics
3 months
6 months
12 months
24 months
36 months
60 months


Total Return (%)
**.**
*.**
**.**
 *.**
**.**
**.**


Annualised Return (%)
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
*.**


Gain Return (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**


Gain Mean (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**


Best Monthly Return (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
**.**


Worst Monthly Return (%)
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-**.**


% Positive Months
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**


Risk Statistics


Loss Mean (%)
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**


Annualised Gain Deviation (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**


Annualised Loss Deviation (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
**.**


Upside Deviation (%)
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**


Downside Deviation (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
**.**


Maximum Drawdown (%)
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-**.**
-**.**
-**.**


Drawdown Statistics


Amount of Drawdown (%)
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-**.**
-**.**
-**.**


Length of Drawdown (Months)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**


Length of Recovery (Months)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**


Date of Drawdown
*** ****
*** ****
*** ****
*** ****
*** ****
*** ****


Descriptive Statistics


 Mean (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**


Median (%)
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**
*.**


Variance
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**
**.**


Skewness
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**
-*.**


Kurtosis
-*.**
-*.**
*.**
-*.**
*.**
-*.**









Historical Monthly Performance





Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
YTD




2017

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**



2016

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.**


2015

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2014

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2013

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2012

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2011

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2010

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2009

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2008

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2007

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2006

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 


2005

**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**


**.**

 **.** 




 *The fund performance and information recorded on this page is for illustration purposes only and will differ from the actual fund profile.


Fund Information





Fund Strategy




Main Investment Strategy
**** *********


Secondary Investment Strategy
******* ************


Geographical Mandate
***********


Leverage
***


Minimum Net Exposure (%)
**


Maximum Net Exposure (%)
**


Maximum Gross Exposure (%)
***


Annualized Target Return
**


Annualized Target Volatility
**








Fund Profile
 




Fund Size (US$m)
**.**


Fund Capacity (US$m)
**.**


Firm AUM in Hedge Funds (US$m)
**.**


Firm's Total Asset (US$m)
**.**


Inception Date

*** ******



Domicile
*********


Currency
***


Invest in Private Placements
**


Women-Owned/Minority-Owned
***










Instruments Traded
 




Equities (%)
**


Derivative (%)
*****


Cash (%)
***








Industry Focus
 




***** ********






Country Focus
 






                                                ***** ******** ***** ** ******* **** ****** ***** ******** ***** ** ******* **** ****** *************** *****
                                                ********** ** **** ********* ****** ** *********
                                            











Manager Details




Advisory Company
******* ****** *****


Address

******* ******* * *** *****



Country
**********


Website
**********


Email Address
***************


Telephone Number
**********


Year of Incorporation
****


SEC Registered Firm
******* *****


Other Country Location
********


Management Company
******* ********** **********








Contact Details








 IC




Name
******* ******


Email
***************************


Telephone
* *** *** **** *** ***







 FM




Name
******* * ********







 COO




Name
******* * *******







 CEO




Name
******* * ********







 Others




Name
****** * *******


Designation
********






Name
***** ********


Designation
********






Name
***** * ********


Designation
********






Name
***** * ********


Designation
********






Name
***** * ******


Designation
********






Name
******* * *******


Designation
**** ** *******















Investor Information




Open for investment?

**



Minimum Investment Size
**.**


Subsequent Investment Size
**.**


Dividend Policy
*******


Listed on Exchange
***


Equalisation / Share class
**********


Managed Accounts Offered
***


UCITS
**


40 Act Funds
**


HMRC Reporting Status
***


Agree to a â€œLook Throughâ€ 
***






Fee and Redemption Structure




Management Fee (%)
**.**


Performance Fee (%)
**.**


Other Fee(s) (%)
**.**


Hurdle Rate
***


High Water Mark
***


Redemption Frequency
**** *****


Redemption Notification Period
* *******


Subscription Frequency
********










Service Providers
 




Administrator
******* ******


Auditor
***********


Legal Advisor (onshore)
******* *********


Legal Advisor (offshore)
**** *******


Custodian
*****


Risk Platform
*** **** ********








Unique Identifiers
 




Eurekahedge ID
*********


ISIN
******


Valoren
*******


CUSIP
*****


Bloomberg
******










Manager Profile






                                                ******* ****** **** *** ****** ******* *** ********** ****** ******* ************* ************* ************* ******
                                                **** *** **** **** ***** ************* ********* **** ******* ****** ****** ******* ********* **** ****** **************
                                                ******* ****** **** *** ****** ******* *** ***** ************* ************* ******
                                                **** *** ****** ********* **** ****** **************
                                                ** ****** **** *** ****** ******* *** ********** ****** ******* ****
                                            









Strategy






                                                ******* ****** **** *** ************* *** ********** ****** ******* ***** *** ***** ******** ** *** *********** ** ******
                                                *********** ********* *** **** ****** ********* **** ************* ****** ******* ***** **** **** ****** **************
                                                ** ******** ****** ** ************ * ****** ********* **** ************* ****** ******* ***** **** **** ***
                                                * ****** ********* **** ************* ****** ******* ***** **** **** ***
                                            










Other Funds Managed by *** ***** ******* ***





*** ***** ******* ****** ***** ******** **** ** ***




*** ***** ******* ****** ***** ******** **** ***





  View 13F Data
  Hide 13F Data



13F data analysis of *** ***** ******* *** *******





Recent 13F Activity as at *** ****
 




Market Value (US$m)
******


Prior Market Value (US$m)
******


New 13F Holdings
**


Closed 13F Holdings
*


Increased 13F Holdings
**


Reduced 13F Holdings
**


Top 10 Holdings (%)
*****






13F Quarterly Market Value (US$m)
 




** *** ****
******


** *** ****
******


** *** ****
******


** *** ****
******


** *** ****
******












13F Holdings Summary
 




Top 13F Holdings as at *** ****


******** **** ******* ****
*****


****** ****
*****


****** ******* ***
*****


*** ******** **** ***** ***
*****


********** ******** *****
*****


Top New 13F Holdings as at *** ****


****** ******** ***** ***
*****


******** ********** ***
*****


****** ********** ****
*****


****** **** ***
*****


****** *** ***
*****


Top Closed 13F Holdings as at *** ****


********* ************ ***
*****


****** ***** **
*****


**** ******** ***
*****


************************ ***
*****


******* *** *** **
*****


Top Increased 13F Holdings as at *** ****


******** **** ******* ****
*****


****** ******* ***
*****


*** ******** **** ***** ***
*****


********** ******** *****
*****


*********** ***
*****


Top Reduced 13F Holdings as at *** ****


****** ****
*****


***** ***
*****


*** ********* ***
*****


****** ****** ***** ***
*****


******** ***
*****










13F Holdings as at ** *** ****




Name of Security
Title of Class
Market Value (US$m)
Number of Shares


****** ********** ******* **
***
******
******


****** ****** ***
***
******
******


******** *** **
***
*****
*****


********** ******** *****
***
******
******


*** ******* ****
*** *** ****
*****
*****


***** ***
***
******
*******


******** **** ******* ****
***
********
******


******* *************** ***
***
******
******


********* ***
***
******
******


***************** ****
***
******
******


******* ******** ***** ****
** *
*****
*****


***** ********** ***
***
******
******


************ ***
***
******
******


***** ************ ***
***
******
******


*** ********* ***
***
******
******


****** ***
***
*****
*****


************ ***
***
******
******


******** ************** ***
***
******
******


****** ******** *** *** ** *
***
*****
******


********* ****
***
*****
*****


*********** ***
***
*****
*****


********* ****
***
*****
******


**** ***** ***
** *
******
*******


******* ************ *** ***
***
*****
******


*******
***
******
******


****** ****
***
******
******


******** ****** ***
*** ***
******
******


****** ****
***
******
******


****** *** ***
***
******
******


*********** ********* ***
***
******
******


*********** ******** ***
***
******
******


****** *************** ***
***
******
******


*********** ************ ***
***
*****
*****


****** ********** ***
***
******
******


****** **** ***
***
******
******


****** ****** ***** ***
***
******
*******


*** *********** *** ***
*** ***
*****
*****


***** ********* ***
***
******
******


******** **** ****
***
******
*******


********* ******* ***
***
******
*******


******* ****** **** *** **
***
******
******


******* ***
***
******
******


********* ******** ***
***
******
*******


******** ****** ****
*** ***
******
*******


**** ******** ******** ***
***
*****
******


****** ******** ***
***
******
*******


********** ***
***
*****
******


***** **** ***
***
*****
*****


********* ***** ***
***
******
******


*** ***
** *
******
*******











Get a free trial to access Eurekahedge's databases, select monthly reports and more.
Get a Free Trial

















 










Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Limited USD Acc, VGG0477A1049:USD summary - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataFunds







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Funds


Arisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Limited USD AccVGG0477A1049:USDArisaig Global Emerging Markets Consumer Fund Limited USD AccActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioPrice (USD)10.99Today's Change-0.02 / -0.18%1 Year change--Data delayed at least 60 minutes, as of Jul 24 2017.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinue







Total returns on $1,000 USD5Y3M6M1Y3Y5YArisaig Glb Em Mkts Consumer Fd LtdFundSector Equity Consumer Goods & ServicesMorningstar categoryProfile and investmentFund typeOpen Ended Investment CompanyInvestment style (stocks)Market Cap: LargeInvestment Style:  GrowthIncome treatmentAccumulationMorningstar categorySector Equity Consumer Goods & ServicesIMA sector--Launch date16 Sep 2013Price currencyUSDDomicileBritish Virgin IslandsISINVGG0477A1049Pricing frequencyDailyFund size--Share class size--Net expense ratio--Initial charge--Max annual charge1.25%Exit charge--Min. initial investment--Min. additional investment--Min. regular investment--UK ISAYesAvailable for saleBritish Virgin Islands, United KingdomMore ▼Top 5 holdingsTop 5 holdings as a per cent of portfolio--24.41%0.00%24.41%Category average% Net assets% Short% LongCompany1 year changePortfolio weightLong allocationGodrej Consumer Products Ltd--6.01%Britannia Industries Ltd--5.10%Marico Ltd--4.54%Foshan Haitian Flavouring and Food Co Ltd Class A--4.43%MercadoLibre Inc--4.34%Per cent of portfolio in top 5 holdings: 24.41%DiversificationAsset typeAsset typeSectorRegionAsset typeNon-UK stock89.00%UK stock11.00%UK bond0.00%Non-UK bond0.00%Cash0.00%Other0.00%Top 5 sectorsConsumer Defensive87.98%Consumer Cyclical12.02%Top 5 regionsEmerging Market64.77%Asia - Emerging43.98%Developed Country35.23%United Kingdom11.00%Eurozone10.55%Other34.48%Sector and region weightings are calculated using only long position holdings of the portfolio. 
ObjectiveThe Fund’s objective is to achieve long-term capital growth through investing on a worldwide basis predominantly in equity and equity-related securities (including warrants and convertible securities) issued by consumer companies which are listed on a stock exchange.More ▼FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



The performance data shown in tables and graphs on this page is calculated in GBX of the fund/index/average (as applicable), on a Bid To Bid / Nav to Nav basis, with gross dividends re-invested on ex-dividend date. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance; unit prices may fall as well as rise.The videos and white papers displayed on this page have not been devised by The Financial Times Limited ("FT"). FT has not selected, modified or otherwise exercised control over the content of the videos or white papers prior to their transmission, or their receipt by you. The videos, white papers and other documents displayed on this page are paid promotional materials provided by the fund company. Any prospectus you view on this page has not been approved by FT and FT is not responsible for the content of the prospectus.The information made available to you does not constitute the giving of investment advice or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security of any enterprise in any jurisdiction. The securities listed above are not registered and will not be registered for sale in the United Sates and cannot be purchased by U.S. investors as the securities can only be purchased in jurisdictions where they have been registered for sale or where an exemption from registration applies. The offer, sale or delivery of the securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons is not permitted except pursuant to an exemption from registration under U.S. securities laws, which may not be available; and the availability of the information through the website does not alter or change the persons eligible to purchase the security.All managed funds data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.All data shown on this page, unless noted otherwise is Data Source and Copyright: Morningstar, Inc. 2017 All Rights reservedwww.morningstar.com© 2017 Morningstar.  All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.Pricing for ETFs is the latest price and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions. 






					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Global Consumer Fund (PGLOX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Global Consumer Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PGLOX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								14.07%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.92
							
							-
							
								$11.72
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$12.79

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Global Consumer Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Consumer Defensive
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term growth of capital.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					9.48%
				
			

				
					9.48%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 14.17%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							14.17%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							June 27, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						4.14%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						1.05%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 


























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:13:36 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/25/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.02


$7.84




            POP


$7.84




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.95%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index


MSCI EAFE Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





MSCI Emerging Markets Bull Bear 3X ETFs | EDC EDZ | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
EDC


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
EDC.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
NDUEEGF


CUSIP
25490K281


ISIN
US25490K2814


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.19 / 1.15*


INCEPTION DATE
Dec 17, 2008




FUND SYMBOL
EDZ


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
EDZ.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
NDUEEGF


CUSIP
25459Y470


ISIN
US25459Y4706


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.16 / 1.11*


INCEPTION DATE
Dec 17, 2008







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%,  or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the price performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets IndexSM.  There is no guarantee these funds will meet their stated investment objectives.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 EDC EDZ Fact Sheet ETF Guide EDC Prospectus EDZ Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download EDC Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download EDZ Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

EDC 
    Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/26/2017    Shares Outstanding: 2,231,598.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
52,157,159.40
1.00
52,157,159.40


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
22,499,104.07
1.00
22,499,104.07


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
35,032,751.84
1.00
35,032,751.84


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
14,205,217.03
1.00
14,205,217.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
32,921,090.46
1.00
32,921,090.46


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
9.57
1.00
9.57


EEM
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF
1,504,798.00
43.65
65,684,432.70


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,019,352.00
43.65
88,144,714.80


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,261,376.00
43.65
98,709,062.40


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,278,126.00
43.65
99,440,199.90


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
3,013,562.00
43.65
131,541,981.30


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
4,152,566.00
43.65
181,259,505.90





EDZ 
    Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/26/2017    Shares Outstanding: 8,327,763.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
37,452,612.15
1.00
37,452,612.15


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
18,530,000.00
1.00
18,530,000.00


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
9,077,197.96
1.00
9,077,197.96


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
10,919,116.44
1.00
10,919,116.44


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
12,173,622.93
1.00
12,173,622.93


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
36,030,071.42
1.00
36,030,071.42


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-1,156,194.00
43.65
-50,467,868.10


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-1,315,228.00
43.65
-57,409,702.20


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-2,716,401.00
43.65
-118,570,903.65


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-886,278.00
43.65
-38,686,034.70


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-927,619.00
43.65
-40,490,569.35









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI Emerging Market IndexSM (NDUEEGF) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
5.17





Tencent Holdings Ltd
4.60





Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturers
3.78





Alibaba Group Holding Ltd
3.58





Naspers Ltd
1.94





China Construction Bank Corp
1.47





China Mobile Ltd
1.45





Hon Hai Precision Industry Co
1.32





Baidu Inc
1.10





Industrial & Commercial Bank of China
1.07








Index Country Weightings %



China
24.35





South Korea
15.60





Taiwan
11.97





India
9.09





Brazil
6.89





South Africa
6.81





Hong Kong
3.82





Mexico
3.81





Indonesia
2.63





Russia
2.57





Thailand
2.25





Malaysia
2.06





Poland
1.34





Turkey
1.23





Chile
1.23





Philippines
1.21





United Arab Emirates
0.77





Colombia
0.49





Peru
0.40





Qatar
0.38





Hungary
0.34





United States
0.34





Czech
0.19





Pakistan
0.12





Romania
0.07





Malta
0.04







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index country weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 25, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
EDC






Net asset value (NAV)


99.30
NAV $


-0.76
Change $


-0.76
Change %












market price closing


99.36
Market $


-0.78
Change $


-0.78
Change %











Premium / Discount


0.06
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
EDZ






Net asset value (NAV)


12.23
NAV $


0.09
Change $


0.74
Change %












market price closing


12.23
Market $


0.09
Change $


0.74
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



EDC
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
2.16
15.32
61.12
65.31
-11.66
-3.97
0.58
12/17/2008
1.19 /
								1.15


Market Close
3.14
16.02
61.75
65.83
-11.57
-3.87
0.63




NAV
2.16
15.32
61.12
65.31
-11.66
-3.97
0.58
12/17/2008
1.19 /
								1.15


Market Close
3.14
16.02
61.75
65.83
-11.57
-3.87
0.63


NDUEEGF (Benchmark Index)
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.95
9.17
-
-







EDZ
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-3.29
-16.74
-42.94
-53.24
-23.41
-27.75
-46.49
12/17/2008
1.16 /
								1.11


Market Close
-3.62
-17.12
-43.05
-53.33
-23.48
-27.83
-46.51




NAV
-3.29
-16.74
-42.94
-53.24
-23.41
-27.75
-46.49
12/17/2008
1.16 /
								1.11


Market Close
-3.62
-17.12
-43.05
-53.33
-23.48
-27.83
-46.51


NDUEEGF (Benchmark Index)
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.95
9.17
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


EDC
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



EDZ
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Reference.com - What's Your Question

















www.reference.com































articles



                        What is an emerging market?

Emerging markets are fast-growing economies that have instituted economic developments and reform programs and have begun to "emerge" into the global scene, according to Investopedia. The term fits markets of various siz...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Investing






                        What is an emerging markets overview?

An emerging market overview is a general description of countries that are undergoing rapid economic expansion and industrialization as they shift from being centrally planned and isolated economies to free and open mark...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› World View
› Social Sciences
› Economics






                        What are Market Vectors ETFs?

Market Vectors ETFs are exchange-traded funds offered by the investment management firm Van Eck Global and marketed under the trademarked name Market Vectors, according to Van Eck Global. They created Market Vectors ETFs...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Investing





Related Search


Top Emerging Market Funds


Definition of Emerging Market Economy


Emerging Market Economies


Closed Market


JP Morgan Retirement Plan Services




List of Emerging Markets


Emerging Markets Overview


Emerging Market Countries


Supply and Demand


Definition of the Word Closed Market





similar articles


How can you view stock market historical performance?

The markets sections of the CNN Money and MarketWatch websites provide interactive charts and news headlines to analyze past market data. Some of the major stock indexes include the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the NYSE...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Investing





What are some advantages and disadvantages of the BCG matrix?

The BCG (or growth-share) matrix for corporate planning helps businesses to easily map their own market share against the rate of market growth; however, one of its key shortcomings lies in its limited scope, which does ...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Investing





What are some advantages of investing in the Russian stock market?

One advantage of investing in the Russia Stock market is the potential for market growth due to the country's economic growth and large population, notes Investopedia. Another advantage is that individuals can choose fro...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Investing





What is the wheat grain futures market?

The wheat grain futures market is a centralized marketplace, such as the Chicago Board of Trade, where buyers and sellers enter into futures contracts for the exchange of specified quantities of a specific quality of whe...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Investing














Related Search


Top Emerging Market Funds


List of Emerging Markets


Definition of Emerging Market Economy


Emerging Markets Overview


Emerging Market Economies


Emerging Market Countries


Closed Market


Supply and Demand





Today's Top 10 Articles in business-finance







What is the formula for interest compounded annually?









How do savings bonds work?









What is the Wall Street bull statue?









Why is investing important?









What is a revenue model?
















Privacy


Terms


Contact


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC



















EMSD - WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund
































































                                    Emerging markets continue to offer diversification and growth potential, 
                                    but the U.S. dollar’s recent strengthening trend has strongly affected returns.
                                    

                                    The WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund (EMSD) enables investors to capitalize 
                                    on the emerging market companies and sectors expected to perform better in strong U.S. 
                                    dollar environments, while maintaining diversification.
                                    


















































                                                                            Highlighted fields are required to register.


Account Type:






                                                                        Individual Investor
                                                                        
                                                                        Financial Professional 
















Email:







Company Name:







First Name:







Last Name:







Password:







Confirm Password:







Country:

United States


State:

Select State:AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyomingOther




                                                                        By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our 
                                                                            privacy policy.
















                                                                        Already Registered? Access the Case for the Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund
                                                                    



































                                                    This Fund is new and has limited operating history.
                                                    


                                                        Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, 
                                                        charges and expenses of the Fund before investing. To obtain a 
                                                        prospectus containing this and other important information, please call 866.909.WISE (9473), 
                                                        or visit wisdomtree.com to view a prospectus online. Read the prospectus carefully before you invest.
                                                    


                                                        There are risks associated with investing, including possible loss of principal. 
                                                        Foreign investing involves special risks, such as risk of loss from currency 
                                                        fluctuation or political or economic uncertainty. Funds focusing on a single sector 
                                                        generally experience greater price volatility. Investments in emerging, offshore or 
                                                        frontier markets are generally less liquid and less efficient than investments in 
                                                        developed markets and are subject to additional risks, such as risks of adverse 
                                                        governmental regulation and intervention or political developments. 
                                                        A Fund that has exposure to one or more sectors may be more vulnerable to any single 
                                                        economic or regulatory development. The Fund invests in the securities included in, 
                                                        or representative of, its Index regardless of their investment merit, and the Fund does 
                                                        not attempt to outperform its Index or take defensive positions in declining markets. 
                                                        Please read the Fund’s prospectus for specific details regarding the Fund’s risk profile.
                                                    

                                                   WisdomTree Funds are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC in the U.S. only. 
                                                




























Overview | Capital Ideas 2017 Outlook - From Capital Group













2017 Outlook: Navigating a World in Transition








2017 Outlook: Navigating a World in Transition




Capital Ideas
Overview
United States
International
Emerging Markets
Fixed Income
Portfolios
















































Economies
Markets
Rates
Politics













		Investors in 2017 are facing a world in transition. The result of the U.S. presidential election and the earlier vote by British citizens to leave the European Union potentially reflect populist sentiment that appears to be challenging the decades-long march of globalization. What’s more, investors are recognizing that aggressive central bank stimulus may have reached its limits, and a transition to fiscal policy is at hand. Where should investors turn in such an environment? Our 2017 Outlook takes a trip around the globe, detailing the most important economic and investment themes as well as the portfolio implications from investing in a changing world.
	

		The global economy continues along its low-growth path, but there are a number of bright spots. In the U.S., despite the political uncertainty, a strengthening consumer is driving stronger growth. A large fiscal stimulus under the new administration could well provide another boost to the U.S. economy. And in many emerging markets the rebound that began in 2016 appears to have momentum, supported by higher commodities prices and structural reforms. Europe remains challenged by uncertainty about the future of the European Union, low growth and high unemployment. 
	

		A seven-year equity bull market has lifted stock valuations in the U.S., but many parts of the world are trading at discounts. Emerging markets and international markets are both below their 10-year average price-to-earnings ratio. Political and economic uncertainty remains, but there are bargains to be found for active investors seeking solid companies at attractive prices.
	

		U.S. government bond yields are near record lows, but are actually quite high relative to the rest of the world. Currently, 10-year Treasuries yield more than 85% of developed market sovereign debt. Even if U.S. rates rise and the new presidential administration’s policies are inflationary, the “lower for longer” trend seems sustainable well into next year while Europe and Japan continue to experiment with negative policy rates and quantitative easing.
	

		Results from the U.S. presidential election and Britain’s vote to leave the European Union highlighted a year where political populism gained momentum. But even amid that uncertainty, markets climbed a wall of worry in 2016. The lesson for this? It’s better to stick to your long-term plan and not get distracted by the latest political drama. Looking ahead, policy changes will affect individual businesses in different ways, so active investors will have an opportunity to build attractive company-by-company portfolios.
	




Next: The Expansion Is Old, but Age Is Just a Number



















Linkedin


Twitter


Facebook


Mail-Inverted






2017 Outlook (PDF)



 














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































