





Visterra Management


















Who We Are


Technology


Pipeline


News


Careers


Contact Us



 



 Who We Are

Management Team

Scientific Founder

Board of Directors

Investors



 Proprietary Hierotope® Platform

Atomic Interaction Network (AIN)

Application of our Hierotope® Platform

Scientific Publications 


 Pipeline

VIS410 for Influenza A

VIS513 for Dengue

VIS649 for IgA Nephropathy

Collaborative Programs


 Press Releases

Media Coverage



 Careers



 Contact Us














WHO WE ARE







Who We Are
Management Team
Scientific Founder
Board of Directors
Investors



Management


Brian Pereira, MD
            President and Chief Executive Officer






Brian Pereira is a veteran biopharmaceutical and healthcare leader with experience in financing and growing companies. Prior to joining Visterra, Dr. Pereira served as the President and CEO of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMAG.) At AMAG, Dr. Pereira raised four financing rounds at increasing valuations, and built the clinical development, manufacturing, supply-chain, and commercial infrastructure for the company's iron therapy product for anemia. Earlier, he served as the President and CEO of a Tufts Medical Center Physician Organization, and his prior roles at Tufts Medical Center included interim COO, Vice-Chairman for Strategic Development of the Department of Medicine, and staff physician. Dr. Pereira is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Opsonix, Inc. and NephroPlus Ltd. Previously, he was the Chairman of the Board of the Harvard-MIT Biomedical Enterprise Program and President and Board member of the National Kidney Foundation. He is an Adjunct Professor of Medicine at Tufts University School of Medicine and has contributed over 200 published scientific articles. He received his medical degree (MBBS) from St. John's Medical College, MD (Medicine) and DM (Nephrology) from the Post Graduate Institute, and MBA from Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.




David Arkowitz
            Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer






              David Arkowitz has more than 20 years of finance and operations leadership experience in the healthcare, life sciences and biotechnology industries. Prior to joining Visterra, Mr. Arkowitz was at Mascoma Corporation, a bioconversion company, where he served as Chief Financial Officer and General Manager, Mascoma Grain Tech. Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, a commercial stage public biopharmaceutical company, where he had a broad range of operational and general management responsibilities. Prior to his tenure at AMAG, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Idenix Pharmaceuticals where he managed the company's initial public offering. Earlier in his career, he spent more than thirteen years at Merck & Co. including as Vice President and Controller of the U.S. sales and marketing division and as Controller of the global research and development division. Mr. Arkowitz serves on the board of directors and as Chair of the audit committee of Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a public biopharmaceutical company. He has a BA in Mathematics from Brandeis University and an MBA from Columbia University. 




Jorg Thommes
            Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Sciences and Technology





              Jorg Thommes has more than 25 years of experience in the biotechnology industry and academia.  Prior to joining Visterra, Mr. Thommes was at Biogen, Inc., where he served among other positions as Senior Vice President, Engineering and Technology, and his responsibilities included process development for all therapeutic modalities, global and site engineering, and manufacturing sciences. Previously, Mr. Thommes was the Director, Protein Purification Development, at IDEC Pharmaceuticals and prior to IDEC, he held a research and teaching position at the Institute of Enzyme Technology at University of Dusseldorf, Germany. He serves on the board of the Recovery of Biological Products conference series and was chairman of that board from 2014 to 2016.  Mr. Thommes received a Diplom-Chemiker degree from University of Bonn, Germany, a Doctorate of Natural Sciences from University of Bonn, Germany, and a Habilitation Degree in Biochemical Engineering from University of Dusseldorf, Germany. 




Greg Miller
            Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning






              Greg Miller has more than a decade of pharmaceutical business development experience and has established partnerships in the biopharmaceutical industry generating more than $100 million in upfront payments and over $1.5 billion in potential future milestones. Prior to joining Visterra, Mr. Miller served as Vice President of Business and Corporate Development at Concert Pharmaceuticals where he secured numerous collaborations related to the company's drug development platform, including transactions with Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, and Celgene Corporation. Previously, he was Senior Director of Business Development and Corporate Strategy at AMAG Pharmaceuticals where he led the efforts in establishing a multi-regional partnership with Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Miller began his pharmaceutical career at Genzyme Corporation in 2002, where he held various roles in business development, licensing, marketing, and reimbursement. He holds a BA in Psychology from Brandeis University, and both an MBA and an MPH from Boston University. 




Zachary Shriver, PhD
            Vice President, Research






              Zach Shriver has over 12 years of experience in the biotechnology industry and joined Visterra in 2009 as Vice President of Research. Previously, Dr. Shriver was one of the founding scientists at Momenta Pharmaceuticals and served as its Senior Director of Research Analytics. While at Momenta, Dr. Shriver led efforts focused on developing state-of-the-art analytical techniques and integrating information from them into the design and increased process understanding and control for a number of complex mixture (polysaccharide, polypeptide, and biologics-based) products in support of multiple INDs and NDAs. Dr. Shriver received his BA in Chemistry from Amherst College and his PhD in Applied Biosciences from MIT, where his research focused on sequencing complex polysaccharides through the integration of analytical and bioinformatics-based techniques. Dr. Shriver is an inventor on over 40 issued patents and has authored over 60 publications, including original research on the structure and biology of complex polysaccharides, infectious diseases, and protein-glycan interactions. 




José Trevejo, MD, PhD
            Vice President, Development






              José Trevejo is a physician-scientist with more than 20 years of experience in infectious disease research and development and clinical practice.  Prior to joining Visterra, Dr. Trevejo served as Medical Director at Genentech, Inc., where he led the clinical and biomarker strategy for development of an influenza biological therapy that rapidly progressed from preclinical to phase 2 clinical trials.  Previously, he was the Medical Director and Clinical Disease Area Lead for Infectious Diseases at Vertex Pharmaceuticals, where he led the clinical development of an influenza small molecule therapy and participated in the filing of telaprevir, one of the first approved direct acting antivirals for hepatitis C.  Dr. Trevejo started his career as a principal investigator and scientist at the Draper Laboratory, where he conducted diagnostics research and development, and managed Department of Defense-supported programs relating to emerging influenza countermeasures.  Dr. Trevejo received his BS in Applied Mathematics from UCLA and his MD and PhD from the Tri-Institutional MD-PhD program at Cornell-Rockefeller-Memorial Sloan Kettering.  He completed his clinical training at Harvard Medical School, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and is a licensed physician with board certification in infectious disease. 




John Weidenbruch
            General Counsel and Corporate Secretary





John Weidenbruch has more  than twenty years of legal affairs and policy experience in the biotechnology  industry.  Prior to joining Visterra, Mr. Weidenbruch was at Biogen, Inc.,  where he served as Vice President, Chief Global Commercial Counsel.  Prior  to Biogen, he was Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate  Secretary, and Chief Compliance Officer at Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a  public biopharmaceutical company.  Prior to Idenix, Mr. Weidenbruch was  General Counsel at Abraxis BioScience Inc.  Earlier in his career, he  spent more than ten years at Amgen, Inc., where he held positions of increasing  responsibility in the legal and healthcare policy departments.  Mr.  Weidenbruch has a BA from Loyola College and a J.D. from Georgetown University  Law Center.














CONTACT  |  SITEMAP
Visterra, Inc.  | One Kendall Square, Suite B3301  |  Cambridge, MA 02139  |  617-498-1070   |   © 2017 Visterra, Inc. All Rights Reserved.










David Arkowitz, Visterra Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  




























Feedback





David Arkowitz

CFO/COO,
Visterra Inc






Career History




CFO/COO
Visterra Inc, 9/2013-PRESENT


CFO/Treasurer/Secretary
Mascoma Corp, 7/2011-9/2013


Chief Financial Officer
Mascoma Corp, 6/2011-7/2011


Exec VP/CFO/Chf Business Ofcr
Amag Pharmaceuticals Inc, 7/2007-6/2011


CFO/Chief Business Officer
Advanced Magnetics Inc, 4/2007-7/2007


CFO/Treasurer
Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc, 1/2004-3/2007


Chief Financial Officer
Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc, 12/2003-1/2004


VP:Sales & Marketing
Merck & Co Inc, FORMER


VP:Finance & Business Dev
Merck & Co, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Columbia University
MBA


Brandeis University
Bachelor's Degree, Mathematics








Memberships



Board Memberships




Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 1/2014-PRESENT




Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, FORMER









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































	Advanced Magnetics Inc Announces Appointment of David Arkowitz as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Advanced Magnetics, Inc. (AVM) Announces Appointment of David Arkowitz as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer  











Tweet








4/6/2007 11:24:40 AM



    CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 5 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Advanced Magnetics, Inc.  today announced the appointment of David A. Arkowitz to the position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer.  Mr. Arkowitz brings over 16 years of pharmaceutical financial leadership to the company, having most recently served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and prior to that he held a variety of financial leadership positions at Merck & Co., Inc.  In his new role at Advanced Magnetics, Mr. Arkowitz will assume responsibility for the company's finance, treasury, business development and investor relations functions.
    "Over the past year, we have made significant progress in building out a talented management team to drive the continued evolution of Advanced Magnetics as we advance ferumoxytol toward filing a New Drug Application and transition to a commercial biopharmaceutical company," said Brian J.G. Pereira, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of Advanced Magnetics. "The addition of David Arkowitz is an important step in support of our goals. We believe that David's breadth of experience, operations skills and financial leadership will contribute broadly to the continued development of our business strategy, which includes exploring growth opportunities for our product candidates, ferumoxytol and Combidex(R).  We are very pleased to welcome David to the management team at Advanced Magnetics."
    Prior to joining Advanced Magnetics, Mr. Arkowitz was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for over three years and was responsible for the finance, treasury, investor relations and information technology functions.  Mr. Arkowitz helped lead the company's successful initial public offering and played an integral role in the establishment of essential infrastructure and key governance and business processes to support the company's growth and commercialization of its first product.  Prior to joining Idenix, Mr. Arkowitz was with Merck & Co., Inc. for more than 13 years, where he held positions of increasing responsibility, including Vice President & Controller for Merck's U.S. Human Health Division, Controller for the Merck Research Laboratories and Vice President, Finance and Business Development for Merck's Canadian subsidiary.  Mr. Arkowitz also serves as a member of the board of directors of ImpactRx.  Mr. Arkowitz holds a master's degree in business administration from Columbia University and a bachelor's degree in mathematics from Brandeis University.
    About Advanced Magnetics
    Advanced Magnetics, Inc. is a developer of superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles used in pharmaceutical products.  As a leader in our field, we are dedicated to the development and commercialization of our proprietary nanoparticle technology for use in therapeutic iron compounds to treat anemia, as well as novel imaging agents to aid in the diagnosis of cardiovascular disease and cancer.
    Ferumoxytol, the company's key product candidate, is being developed for use as an intravenous iron replacement therapeutic for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in chronic kidney disease.  The company plans to file a New Drug Application for marketing approval of ferumoxytol with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration during the fourth calendar quarter of 2007.
    Combidex(R), the company's second product under development, is an investigational functional molecular imaging agent consisting of iron oxide nanoparticles for use in conjunction with magnetic resonance imaging, or MRI, to aid in the differentiation of cancerous from normal lymph nodes.  In March 2005, the company received an approvable letter from the FDA with respect to Combidex, subject to certain conditions.
    For more information about us, please visit our website at http://www.advancedmagnetics.com, the content of which is not part of this press release.
    This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and federal securities laws. Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts, including but not limited to, statements regarding the continued evolution of the company, the filing of a New Drug Application for ferumoxytol, the company's transition to a commercial biopharmaceutical company, and Mr. Arkowitz' potential contributions to the development of the company's business strategy, including growth opportunities for our product candidates, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include the following: (1) the possibility that we may not be able to successfully complete the development of ferumoxytol, or may not be able to complete the development in a timely or cost-effective manner, due to deficiencies in the design or oversight by us of these trials, the failure of our trials to demonstrate that ferumoxytol is safe and efficacious, unexpected results from our clinical sites, inadequate performance by third-party service providers involved in the conduct of the clinical trials, or any other factor causing an increase in expenses, a delay and/or a negative effect on the results of the clinical studies for ferumoxytol; (2) uncertainties surrounding the our ability to obtain regulatory approval for ferumoxytol from the FDA; (3) the possibility that the results of past ferumoxytol studies may not be replicated in future studies; (4) the fact that we have limited sales and marketing expertise; (5) uncertainties relating to our patents and proprietary rights; and (6) other risks identified in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.

    Contacts:
    Investors:
    investorrelations@advancedmagnetics.com
    (617) 498-3361

    Media:
    lkettleson@clarkecommgroup.com
    (978) 463-7952

Advanced Magnetics, Inc.

CONTACT:  Investors, +1-617-498-3361,investorrelations@advancedmagnetics.com, or Media, +1-978-463-7952,lkettleson@clarkecommgroup.com


Web site:  http://www.advancedmagnetics.com//








                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Advanced Magnetics, Inc. (AVM) Completes Enrollment in Final Planned Phase III Study of Ferumoxytol as an IV Iron Replacement Therapeutic  Trimeris, Inc. (TRMS) Plans More Layoffs, Shifts Fuzeon Responsibilities  Advanced Magnetics, Inc. (AVM) Announces Presentation of Ferumoxytol Data at the National Kidney Foundation 2007 Spring Clinical Meetings  Engineers Building Drug Filled Tooth  Advanced Magnetics, Inc. (AVM)' Ferumoxytol Data Monitoring Committee Identifies No Safety Concerns in Final Data Review  Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Says CFO Resigns, Names Interim Replacement  Advanced Magnetics, Inc. (AVM) Announces Settlement Of Lawsuit With Cytogen Corporation (CYTO)  Women Live Large in Biotech Sector  Advanced Magnetics, Inc. (AVM) Announces Retirement of Founder Jerome Goldsteina Genentech, Inc. (DNA)(Jobs), Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD)(Jobs) Struggle to Find Scientists as Biotech Booms  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Advanced Magnetics, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel



                            •
                            Medical Devices




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 


















































 



 Veteran Biotech Executive David Arkowitz Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals’ Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Veteran Biotech Executive David Arkowitz Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals' Board of Directors

		  Seasoned Executive Brings Extensive Track Record of Business and Financial Experience to Clinical Stage Company
		

Jan 28, 2014, 11:12 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


MILFORD, Mass., Jan. 28, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals today announced that David Arkowitz has been appointed to its Board of Directors.  Mr. Arkowitz has more than two decades of finance and operations leadership in the healthcare, life sciences and biotechnology industries.  He will help guide Spring Bank's growth with a focus on optimizing the company's financial and operational performance.
"The expansion of Spring Bank's Board of Directors ensures that the company can fully leverage the financial opportunities being created by the strong performance of our drug discovery and development programs," said Doug Jensen, CEO of Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals.  "We are very pleased to welcome David Arkowitz to our Board.  He has an exceptional track record in the life sciences industry and will add significant depth of financial, business development and operational expertise that will be of great value to our company as we navigate this exciting period of rapid growth and development."
David Arkowitz brings more than 20 years of finance and operations leadership experience in the healthcare, life sciences and biotechnology industries.  Mr. Arkowitz currently serves as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Visterra Pharmaceuticals.  Prior to joining Visterra, Mr. Arkowitz was at Mascoma Corporation, a bioconversion company, where he served as Chief Financial Officer and General Manager.  Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, a commercial stage public biopharmaceutical company, where he had a broad range of operational and general management responsibilities.  Prior to his tenure at AMAG, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Idenix Pharmaceuticals where he managed the company's initial public offering.  Earlier in his career, he spent more than thirteen years at Merck & Co. including as Vice President and Controller of the U.S. sales and marketing division and as Controller of the global research and development division.  Mr. Arkowitz served on the board of directors of Aegerion Pharmaceuticals and ImpactRx. 
About Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery and development of a new class of pharmaceuticals based on the Company's proprietary SMNH, "Small Molecule Nucleic Hybrid" technology program.  The Company's lead compound, SB 9200, currently in Ph. I clinical studies, is a potential breakthrough drug for the treatment of HCV and HBV.  The Company also has novel compounds in preclinical development for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) and Norovirus and an early stage anti inflammatory program targeting COPD and Asthma.  For more information please visit our website: www.springbankpharm.com
Contact: Douglas Jensen (508) 473-5993 Ext.105 
 SOURCE  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.springbankpharm.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 12, 2014, 07:00 ET
Preview: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Announces Oral and Poster Presentations at the 27th International Conference on Antiviral Research













Nov 26, 2013, 09:00 ET
Preview: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Commences Multiple Ascending Dose (MAD) Stage of Phase 1 clinical in HCV Patients






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  

David A. Arkowitz's involvement in venture capital (via Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc, Mascoma Corp, Impactrx Inc, Aegerion Pharmaceuticals)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/160726-a-arkowitz-davidsection=people&subsection=detail&id=160726




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


DavidA. ArkowitzGet alertedif David A. Arkowitz gets funded!David A. ArkowitzIdenix Pharmaceuticals Inc - Chief Financial OfficerMascoma Corp - CFO & Treasurer and SecretaryImpactrx Inc - Chairman of the Audit CommitteeAegerion Pharmaceuticals - Board MemberDeals involving David A. Arkowitz$107,000,000 raised with Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc on January, 2014$176,000,000 raised with Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc on August, 2012$5,000,000 raised with Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc on February, 2012$4,999,999 raised with Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc on April, 2011$5,000,000 raised with Mascoma Corp on July, 2012$6,937,494 raised with Mascoma Corp on August, 2011$5,000,000 raised with Mascoma Corp on January, 2011$50,000,000 raised with Mascoma Corp on September, 2010$3,432,400 raised with Mascoma Corp on April, 2010$678,040 raised with Impactrx Inc on January, 2010$72,100,000 raised with Aegerion Pharmaceuticals on January, 2013Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check David A. Arkowitz on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!






MassEcon David Arkowitz, ask the expert









































































617.924.4600Contact
Site Map




 









 


About Us

Overview
Staff

Susan Houston
Douglas Kehlhem
Annie O’Connell
Jacqueline Tran
Greg Gao


Board of Directors
Jobs
Private Sector Expertise
Case Studies
Annual Reports

2016 Annual Report


Contact Us
Newsletter Signup


Members

Benefits
Member Profiles

Biotechnology
Design, Engineering & Construction
Economic Development
Education
Finance
Law & Professional Services
Real Estate
Trade Associations & Chambers
Utility


Committees
Members Newsletter
Members Calendar


MA Advantage

Arts & Recreation
Education
Industry Clusters & Leaders
Innovation
Regions

The Berkshires
Central
Greater Boston
495/MetroWest
Northeast
Southeast
West


Transportation

Air
Highway
Rail
Port
Public Transit


Health


Services

Location Services

Custom Property Search
ReadyMass 100

Search
Apply to List Your Property
Minimum Criteria
Success Stories
Sponsor the ReadyMass 100


Co-Working Spaces, Incubators & Accelerators

Greater Boston
Northeast
Southeast
495/Metrowest
Central
West






Business Resources

Ambassadors
Expertise

Financing
International
Workforce
Business & Industry Groups
Permitting
Business Resource Team
Expert Interview Archive


Incentives
Regions

The Berkshires
Central
Greater Boston
495/MetroWest
Northeast
Southeast
West




Data Center

Communities
Chambers of Commerce
Workforce
Existing Employers
Demographics
Colleges & Universities

Private
Public


Energy & Utilities
Housing
Indicators
Key Reports

Choosing Massachusetts For Business: Key Factors In Location Decision-Making


Real Estate Market Info
Safety & Crime
Cost of Living
Taxes
Map Room


News & Events

News

MassEcon in the News
Press Releases
Newsletter Archive


Events

Upcoming Events
Past Events




⇒ NavigateAbout Us
– Overview
– Staff
– – Susan Houston
– – Douglas Kehlhem
– – Annie O’Connell
– – Jacqueline Tran
– – Greg Gao
– Board of Directors
– Jobs
– Private Sector Expertise
– Case Studies
– Annual Reports
– – 2016 Annual Report
– Contact Us
– Newsletter Signup
Members
– Benefits
– Member Profiles
– – Biotechnology
– – Design, Engineering & Construction
– – Economic Development
– – Education
– – Finance
– – Law & Professional Services
– – Real Estate
– – Trade Associations & Chambers
– – Utility
– Committees
– Members Newsletter
– Members Calendar
MA Advantage
– Arts & Recreation
– Education
– Industry Clusters & Leaders
– Innovation
– Regions
– – The Berkshires
– – Central
– – Greater Boston
– – 495/MetroWest
– – Northeast
– – Southeast
– – West
– Transportation
– – Air
– – Highway
– – Rail
– – Port
– – Public Transit
– Health
Services
– Location Services
– – Custom Property Search
– – ReadyMass 100
– – – Search
– – – Apply to List Your Property
– – – Minimum Criteria
– – – Success Stories
– – – Sponsor the ReadyMass 100
– – Co-Working Spaces, Incubators & Accelerators
– – – Greater Boston
– – – Northeast
– – – Southeast
– – – 495/Metrowest
– – – Central
– – – West
Business Resources
– Ambassadors
– Expertise
– – Financing
– – International
– – Workforce
– – Business & Industry Groups
– – Permitting
– – Business Resource Team
– – Expert Interview Archive
– Incentives
– Regions
– – The Berkshires
– – Central
– – Greater Boston
– – 495/MetroWest
– – Northeast
– – Southeast
– – West
Data Center
– Communities
– Chambers of Commerce
– Workforce
– Existing Employers
– Demographics
– Colleges & Universities
– – Private
– – Public
– Energy & Utilities
– Housing
– Indicators
– Key Reports
– – Choosing Massachusetts For Business: Key Factors In Location Decision-Making
– Real Estate Market Info
– Safety & Crime
– Cost of Living
– Taxes
– Map Room
News & Events
– News
– – MassEcon in the News
– – Press Releases
– – Newsletter Archive
– Events
– – Upcoming Events
– – Past Events
 
 


 







Expert Interview Archive | David Arkowitz Answers Your Questions – Interview



David Arkowitz, Executive Vice President and CFO of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, has over 18 years of pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry experience with companies such as Idenix and Merck & Co.  Since 2007, Arkowitz has been responsible for AMAG’s finance and business development.
 
Are you excited about the future of the biopharma industry?  What can Massachusetts look forward to?
As the economy stabilizes, I believe that the biopharma industry in Massachusetts will enter another phase of significant growth. There are many life sciences companies in the region that have slowed their growth as they wait for the recovery – when these organizations begin to raise capital more freely, I expect that we will see another wave of solid growth.
If you could identify two or three incentives that would help Massachusetts compete more effectively for out-of-state and international Pharma and Biotech business that are not available now, what would they be? -Are theses incentives available elsewhere?
There are several incentives that would help attract life sciences companies to Massachusetts. In two general buckets, these are: (1) additional tax credits to incent companies to manufacture products locally and for R&D activities, and (2) modifications to the NOL provisions to extend NOL carry forward from 5 to 15 years and to enable companies to cash out state NOLs.
Is the growing biopharma hub in Massachusetts beneficial to AMAG? If so, how?
The growing industry and the growing talent pool in Massachusetts is beneficial, I believe, to all biopharmaceutical companies. As the Massachusetts area becomes an increasingly recognized hub of innovation, growth and development, the entire region will prosper and we will all benefit from that positive effect.
What were the driving factors behind AMAG’s move from Cambridge to Lexington?  Why was Lexington selected over other locations?
We had outgrown our space in Cambridge. Lexington provided us with the opportunity for our office-based employees to be located in the same facility while maintaining good proximity to our manufacturing facility in Cambridge. Additionally, the town of Lexington treats its commercial residents very favorably.
Compare the benefits of AMAG’s Cambridge location to its Lexington location.
Given its proximity to route 2 and 95, our Lexington location is highly accessible from a vast majority of greater Boston and suburban communities.
What are the 5 most important ingredients in a site location for a biopharma company?
Proximity to Boston; close to major commuting corridors/public transportation; amenities at the facility or nearby; favorable local business climate; ability to customize the space.
In what ways does AMAG utilize the colleges and universities in Massachusetts?

 
We work with physician as advisors from many of the major teaching hospitals in the state. These institutions, through their professors of medicine, provide a great deal of insight into the needs of patients and providers.  
How important is it for biopharma companies to be close to elite research institutions, such as MIT?  Is it more important for some departments within biopharma companies than others?
I feel it is very essential for discovery and development stage companies to align themselves with the major institutions in the area with respect to scientific advisors and cutting edge innovation. Every company is different and the company’s stage of development determines how it aligns itself with research institutions. For example, discovery stage companies may benefit from interactions and alignment with the biology or chemistry departments at research institutions; whereas commercial stage companies may focus on interfacing with teaching hospitals associated with academic institutions. Regardless of the stage of the company, insights from these institutions are very important in better understanding the practice of medical care and where a particular product fits in the medical / scientific landscape.
Congratulations on your recent licensing deal with Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Do you see the success of life science companies directly linked with global deals such as this?
Every situation is somewhat different and must be evaluated in a complete, disciplined and objective manner.  For any biopharma company, this includes assessing the level of expertise, capabilities and resources required today and in the future to successfully develop and commercialize its product worldwide, determining the future capital requirements, and analyzing the relevant business risks. For AMAG, we feel that Takeda is an ideal partner given their expertise, capabilities, infrastructure and commitment to make the most of Feraheme in the licensed territories.
What advice would you give a CFO who is in the life sciences industry today?
Ensure that you understand your operating and capital needs over the next 24 months under a variety of different scenarios, carefully manage your spending, and raise money appropriately. Focus on the operations – manufacturing, research, development, regulatory and commercial – that comprise your organization and help make decisions that maximize the long-term value of your company while effectively managing the risks.
How has the recession affected your business, and how do you think it has affected the biopharma industry?  Have you noticed any recent improvement?
Over the past two years we have prepared for the approval and launch of our first pharmaceutical product and we are now in the midst of its launch, and we are in the process of starting a number of new clinical trials this year.  As a result, during the past two years we expanded our company and added many new employees.  We have been fortunate, the recession has only had a minimal impact on our business.  Other biopharma companies have not been so fortunate and have had to slow their growth as they wait for the recovery.  When recovery occurs and the capital markets stabilize, I would expect to see more companies raise money, which should drive increased growth and success.  
What factors contribute to and or could drive more in-state biopharma manufacturing? 
As a small biopharmaceutical company, I believe that there is a benefit to having your manufacturing location in reasonable proximity to your headquarters. Providing additional tax credits to local companies that manufacture within the state and offering additional training assistance to potential employees would result in more biopharmaceutical manufacturing in the state. 
What kind of occupational skills and educational background are you looking for when hiring manufacturing employees?
When hiring manufacturing employees, we look for good technical skills (process and equipment) and good analytical and reasoning skills (deductive reasoning.) We strongly prefer people with science backgrounds such as chemistry, biology, microbiology and engineering.
Where does the manufacturing of AMAG’s products occur?  Does AMAG outsource or partner with anyone?
We manufacture our products in our Cambridge, MA manufacturing facility. We are currently partnering with many organizations to ensure that we have the necessary second-source capacity. 










 

MassEcon 
101 Walnut Street, Watertown, MA 02472
Phone 617-924-4600 




MassEcon is a private, non-profit partnership of business, industry leaders, and government dedicated to the economic growth of Massachusetts.
© 2017 Massachusetts Alliance for Economic Development, Inc.


 








Nanotechnology Now - Press Release: Advanced Magnetics Announces Appointment of David Arkowitz as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer











Nanotechnology Now
































About Us

Advertising
Our Mission
Our Team
Comments
Friends
Contact


Nanotechnology
News

Current News
Press Releases
Submit Press
Press kit
Interviews


Columns
Products

Our Products
Books
Featured Books


Directories

Companies/Academic
Events
Glossary
Best Of


Nano-Social Network
Nano Consulting
My Account






Our NanoNews Digest Sponsors


















Home > Press > Advanced Magnetics Announces Appointment of David Arkowitz as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer
Abstract:
Advanced Magnetics, Inc. (Nasdaq: AMAG) today announced the appointment of David A. Arkowitz tothe position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Mr. Arkowitz brings over 16 years of pharmaceutical financial leadership to the company, having most recently served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and prior to that he held avariety of financial leadership positions at Merck & Co., Inc. In his new role at Advanced Magnetics, Mr. Arkowitz will assume responsibility for the company's finance, treasury, business development and investor relations functions.
Advanced Magnetics Announces Appointment of David Arkowitz as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer
Cambridge, MA | Posted on April 5th, 2007"Over the past year, we have made significant progress in building outa talented management team to drive the continued evolution of AdvancedMagnetics as we advance ferumoxytol toward filing a New Drug Applicationand transition to a commercial biopharmaceutical company," said Brian J.G.Pereira, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of Advanced Magnetics."The addition of David Arkowitz is an important step in support of ourgoals. We believe that David's breadth of experience, operations skills andfinancial leadership will contribute broadly to the continued developmentof our business strategy, which includes exploring growth opportunities forour product candidates, ferumoxytol and Combidex(R). We are very pleased towelcome David to the management team at Advanced Magnetics."    Prior to joining Advanced Magnetics, Mr. Arkowitz was Chief FinancialOfficer and Treasurer of Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for over three yearsand was responsible for the finance, treasury, investor relations andinformation technology functions. Mr. Arkowitz helped lead the company'ssuccessful initial public offering and played an integral role in theestablishment of essential infrastructure and key governance and businessprocesses to support the company's growth and commercialization of itsfirst product. Prior to joining Idenix, Mr. Arkowitz was with Merck & Co.,Inc. for more than 13 years, where he held positions of increasingresponsibility, including Vice President & Controller for Merck's U.S.Human Health Division, Controller for the Merck Research Laboratories andVice President, Finance and Business Development for Merck's Canadiansubsidiary. Mr. Arkowitz also serves as a member of the board of directorsof ImpactRx. Mr. Arkowitz holds a master's degree in businessadministration from Columbia University and a bachelor's degree inmathematics from Brandeis University.####About Advanced MagneticsAdvanced Magnetics, Inc. is a developer of superparamagnetic iron oxidenanoparticles used in pharmaceutical products. As a leader in our field, weare dedicated to the development and commercialization of our proprietarynanoparticle technology for use in therapeutic iron compounds to treatanemia, as well as novel imaging agents to aid in the diagnosis ofcardiovascular disease and cancer.    Ferumoxytol, the company's key product candidate, is being developedfor use as an intravenous iron replacement therapeutic for the treatment ofiron deficiency anemia in chronic kidney disease. The company plans to filea New Drug Application for marketing approval of ferumoxytol with the U.S.Food and Drug Administration during the fourth calendar quarter of 2007.    Combidex(R), the company's second product under development, is aninvestigational functional molecular imaging agent consisting of iron oxidenanoparticles for use in conjunction with magnetic resonance imaging, orMRI, to aid in the differentiation of cancerous from normal lymph nodes. InMarch 2005, the company received an approvable letter from the FDA withrespect to Combidex, subject to certain conditions.    For more information about us, please visit our website athttp://www.advancedmagnetics.com , the content of which is not part of thispress release.    This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning ofthe Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and federal securitieslaws. Any statements contained in this press release that do not describehistorical facts, including but not limited to, statements regarding thecontinued evolution of the company, the filing of a New Drug Applicationfor ferumoxytol, the company's transition to a commercial biopharmaceuticalcompany, and Mr. Arkowitz' potential contributions to the development ofthe company's business strategy, including growth opportunities for ourproduct candidates, are forward-looking statements that involve risks anduncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially fromthose discussed in such forward-looking statements. Such risks anduncertainties include the following: (1) the possibility that we may not beable to successfully complete the development of ferumoxytol, or may not beable to complete the development in a timely or cost-effective manner, dueto deficiencies in the design or oversight by us of these trials, thefailure of our trials to demonstrate that ferumoxytol is safe andefficacious, unexpected results from our clinical sites, inadequateperformance by third-party service providers involved in the conduct of theclinical trials, or any other factor causing an increase in expenses, adelay and/or a negative effect on the results of the clinical studies forferumoxytol; (2) uncertainties surrounding the our ability to obtainregulatory approval for ferumoxytol from the FDA; (3) the possibility thatthe results of past ferumoxytol studies may not be replicated in futurestudies; (4) the fact that we have limited sales and marketing expertise;(5) uncertainties relating to our patents and proprietary rights; and (6)other risks identified in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings.We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-lookingstatements which speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim anyobligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect anychange in expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on whichany such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood thatactual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-lookingstatements.
For more information, please click here
Contacts:Investors:     (617) 498-3361    Media:     (978) 463-7952
Copyright © PR Newswire Association LLC.
If you have a comment, please Contact us.Issuers of news releases, not 7th Wave, Inc. or Nanotechnology Now, are solely responsible for the accuracy of the content.
  Bookmark:

















Related News Press
Announcements

Scientists announce the quest for high-index materials: All-dielectric nanophotonics: The quest for better materials and fabrication techniques July 22nd, 2017

Pulses of electrons manipulate nanomagnets and store information: Scientists use electron pulses to create and manipulate nanoscale magnetic excitations that can store data July 21st, 2017

The first light atomic nucleus with a second face July 20th, 2017

Semiliquid chains pulled out of a sea of microparticles July 20th, 2017
Appointments/Promotions/New hires/Resignations/Deaths

Nanometrics Announces Retirement Plans of CEO Timothy Stultz: Dr. Stultz to Continue as Director May 25th, 2017

180 Degree Capital Corp. Announces the Start of Kevin Rendino as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Completion of its Transition to a Registered Closed-End Fund March 31st, 2017

Francis Alexander Named Deputy Director of Brookhaven Lab's Computational Science Initiative February 16th, 2017

Nanobiotix appoints senior executive from pharmaceutical industry, as Chief Operating Officer: Oncology industry veteran to oversee operations and product commercialization February 8th, 2017





















			The latest news from around the world, FREE 


 


 




























  Premium Products











			Only the news you want to read! 
			
			 Learn More












			University Technology Transfer & Patents 
			
			 Learn More












			Full-service, expert consulting 
			
			 Learn More
























Nanotechnology Now Featured Books























    © Copyright 1999-2016 7th Wave, Inc. All Rights Reserved
  

PRIVACY POLICY :: CONTACT US :: STATS :: SITE MAP :: ADVERTISE   
  









 



David Arkowitz at Amag Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Contact Details | LeadFerret.com



















Login with your social account:

OR 










Forgot Password?
Create a Free Account!Sign Up!








LeadFerret




Search


Contacts
Specialty Directories




About Us


Blog
Company
FAQs
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy




Help


FAQ
Tutorials




Buy Points




Earn Points




SalesNexus







1-866-535-3960













Company & Contact Directories


Companies


Contacts






Contact Details for David Arkowitz









David
Arkowitz



Chief Financial Officer Executive Vice President C


Contact Information

Phone:
(617) 498-3300


Email:

Please log in or register to see the details.




Social Links

Twitter:

Please log in or register to see the details.



Facebook:

Please log in or register to see the details.



LinkedIn:

Please log in or register to see the details.



Google+:

Please log in or register to see the details.




Company Information


Name:
Amag Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Address:

100 Hayden Ave Ste 1
Lexington
MA
02421



Phone:
617-497-2070


Website:
http://www.amagpharma.com/



View Complete Company Profile





Claim Profile
Is this you? Claim your profile to update and/or remove this information.

Quality score65out of 100






List of colleagues of David Arkowitz at Amag Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


First Name
Last name
Title



Allen
Poma
Medical Director




Janaki
Subramanyam
Director Regulatory Affairs




Audra
Kammerer
Medical Science Liaison




David
Knauss
Senior Associate Ectd Specialist Regulatory Affair




Joseph
Farmer
General Counsel And Population Senior Vice Preside




Donna
Sokolski
Documentation Specialist




Brian
Pereira
President, Ceo, And Director




Jonas
Niaura
Director Business Development




Kevin
Stafford
Renal Sales Specialist




Nikki
Quinn
Renal Sales Specialist




Carol
Miceli
Senior Manager Of Investor Relations And Corporate




Paul
Nee
Senior Director Commercial Analysis




Michael
Szwajkos
Senior Director Of National Accounts




Paul
Miller
Executive Unspecific




Robert
Brenner
Senior Vice President-medical Affairs




Joe
Lewis
Information Technology Manager




Rupal
Kalapanda
Senior Clinical Project Manager




Ron
Godsey
Government Account Manager West




Kristen
Galfetti
Corporate Communications And Investor Relations




Lee
Allen
Chief Medical Officer Senior Vice President Of Cli




Joseph
Bender
Executive Unspecific




Lesly
Charanza
Senior Director Government Policy And Reimbursemen




Mara
Bartos
Production Engineer




Timothy
Kachmar
Director Regulatory Affairs




Robert
Haydon
Manager Of Regulatory Affairs




Carol
Walsh
Renal Sales Specialist




Pooja
Sawhney
Market Research Analyst




Kelly
Scherf
Renal Sales Specialist




Karen
Jackson
Director National Accounts




Carole
Gleeson
Manager Market Research And Competitive Intelligen




Karl
Schmidt
Imaging Program Manager Medical Affairs




David
Arkowitz
Chief Financial Officer Executive Vice President C




Elisabeth
Svensson
Executive Unspecific




Demetra
Barlas
Ehs Manager




Ralph
Marano
Renal Sales Specialist




Paul
Conard
Associate Director




Mattq
Hagan
Corporate Account Manager




Scott
Mayberry
Senior Director Trade And Pricing




Peter
Vincent
Analyst Ii




Gregory
Miller
Director Business Development




Samantha
Friedman
Renal Sales Specialist




Mark
Turechek
Amag Pharmaceuticals




John
McNamara
National Sales Director




Patrick
Treanor
Executive Director Of Sales




Edward
English
Controller




Aaron
Denning
Renal Sales Specialist




Tim
Brady
Renal Sales Specialist




Byron
Wigodner
National Account Director




Kathleen
Silva
Amag Pharmaceuticals Inc




Andrew
McDevitt
Senior Financial Analyst




Frank
Hong
Executive Unspecific




Jessica
Dioguardi
Director Medical Affairs




Andrew
Lam
Msl Ii




Betsy
Lahue
Executive Director Health Economics Epidemiology A




Heather
Fraser
Associate Director




Michael
Stevenson
Director Medical Science Liaisons




Jill
Tilem
Corporate Counsel




Leslie
Myatt
Human Resources




Gary
Fortin
Medical Science Liaison Ii




Jamal
Collins
Av And Windows Engineer




Scott
McMillan
Executive Director-manufacturing




Kyle
Haraldsen
Associate Director Contract Manufacturing




William
McGowan
Senior Manager Accounting




William
Heiden
President and CEO




Allison
Henderson
Human Resources Generalist




Nancy
Smith
Senior Director of Legal & Financial Affairs




Linda
Martin
Senior Clinical Trials Associate




Hyeok
Kalis
Rss










×
–
A message from LeadFerret







Close




New Message
↑
 LeadFerret Chat



Loading...
























People directory - Last Names - Arkowitz















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
A

Arkowitz




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

Ben Arkowitz
Benjamin Arkowitz
Bernard Arkowitz
David Arkowitz
Diane Arkowitz
Eleanor Arkowitz
Erica Arkowitz
Hal Arkowitz
Harold Arkowitz
Jennifer Arkowitz
Jenny Arkowitz
Kathy Arkowitz
Laura Arkowitz
Lorraine Arkowitz
Marilyn Arkowitz
Martin Arkowitz
Richard Arkowitz
Robert Arkowitz
Ruth Arkowitz
S Arkowitz
Steve Arkowitz
Steven Arkowitz
Sydney Arkowitz
Wallace Arkowitz








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







