








Armstrong Shaw











Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc., an SEC registered investment advisor located in New Canaan, Connecticut, has been providing large cap equity management to institutional and individual clients since its founding in 1984.  We are privately owned with a seasoned investment team that averages 24 years of experience.  Our investment philosophy is rooted in a disciplined, absolute value approach to the equity market.  We seek to provide strong absolute returns by investing in a concentrated portfolio assembled through bottom up, fundamentally driven stock selection.HomeProductInvestment TeamContactTerms of UseArmstrong Shaw Associates Inc., 237 Elm Street, New Canaan, CT 06840ph: 203.972.9600   fx: 203.972.9635   marketing@armstrongshaw.com   www.armstrongshaw.comYour use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms Of Use.Privacy Policy

•Employee owned with continuity of management since 1984•Single product; sole focus•Concentrated portfolio where every name counts•Fundamental stock pickers with a disciplined, absolute value approach•Long term value added attributable to stock selection•Strong emphasis on client serviceKey Characteristics That Distinguish Armstrong Shaw  The Firm


















Armstrong Shaw - Investment Team











HomeProductInvestment TeamContactTerms of UseInvestment Team Jeff Shaw chairs the Investment Committee and oversees research.**Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc., 237 Elm Street, New Canaan, CT 06840ph: 203.972.9600   fx: 203.972.9635   marketing@armstrongshaw.com   www.armstrongshaw.comYour use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms Of Use.Privacy Policy

Principal, Chairman & CIOPrincipal, Chief Compliance OfficerPrincipal, Research AnalystPrincipal, Research Analyst


















Armstrong Shaw - Contact











HomeProductInvestment TeamContactTerms of UseThank you for your interest in Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc.For more information about the firm or our investment services please contact:Monica GradyPrincipal & Chief Compliance OfficerPhone: 203-972-9600Email: marketing@armstrongshaw.comLocation: 237 Elm StreetNew Canaan, CT 06840Phone/Fax/Email:Ph: (203) 972-9600Fx: (203) 972-9630Marketing@armstrongshaw.comArmstrong Shaw Associates Inc., 237 Elm Street, New Canaan, CT 06840ph: 203.972.9600   fx: 203.972.9635   marketing@armstrongshaw.com   www.armstrongshaw.comYour use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms Of Use.Privacy Policy
















Armstrong Shaw - Product











Armstrong Shaw has a disciplined, absolute value approach to the equity market.  We believe that investing in high quality businesses run by proven management teams at attractive prices will provide superior returns to our clients over time.  We seek to provide attractive long term returns by investing in a concentrated portfolio assembled through bottom up, fundamentally driven stock selection.  We invest in securities when cash flow or asset value analysis determines they are selling at a substantial discount to intrinsic value.  We focus on companies that generate predictable and sustainable free cash flows.  High cash flow generation allows for increased research and development, the ability to capitalize quickly on opportunities, make acquisitions to further grow the business, or return value to shareholders.  We also compare the company's valutation to its peers, the broader market, and any transactions that may have taken place in its industry.  We interview the management team to get a better sense of the strategic and financial plans for the company.  Ultimately, our goal is to purchase these stocks at prices equal to or less than 70% of our estimate of intrinsic value.HomeProductInvestment TeamContactTerms of UseCompany Specific Analysis - What We Look ForArmstrong Shaw Associates Inc., 237 Elm Street, New Canaan, CT 06840ph: 203.972.9600   fx: 203.972.9635   marketing@armstrongshaw.com   www.armstrongshaw.comYour use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms Of Use.Privacy PolicyOur Product


















Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT Takes Position in Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Pentair PLC. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair PLC. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Oshkosh Corporation (OSK) Stake Cut by Highland Capital Management LLC					

Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) Stock Price					

Aqua Metals, Inc. (AQMS) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine					

$32.03 Million in Sales Expected for Vertex Energy, Inc (NASDAQ:VTNR) This Quarter					

Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $499,000 Stake in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG)					

Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

7.3% Stake of Merus N.V. (MRUS) Held by 
				
					Novo Holdings A					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 2,500 Shares of Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG)					

Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG) Receives Buy Rating from Credit Suisse Group					

Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT Takes Position in Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR)					

Peregrine Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS)					

Fulgent Genetic (FLGT) Given Media Impact Score of 0.25					

Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for HP Inc. (HPQ)					

Karpas Strategies LLC Continues to Hold Position in Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH)					

Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan					

Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC) Shares Bought by Prospera Financial Services Inc					

Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for TESSCO Technologies Incorporated Decreased by Analyst (TESS)					

Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Position Held by Founders Capital Management					

Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (RGA) Shares Sold by Anderson Hoagland & Co.					

General Motors Company (GM) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub					





 





						Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT Takes Position in Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR)					

						 July 20th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Tyrone Williams 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT acquired a new stake in  Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm acquired 70,322 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,679,000. 
Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of PNR. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in  Pentair PLC. by 1,577.2% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 11,564,179 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $726,001,000 after buying an additional 10,874,699 shares during the last quarter.  Sound Shore Management Inc. CT bought a new stake in  Pentair PLC. during the first quarter valued at approximately $133,129,000.  Clearbridge Investments LLC increased its stake in  Pentair PLC. by 16.1% in the first quarter. Clearbridge Investments LLC now owns 6,133,909 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $385,087,000 after buying an additional 850,370 shares during the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in  Pentair PLC. by 36.9% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,689,019 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $168,817,000 after buying an additional 724,791 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Westwood Holdings Group Inc. bought a new stake in  Pentair PLC. during the first quarter valued at approximately $45,224,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  86.37% of the company’s stock. 
Pentair PLC. (NYSE PNR) traded down 1.69% on Thursday, reaching $64.96. 268,181 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $11.84 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.65 and a beta of 1.40. Pentair PLC. has a 1-year low of $53.80 and a 1-year high of $69.03. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $66.10 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.68. 




Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $1.18 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Pentair PLC. had a net margin of 9.46% and a return on equity of 14.19%. The business’s revenue was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.76 EPS.  Equities research analysts expect that  Pentair PLC. will post $3.53 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 21st will be issued a $0.345 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 19th. This represents a $1.38 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.09%. Pentair PLC.’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 50.37%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/20/armstrong-shaw-associates-inc-ct-takes-position-in-pentair-plc-nysepnr.html. 
PNR has been the subject of several research reports. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Pentair PLC. from $58.00 to $59.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Pentair PLC. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Pentair PLC. from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Gabelli downgraded shares of Pentair PLC. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  restated a “sell” rating and set a $61.00 target price on shares of Pentair PLC. in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $66.85.
In related news, insider Trian Fund Management, L.P. purchased 863,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 17th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $65.25 per share, for a total transaction of $56,310,750.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Chairman Randall J. Hogan sold 110,325 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total transaction of $7,171,125.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 198,111 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,877,215. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders bought 1,726,000 shares of company stock valued at $112,619,140 and sold 356,353 shares valued at $23,432,170. Company insiders own  9.90% of the company’s stock. 
About Pentair PLC.
Pentair, Inc (Pentair) is a focused diversified industrial manufacturing company. The Company operates in two segments: Water & Fluid Solutions and Technical Products. Water & Fluid Solutions is providing products and systems used worldwide in the movement, storage and treatment of water. Technical Products is engaged in the global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing standard, modified and custom enclosures that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components and protect the people that use them.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PNR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR).






Receive News & Ratings for Pentair PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc                                                                                            - New Canaan                                        , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



New Canaan



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc
                                    



 





















A 


Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



237 ELM ST STE 1 NEW CANAAN, CT 06840
Get Directions



(203) 972-9600
www.armstrongshaw.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 1984
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,008,111.00
 Employee Count 17
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Jeff Shaw                                                                                                               







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc                                                                                            was founded in 1984. Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc                                                                                            specializes in Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















BBB Business Profile | Armstrong Shaw Associates, Inc. | Accreditation


























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Financial Planning Consultants
 > 
Armstrong Shaw Associates, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Armstrong Shaw Associates, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Armstrong Shaw Associates, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(203) 972-9600

Armstrong Shaw Associates, Inc.

        45 Grove St
        New Canaan, CT 06840-5330
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (203) 972-9630
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            marketing@armstrongshaw.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 04/13/2016
            

                Business Incorporated: 06/14/1988 in CT





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Jeffrey M. Shaw, Chairman/Presidnet
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Planning Consultants
            








 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Armstrong Shaw Associates, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Armstrong Shaw Associates, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.
























































 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc in New Canaan, CT 06840 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Connecticut
» New Canaan
» Specialized Insurance
» Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc













Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





45 Grove st Ste 5  New Canaan, Connecticut 06840


(203) 972-9600
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc is located at the address 45 Grove st Ste 5 in New Canaan, Connecticut 06840.  They can be contacted via phone at (203) 972-9600 for pricing, hours and directions.  Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc has an annual sales volume of 2M – 4,999,999.  .For more information contact Zak  Walker, Database Administrator or  go to www.armstrongshaw.comArmstrong Shaw Associates Inc provides Online Services, Institutional Services, Financial Management to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Treasury Bonds
, Money Markets
, Corporate Bonds
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, IRAs
, Self-Employed Policies
, Stocks
, Municipal Bonds
, Mortgage Investments
, Certificates Of Deposit



SERVICES


Individual Services
, Commercial Services
, Private Banking
, Estate Planning
, Business Banking
, Retirement Planning
, Brokerage Services
, Online Services
, Financial Management
, Institutional Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (203) 972-9600
Website: www.armstrongshaw.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 290-0000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 2M – 4,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Insurance
Investments & Securities
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


J M Lummis & Co Inc


50 Locust Ave Ste 8 New Canaan, Connecticut 06840




Edison Capital


540 West Rd  New Canaan, Connecticut 06840




Brown Thayer & Shedd Insurance


49 Pine St  New Canaan, Connecticut 06840





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Zak  Walker
DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR
Phone: (203) 972-9600 
 



Monica  Grady
TREASURER
Phone: (203) 972-9600 
 



Jeff  Shaw
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Phone: (203) 972-9600 
 



Fred  Norten
PRINCIPAL
Phone: (203) 972-9600 
 



Stephan  Weinberger
PRINCIPAL
Phone: (203) 972-9600 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM











ARMSTRONG SHAW ASSOCIATES INC. : Top Money Managers  










Armstrong Shaw











Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc., an SEC registered investment advisor located in New Canaan, Connecticut, has been providing large cap equity management to institutional and individual clients since its founding in 1984.  We are privately owned with a seasoned investment team that averages 24 years of experience.  Our investment philosophy is rooted in a disciplined, absolute value approach to the equity market.  We seek to provide strong absolute returns by investing in a concentrated portfolio assembled through bottom up, fundamentally driven stock selection.HomeProductInvestment TeamContactTerms of UseArmstrong Shaw Associates Inc., 237 Elm Street, New Canaan, CT 06840ph: 203.972.9600   fx: 203.972.9635   marketing@armstrongshaw.com   www.armstrongshaw.comYour use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms Of Use.Privacy Policy

•Employee owned with continuity of management since 1984•Single product; sole focus•Concentrated portfolio where every name counts•Fundamental stock pickers with a disciplined, absolute value approach•Long term value added attributable to stock selection•Strong emphasis on client serviceKey Characteristics That Distinguish Armstrong Shaw  The Firm









 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


