


Paul Arnold's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Paul Arnold#42949@paul_arnoldArnold Capitalswitch.vc364Following451FollowersFollow5 UpvotesMentat JunctionOutplacement made for the fast-paced startup worldTech+ 1 save 186 13Mode DashboardsBeautiful new tools for tracking and exploring key metricsDeveloper Tools+ 3 save 549 15ValcuDIY Startup Incorporation, Setup and Corporate ManagementVenture Capital+ 2 save 205 5XendoCloud Search for BusinessTech save 80 1Quip for Mac & WindowsThe modern productivity suite designed for teamsMac+ 2 save 62 2Share this profile

















Products and Gifts










































 Menu

View Cart








Products and Gifts


With a modern range of quality books and calendars which utilise my ever-growing collection of images, as well as Gift Vouchers for that 'hard to buy for' person - or a full Gift Registry for that upcoming special occasion - my aim is to provide a choice of exclusive gifts to suit all budgets and occasions. My books and images also provide perfect gifts for those leaving the Territory, or as a unique thankyou gift to corporate visitors and sponsors. Don't hesitate to ask us about corporate and wholesale pricing!





Capturing the Territory Vol1 - Edition 2
Premium Coffee Table Book
$35.00 AUD

  Add to cart
Learn more




Capturing the Territory Vol2 - Edition 2
Premium Coffee Table Book
$35.00 AUD

  Add to cart
Learn more




Capturing the Territory Vol3 - Edition 1
Premium Coffee Table Book
$35 AUD

  Add to cart
Learn more




* SOLD OUT *
Showcasing The Northern Territory
$NA AUD

  Add to cart
Learn more




Kakadu National Park
Comprehensive Photographic Souvenir Book
$10.00 AUD

  Add to cart
Learn more




Katherine Region
Comprehensive Photographic Souvenir Book
$10.00 AUD

  Add to cart
Learn more




Capturing the Territory - 3 Volume Set
Premium Coffee Table Books
$100 AUD

  Add to cart
Learn more




Gift Vouchers
The Gift of Choice








$50 AUD$100 AUD$150 AUD$200 AUD$250 AUD$300 AUD$350 AUD$400 AUD$450 AUD$500 AUD




  Add to cart
Learn more






 






















ARNOLD PAUL DARIN - SAN DIEGO, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



SAN DIEGO



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            ARNOLD PAUL DARIN
                                    



 





















A 


ARNOLD PAUL DARIN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3600 TORREY VIEW CT SAN DIEGO, CA 92130
Get Directions



(858) 350-1427





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $150,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Arnold Paul Darin is located at 3600 Torrey View Ct in San Diego and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2009. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























AdvoCare Home Page









Error: Incorrect header









{{Session.DistributorUser.DisplayName}}


About Me

Contact {{Session.AssociatedDistributor.DisplayName}} - Your Upline









{{Session.AssociatedDistributor.DisplayName}}



Your AdvoCare Distributor
About {{Session.AssociatedDistributor.DisplayName}}
Contact {{Session.AssociatedDistributor.DisplayName}}






GET STARTED!



Become a CustomerBecome a Distributor 


Shop



Hi {{Session.FirstName}}



Logout






LOGIN







                                EN
                            

                                ES
                            




                                ENGLISH
                            

                                ESPAÑOL
                            





CART
 










Login



* Required Field
 




Username/ID*

Username is required
Invalid Username


Forgot username?





Password*

Password is required



Forgot password?





Sorry, the user ID or password you entered is incorrect.


Forgot password?

LOGIN



Sorry, the user ID or password you entered is incorrect.










Become a Retail Customer


Sign up to enjoy the power of
AdvoCare products















Become a
Preferred Customer

Sign up to receive a 20 - 30%
discount on AdvoCare products















Become a Distributor


Sign up to receive a 20 - 40%
discount on products and participate
in the AdvoCare business opportunity


REGISTER NOW









Login





 



Username/ID*

Username is required
Invalid Username



Forgot username?



Password*

Password is required
Use at least one alphabet, one number and one special character !@#$*-_;,.




Forgot password?




Sorry, the user ID or password you entered is incorrect.


LOGIN


























Or search for
AdvoCare SparkAdvoCare SlimMuscle Gain 

















WELCOME
 To Paul Arnold's
WEBSITE






Since 1993, AdvoCare® has been a world-class nutrition company specializing in health and wellness, weight management, vibrant energy and sports performance. Navigate through this site to learn more about our cutting-edge nutritional supplements and skincare as well as the opportunity to earn a full time income with a part time commitment by sharing AdvoCare products with others. Our products are formulated by an elite Scientific and Medical Advisory Board with over 200 years combined experience in pharmacology, toxicology, nutrition, sports performance and pediatrics. We have a multitude of product endorsers that includes professional athletes, champion amateur athletes, and acclaimed entertainers. 

    I became a Advocare distributor, because I use and believe in the
Advocare products, but "Debt Freedom" also caught my attention. My family has been living from pay check to pay check,and in todays economy it is important to have multiple sources of income. Now with AdvoCare we have a vehicle to generate additional income,and reduce our debts. Our first goal is to become debt free from our credit card, within 6 months.
     You can purchase AdvoCare Products and have them delivered directly to your door,by becoming a retail customer and following the instructions on this site. Contact me for information on how to receive 20% to 40% off of Advocare products.
     If you are looking for a plan to generate additional income, you can have your own business for only $79.00. Just click on " Become a disstributor" Please contact me directly for details.

 Please contact me: 321-576-5644.

" Success is taking advantage of the opportunity when it presents itself."

Thanks for stopping by!










default

















































































































 


Interested in hearing more?






Interested in hearing more?



















Endorsers*



            "AdvoCare is perfect for athletes who are trying to train and compete at the highest level."
        


                Jason Witten
            

Dallas Tight End















Endorsers*



            "I've been using AdvoCare supplements for a few years now, and I feel like they help me recover from training sessions. Who doesn't like the taste of an AdvoCare Spark® to wake up in the morning?!"
        


                Rich Froning
            

4-Time Reebok® Crossfit® Games Champion















Endorsers*



            "AdvoCare products help me to perform at an optimum level."
        


                Kelley Larsen
            

Professional Sand Volleyball Player















Endorsers*



            "I am always trying to reach the next level in my sport. In order to do that, my body needs to be able to recover from workouts and matches. AdvoCare offers a selection of products that I feel help me recover and stay sharper on the field."
        


                Becky Sauerbrunn
            

Kansas City Defender

















*Endorsers receive free product in exchange for their endorsement and are compensated for their time and appearances.











































Paul Arnold's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Paul Arnold#531947@paularnoldInvestor29Following54FollowersFollow6 UpvotesKickOvercome shyness with actionable Kicks ❤️iPhone+ 3 save 666 36Mode for SlackShare dashboards and analysis with your team on SlackSlack+ 2 save 252 9Mode DefinitionsReusable, SQL-based business logic you can COUNT() onDeveloper Tools+ 2 save 261 7SquireDiscover & book the best Barbers in your cityiPhone+ 4 save 384 51The Twenty Minute VC: Chris Douvos @ VIA Will LPs Replace GPs?Investing+ 1 save 14 1Mode Python NotebooksExploratory analysis you can shareDeveloper Tools+ 2 save 408 11Share this profile










Arnold Milliron  Obituary  - Pierceton, Indiana - Tributes.com


















































- ADVERTISEMENT -















		Play Music
	


		Pause Music
	



A
A
A










Tweet





Help





 | 

Login

 | 

Sign Up











 Obituary Search Advanced Search


State
AL
AK
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY

















Obituary   Search

Advanced Search
Browse by Location
Browse Most Recent
Browse by Date
Find a Funeral Home




Celebrity Deaths

Celebrity Death News
Celebrity Deaths by Category
This Week in History
Year in Review





Sympathy Flowersby your Local Florist



CreateObituary


Grief RecoveryCenter



					Start a Family Tree
	                





Find aFuneral Home











Celebrity Obituaries

Review this week's trending celebrity news stories









Arnold Paul Milliron Obituary
			











Remember
		


Arnold Paul Milliron



                	April 28, 1949 - February 27, 2017
                	
                	
                		




                    Pierceton, Indiana
                    



Set a Reminder for the Anniversaryof Arnold's Passing




Forward to Family & Friends




Share a Memory




Print



Contact Support


Upgrade


Death Certificates








Click on the item you would like to print.





Obituary





Guestbook





All










Share This Obituary

















Make a Memorial Donation

		Tributes.com partners with over 100 national charities. It's easy and secure.
	
Donate











			Obituary
        


Funeral Services


Send Condolences


Upgrade


Memory Book






Memories & Candles
Previous







		                    
	                        
							
								“Loved Arnold, my old Robinhood Lane Elementary buddy. We worked in the school cafeteria, him scraping plates and me spraying them off. He was a...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
1 of 12 | Posted by: David Martin - Antioch,  CA





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Arn and I both attended Hillman St. Christian Church in Youngstown, OH  Lost contact with each other and read the Area Deaths in our paper and just...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
2 of 12 | Posted by: Paula Anderson - Boardman,  OH





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“So sorry to hear of Arnold's passing. We will miss the surprise visits from him, but will cherish each one we got during his living.  He had a great...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
3 of 12 | Posted by: June Farmery - Rochester Mills,  PA






				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Love to your whole family as you mourn the loss of Arnold. May you sense the peace that only God can give.
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
4 of 12 | Posted by: Sandy Vekasy - Springfield,  MO





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“We are so sorry for your loss....Prayers for you and your family!!..Love you in Christ!!
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
5 of 12 | Posted by: Rosa Ramirez - San Elizario,  TX





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“We are so glad that we got to know Arnold and Marsha.  Our prayers are with the family at this time of your loss.  May God  be with each of you in a...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
6 of 12 | Posted by: Ron and Carol Klotz - Milford,  IN





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“We are so sorry to hear about your loss. So many good memories of Arnold and what he meant to you, his smile and fun loving ways. You are in our...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
7 of 12 | Posted by: A friend





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“We have wonderful memories including the digging potatoes in the snow!  We love you Marsha and we care.  Wish we could be there with you and your...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
8 of 12 | Posted by: Norm and Eunice Hunsberger -  FL





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“So Sorry to hear about Arnold. Always enjoyed his smile and friendship. He will be missed. May God give you and your family comfort, Marcia, in the...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
9 of 12 | Posted by: Larry Wagner - Nappanee,  IN





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Words can't express how blessed I was to become friends with Arnold and Marsha through DivorceCare. Arnold was a true servant of God and he will be...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
10 of 12 | Posted by: Julie Hyche  







11 of 12 | Posted by: Kathie Matz - Cromwell,  IN





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Marsha,Our hearts are aching because our friend is gone, though we rejoice that this is not the end, but the beginning of a glorious eternal life...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
12 of 12 | Posted by: Jim & Bonnie Schaffer - Four Oaks,  NC





Next




View All


Leave A Memory



Leave Audio Memory



Light A Candle












Sympathy Flowers







Arnold was born on April 28, 1949 and passed away on Monday, February 27, 2017.
Arnold was a resident of Pierceton, Indiana at the time of passing.
He was graduating from Boardman High School in 1967. He attended Youngstown State University.
He served in the U.S. Marine Corp.
Arnold was married to Marsha.
Friends and family may call on Sunday March 5 2017 from 2-5 p.m. at Thompson-Lengacher Yoder Funeral Home Nappanee and for an hour prior to the 11 a.m. funeral service which will take place on Monday March 6 at the Nappanee Missionary Church Chapel. Pastors Christopher Knight and Jason Rohde will officiate. Cremation will follow the service.
Memorial contributions may be given to the Nappanee Missionary Church co Divorce Care for Children.










Send Condolences

Previous





Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks




Next







SEARCH OTHER SOURCES








Friends and family may call on Sunday March 5 2017 from 2-5 p.m. at Thompson-Lengacher  Yoder Funeral Home Nappanee and for an hour prior to the 11 a.m. funeral service which will take place on Monday March 6 at the Nappanee Missionary Church Chapel. Pastors Christopher Knight and Jason Rohde will officiate. Cremation will follow the service.











Create An Online Memorial For Arnold Paul Milliron
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Arnold's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Select An Online Memorial Product:


Photo Obituary
						



Eternal Tribute
					



Military Tribute
					





View Example


View Example


View Example




View Example




$10.00
			
				
		Photo Obituary
		
Share that special photograph of your loved one with everyone. Document family connections, service information, special times and priceless moments for all to remember and cherish forever with support for unlimited copy.

Processing...

Upgrade





View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Eternal Tribute
	

Online multimedia memorial with unlimited pictures, videos, music and more
Elegant, immersive format honors your loved one
Customizable themes, backgrounds and music give it that personal touch
Interactive Guest Book lets everyone share their memories and provide support


Processing...

Upgrade





			Tributes.com online obituaries now support Integrated Fundraisers powered by:
			
			If you create a GiveForward Fundraiser with your online obituary, it will be provided at no charge (a $50 value, discounted at checkout).
		








View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Military Tribute
		
	

Enjoy all the features of the Eternal Tribute
Preserve the memory and sacrifices of a loved one’s national service
Choose from five elegant military branch themes
Highlight military service details
Unlimited photos and military record information


Processing...

Upgrade













				Memories & Candles
			






							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						












	        Page: 1 of 2



1



2




Next »
















Loved Arnold, my old Robinhood Lane Elementary buddy. We worked in the school cafeteria, him scraping plates and me spraying them off. He was a simple country boy but had a winning smile and a good heart. I'm glad that he still walked with the Lord. We lost touch after graduation from BHS but I see he became a Marine. Seems ironic, he joined the Marines and I, the Navy graduating from USNA in 1971. No one could ever talk badly of old Arnold. Miss him greatly.




			
				
				Posted by: David Martin - Antioch,  CA   Mar 10, 2017
			










Arn and I both attended Hillman St. Christian Church in Youngstown, OH  Lost contact with each other and read the Area Deaths in our paper and just want you all to know I am thinking of you and praying for you.  Arn is absent from his body but now present with is Lord and Savior.




			
				
				Posted by: Paula Anderson - Boardman,  OH   Mar 06, 2017
			










So sorry to hear of Arnold's passing. We will miss the surprise visits from him, but will cherish each one we got during his living.  He had a great deal of love for everyone and we cherish that also. Know that we are  thinking of all of you at this time,wishing we could be there, but knowing God will be with you and comfort you.  Love




			
				
				Posted by: June Farmery - Rochester Mills,  PA   Mar 06, 2017
			












Love to your whole family as you mourn the loss of Arnold. May you sense the peace that only God can give.




			
				
				Posted by: Sandy Vekasy - Springfield,  MO   Mar 03, 2017
			










We are so sorry for your loss....Prayers for you and your family!!..Love you in Christ!!




			
				
				Posted by: Rosa Ramirez - San Elizario,  TX   Mar 02, 2017
			










We are so glad that we got to know Arnold and Marsha.  Our prayers are with the family at this time of your loss.  May God  be with each of you in a special way.




			
				
				Posted by: Ron and Carol Klotz - Milford,  IN   Mar 02, 2017
			










We are so sorry to hear about your loss. So many good memories of Arnold and what he meant to you, his smile and fun loving ways. You are in our thoughts and prayers. May God comfort you through this difficult time.Willie and Charlene Stutzman




			
				
				Posted by: A friend   Mar 02, 2017
			










We have wonderful memories including the digging potatoes in the snow!  We love you Marsha and we care.  Wish we could be there with you and your family.  We are praying for you all.




			
				
				Posted by: Norm and Eunice Hunsberger - Estero,  FL   Mar 02, 2017
			










So Sorry to hear about Arnold. Always enjoyed his smile and friendship. He will be missed. May God give you and your family comfort, Marcia, in the days ahead. You are in our Prayers.Char and Larry Wagner




			
				
				Posted by: Larry Wagner - Nappanee,  IN   Mar 01, 2017
			










Words can't express how blessed I was to become friends with Arnold and Marsha through DivorceCare. Arnold was a true servant of God and he will be greatly missed. I KNOW  he is rejoicing in Heaven!!




			
				
				Posted by: Julie Hyche     Mar 01, 2017
			







	        Page: 1 of 2



1



2




Next »








Send Condolences




Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks


















- ADVERTISEMENT -

















At Tributes.com we believe that Every Life has a Story  that deserves to be told and preserved.
Tributes.com is the online source for current local and national obituary news and a supportive community where friends and family can come together during times of loss and grieving to honor the memories of their loved ones with lasting personal tributes.
© 2017 Tributes, Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map




About

About Us
Media Center
Advertise with Us
Join our Media Network
Visit Legacy.com




Partners

Funeral Home Partners
Television & Radio Partners
Business Partners



Customer Service

FAQ
Contact Us
Latest Obituaries
Pet Tributes



Funeral Homes

Find a Funeral Home
Become a Partner
Partner Information
Funeral Home Central












































Paul Arnold - Product Design












skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






Paul Arnold - Product Design

















Monday, 4 January 2010








Light Patterns





Some shots that I took whilst experimenting with a new digital camera. You can view others at my flickr photostream, please comment and tell me what you think. Flickr





Posted by



Paul Arnold




at

07:14





No comments:
    


























Thursday, 10 December 2009








Computer Mouse Project





Some final designs of the digital design project I have been undertaking over the past 10 weeks. The stylised computer mouse has finally been designed and this image shows a few of the renderings I produced. I will upload some further images of the designs onto my flickr account in due course.





Posted by



Paul Arnold




at

19:27





No comments:
    


























Monday, 7 December 2009








3D Modelling





A selection of shots from my project on designing a ergonomic computer mouse. The idea behind the design was for it to be a mouse that's design was completely based around being as comfortable for the user as possible. I will upload some more shots of the designs on my flickr page when developed further.





Posted by



Paul Arnold




at

15:51





No comments:
    


























Tuesday, 1 December 2009








Face It!





The AGV helmet that Valentino Rossi used in the 2008 Italian GP race in Mugello was destined to be a popular replica design from when it was unveiled. The imagery used on the helmet was inspired by Edvard Munch's painting 'The Scream', and was also described by Rossi himself as the expression on his face as he applies the brakes at the end of Mugello's extremely long start/finish straight. Not only can you purchase a replica of the helmet that Rossi used, but you can also see a version of you own face on a helmet in similar style, checkout other people's attempts and see the whole collection of past Rossi helmet designs on this website Valentino's Face





Posted by



Paul Arnold




at

15:56





No comments:
    


























Tuesday, 17 November 2009








Hand Shoe Mouse by Hippus





 This is a product that typifies a use of complete ergonomic consideration in its design. Hippus is a company extremely concerned with innovative design and creating ergonomically focused products. The Hand Shoe Mouse is a product of theirs that shows this. It has been specifically designed to fit the users hand in the most comfortably possible way, and has been manufactured for either left or right handed people. Most computer mice are symmetrical, but this is not always the most comfortable form of use. Hippus have done extensive research into the health issues involved in using more traditional products and have designed a product that can eradicate these. Find out more about this product at Hippus





Posted by



Paul Arnold




at

14:16





No comments:
    


























Sunday, 15 November 2009








Stefano Giovannoni - Pure Design





 Pure forms of product design by one of the most accomplished and leading names in the field. Italian designer Stefano Giovannoni contributes much of his intelligent and contemporary designs to leading manufacturers such as the Italian design factory ALESSI and automotive company FIAT. His work inspires me as a designer to try to achieve the same levels of character and the emotional effects created by his work. Take a look at more of his products at GIOVANNONI DESIGN





Posted by



Paul Arnold




at

20:24





No comments:
    































Conceptual Drawings - Family Orientated Kitchen Utensil





This was work I produced for a first year project in which I had to propose an incremental re-design for an existing product on the market. The product I eventually designed was a family orientated potato ricer that is aimed for the use of children between the ages of 5 and 10 to use with their parents. I came up with the idea as a response to the market research and analysis I had studied about the market trends and also the growing public awareness of healthy eating and also healthy eating in school. In terms of the design considerations that were made, I chose to use images of frogs and aliens as inspiration for the design as can be seen from the conceptual drawings. The idea of the project was to make the product appealing to my chosen target audience. Also to use design as a way of involving children in the kitchen and creating an interest that reflects various healthy eating campaigns including those undertaken by TV chef Jamie Oliver.





Posted by



Paul Arnold




at

15:02





No comments:
    




























Older Posts

Home




Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)







Followers



















Blog Archive








        ▼ 
      



2010

(1)





        ▼ 
      



January

(1)

Light Patterns










        ► 
      



2009

(7)





        ► 
      



December

(3)







        ► 
      



November

(4)

















About Me




Paul Arnold


Leeds, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom
I study Design and Technology Management at the University of Leeds, and I am currently in my second year.
My course allows me to study the areas of marketing, materials and technology and also has a huge focus on design. Especially in the areas of innovative product design and manufacture.

View my complete profile













 

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




