




ARRIS | Powering Your Digital World
































 

THE PEOPLE OF ARRIS





Powering Your Digital World

how we stay ahead











learn more 
About what we offer







SOLUTIONS 
SERVICES 
PRODUCTS 




Click here to learn about end-to-end ARRIS solutions that combine our hardware, software and service innovations. 
Explore how the people of ARRIS can help you get the most out of your service delivery investments.
Learn about the ARRIS innovations that are powering exciting new communications and entertainment experiences. 



FIND OUT MORE










 






















Learn more about
Surfboard Consumer Products

Visit SURFboard.com   








DOCSIS 3.1 Gigabit Broadband Devices

Learn More   







Solution
The Wi-Fi Connected Home

Visit Solution Page   







ARRIS to Acquire
Ruckus Wi-Fi & ICX Switch Business

Visit Investor Relations   







2016
Corporate Responsibility Report

Download Report   








Delivering Performance in Wi-Fi

Visit Our ARRIS Racing Site   























Tweets by @ARRIS













 



            Get Technical Support for Businesses

        


 








Viewing ARRIS at home?
Visit our consumer site
























Support | ARRIS






























Support
The people of ARRIS are here when you need us, and we’re ready to provide the information, tools, or assistance you need to overcome any issue, large or small.









CONSUMER TECHNICAL SUPPORT FOR HOME USERS
ARRIS provides consumers technical support on home networking products 24x7 via FAQ. We also provide chat, email and phone support 7am to 12am CT (USA) Saturday - Sunday.








 

Consumer Support
General FAQs, Product Documentation, Videos







 

Drivers and Firmware
Find the latest firmware and driver software for our home routers and DSL hardware.







 

User Guides
Product Documentation, User Guides, Quick Start Guide








 

Shop ARRIS & Legacy Motorola Batteries
Order batteries for ARRIS and Legacy Motorola products
















Mso and Telco technical support
ARRIS has talented technical support engineers around the world to provide you with expert technical support on a broad range of products and services to help you support the needs of your customers.











 

Create/Update Membership
New user registration, User ID or password help, or Activate your account






 

Check Order Status
Review order status by order number






 

Ask.ARRIS.com
Portal to manage technical support cases, Search knowledge base, and Access technical documentation






 

Training
Browse the training catalog or sign up for training courses






 

Software
Find the latest software and firmware releases and release notes






 

Product Lead Times
Check out Cable/Telco product lead times






 

Serial Data
Obtain your serial numbers or get your MACID data file






 

NAS-RAC
National Authorization Service - Regional Access Controller






 

Ownership & Warranty Verification
Look up warranty by serial number 






 

Repair Services
Information on expert repairs and option contracts for extended warranty and/or advanced replacement services


































Products | ARRIS





























Products
Learn about the ARRIS innovations that are powering exciting new communications and entertainment experiences.










Video Processing and Delivery
Optimize delivery of superior content experiences with a range of products for the video headend.



View Video Processing and Delivery   





Broadband Delivery
Reach new levels of cost-effective network capacity with CCAP, DOCSIS 3.1, HFC, PON and Managed Wi-Fi.



View Broadband Delivery   





Access Networking
Deliver reliable multi-gigabit broadband services over HFC & PON infrastructure.



View Access Networking   





Broadband and Video Devices
Create your ideal portfolio of subscriber devices for the home and enterprise.



View Broadband and Video Devices   





Customer Experience Management
Improve consumer satisfaction and reduce support costs using proactive service management and workforce automation tools.



View Customer Experience Management   











 Contact Us
                











OR SELECT BY MARKET




Cable

View Products








Telco

View Products








Programmers/ Broadcasters

View Products








Over The Top

View Products








Enterprise

View Products








Satellite

View Products















NEWEST PRODUCTS







Mi4 Cable IP Client Set-Top

ATSC, HEVC, UHD IP Client Set-Top with MoCA®2.0 and TiVo®                        







NVG46x Ethernet Voice Gateways

802.11ac Wi-Fi and MoCA®2.0                        







MG2 Cable Media Gateway

ATSC, HEVC, UHD Media Gateway with MoCA®2.0 & TiVo®                        




























Consumers | ARRIS





























Consumers
The number one selling cable modem










SOLUTIONS FOR CONSUMERS
OFF THE HOOK INTERNET SPEEDS
Get the ultimate Internet experience – faster download speeds, HD video streaming without buffering, online gaming with virtually no lag and enhanced security features to keep your network safe. Power your home with ARRIS SURFboard modems for the ultimate surfing experience!
ARRIS Consumer Modems and Gateways are available at a variety of retailers and at shop.surfboard.com. Learn more at www.surfboard.com.
SUPPORT FOR CONSUMERS
FIND MANUALS, TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDES, BACKUP BATTERIES, FAQS, VIDEOS, EU PRODUCT DECLARATION OF CONFORMITIES (DoC), AND MORE
For Consumer modem and gateway support, please visit our Consumer Care site. Self-help is available 24x7 via Frequently Asked Questions. We also provide chat, email and phone support.
Consumers can find USB Drivers, User Guides, and Warranty support information for our Touchstone and SURFboard brands on the ARRIS Consumer Care Center.
  Consumers can find information on Touchstone products for Japan here.
日本向けの Touchstone 製品の情報を こちらよりご覧いただけます。

























Global Services | ARRIS





























Services
Know-how that counts when you want to get to market faster, drive customer satisfaction higher and turn investments into revenue










 
Having delivered some of history's biggest and most complicated network projects, our broadband and video experience and expertise is unmatched.

 
Experienced and trusted the world over
ARRIS is trusted across the globe as a results driven partner with the experience to tackle a wide range of challenges, while keeping video, broadband and backbone data networks optimized and meeting customer demand 24/7/365!


Expertise for every project phase
ARRIS draws on experience with thousands of projects for service providers, worldwide. We not only implement technology, we have the expertise and capabilities to help service providers get to market faster, improve customer satisfaction and drive maximum performance from every facet of their video and broadband service.


Your trusted partner in a changing market
Staying at the top of your game in today’s ever-changing digital landscape is critical to profitable operations and customer satisfaction. To ensure success, today and in the future, you need savvy, consultative partners with the expertise to handle the full range of your increasingly diverse needs.
At ARRIS, we stand on a record of experience that’s second to none, and a reputation as a trusted advisor developed over decades of service to the video and broadband industry.
Whatever your project, ARRIS can help you analyze it, consult on it, design it, integrate it, customize it, verify it, deploy it, manage it, document it, train on it, support it, and even operate it.


 

 
Service Practices
ARRIS has the experience and capabilities to tackle the most demanding challenges in four key areas.

Network Transformation

Gigabit Service Transition: FTTH, Fiber Deep, all-IP, DOCSIS® 3.1, CCAP
Installation, Configuration, Commissioning, Migration
Infrastructure Solutions: Headends, Hubs, Central Offices, Data Centers
Logistics Management
Outside Plant Services
Data Center and Fiber-Centric Services
Cell Tower Backhaul

Learn more - Network Transformation Practice

IP Video

IP Video Consulting and Delivery
Cloud-based Video Solutions
nDVR, Time-Shift TV, Content Management and Advertising
Over the Top Solutions
CPE Integration and Custom User Interfaces
Personalized Channels 

Learn more - IP Video Practice

Service Provider Wi-Fi

Turnkey Solutions
Hosted Wi-Fi
Tier 1/Tier 2 Support Services
Design, Deployment and Validation
Small Cell Solutions and Services

Learn more - Service Provider Wi-Fi Practice

Customer Experience

360 Optimization Assessments
Business Requirements and Process Consulting
Contact Center Consulting
Workforce Optimization
OSS/BSS/EMS System Design and Integration
Net Promoter Score Consultancy

Learn more - Customer Experience Practice


 
Service Capabilities
Partnering with ARRIS means you’ll have access to the brightest people to help you grow your business, get to market faster, reduce operating expenses, streamline operations and ensure high service availability.

Consulting
We provide unbiased network planning, technology evolution and business process consulting, leveraging best practices from operator engagements around the world.
Learn more - ARRIS Consulting Services (video)

Outsourcing
We offer staff augmentation, managed services and full scale strategic outsourcing capabilities.
Learn more - ARRIS Outsourcing (video)

Systems Integration
We help architect, design, deploy, operationalize and manage complex, multivendor solutions.
Learn more - ARRIS Systems Integration (video)

Services for Data Centers
Expert resources to help you qualify and add data center and fiber network capacity.
Learn More – ARRIS Services for Data Centers

Lab Services
Our expert validation engineers can develop and execute procedures for migrations and introductions of new equipment to your network. 
Learn more - ARRIS Lab Services (video)

Customer Support
ARRIS has you covered with 24/7 technical support, repair services, and an all-access portal for all of the updates and resources you need. 
Learn more - ARRIS Customer Support

Knowledge Services
ARRIS provides standard and custom documentation, hands-on training, online training, internationalization and certification services.
Learn more - ARRIS Knowledge Services

 

 
 Contact Us 
 























Solutions | ARRIS






























Our Solutions 
Learn about end-to-end ARRIS solutions that combine our hardware, software and service innovations. 










 Contact Us
            




Discover our solutions





Content Security


Proven and approved content protection                         








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







Wi-Fi Connected Home


Connecting reliable, high-performance Wi-Fi to every device, in every corner of the home                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







DOCSIS 3.1 Migration


Integrating DOCSIS 3.1 into existing networks                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







Carrier-Grade Wi-Fi


Enabling deployment of service provider and venue Wi-Fi solutions                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







OBI-Free RFoG


Unlock the full potential of fiber to the premises                         








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







Service Assurance


Improve customers’ experience and increase operational efficiency through transformational change in service assurance                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







nDVR


Bringing Intelligence to nDVR and Cloud-Based Services 	                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







UltraHD TV


Delivering Ultra HD Video                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







IP Video


Supporting an IP Video Multiscreen World                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        







DOCSIS 3.1 and CCAP


Achieving Gigabit Speeds to the Home                        








                                            Learn More

                                               
                                        




























Channel Login | ARRIS






























ARRIS |  Login



Channel Login








ARRIS welcomes partners to use the below button to login to the Channel Portal and access our online tools
For those ARRIS partner contacts yet to register for their easy single sign-on (SSO) login simply click here and follow the instructions to register.  Once registered you will be able to access a vast range of tools, materials and benefits offered by ARRIS:

Sales enablement materials such as ARRIS technical datasheets, product webinar recordings, presentations, price lists, lead time information, and more
Marketing Wizard free online co-branding toolkit
Access to the ARRIS promotional goods store
Customer Experience Centre visit booking system
ARRIS Academy for all training courses
Ask ARRIS for technical support
DigitalCM & sso.arrisi.com for firmware updates
Orders/shipping to see order status
Serial Number to check Serial Numbers associated to your shipments
Warranty Info to see if your equipment is still under warranty

To hear all about the above, and more, please click here, and listen to a short introductory navigation around the Channel Portal.
ARRIS works together with Value Added Resellers to develop strategic geographic and vertical markets for mutual benefit.  The aim of the ARRIS Value Added Reseller relationship is to help provide localized delivery of customer maintenance and support in a most efficient manner. ARRIS has a Worldwide Channel Program and is keen to work with Value Added Resellers who can demonstrate the following:

A synergy and technical expertise to fit with the integration of the product and service portfolio
Specific and intimate local market and customer knowledge, including language and local on-site installation and maintenance support capabilities
A willingness to work together with ARRIS in the promotion of mutually beneficial business opportunities and the development of applications

For any prospect ARRIS Channel Partners wishing to work with ARRIS we invite you to review the Guidelines for our Worldwide Channel Program and apply online by clicking here.
For any questions relating to the Channel Portal or the Channel Program in general please direct them to Channel Sales.






Sign Into Your Account





















ARRIS International plc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 5:23 PM ET
Communications Equipment

Company Overview of ARRIS International plc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ARRIS International plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides media entertainment and data communications solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Customer Premises Equipment and Network & Cloud. The Customer Premises Equipment segment offers various product solutions, including set-top boxes, gateways, digital subscriber lines and cable modems, and wireless connectivity or other wired connectivity products that enable service providers to offer voice, video, and high-speed data services to residential and business subscribers. The Network & Cloud segment provides cable modem termination system, converged cable access platform, passive optical...
ARRIS International plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides media entertainment and data communications solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Customer Premises Equipment and Network & Cloud. The Customer Premises Equipment segment offers various product solutions, including set-top boxes, gateways, digital subscriber lines and cable modems, and wireless connectivity or other wired connectivity products that enable service providers to offer voice, video, and high-speed data services to residential and business subscribers. The Network & Cloud segment provides cable modem termination system, converged cable access platform, passive optical network, service provider and programmer equipment, Ad insertion technologies, and equipment in the ground or on transmission poles, as well as equipment used to initiate the distribution of content-carrying signals. This segment also offers technical support, professional services, and systems integration capabilities; software products that enable providers to deliver content and advertising services; network management products that collect information from the broadband network; and customer experience management solutions, as well as network surveillance and issue correlation software and services. The company was formerly known as ARRIS Group, Inc. and changed its name to ARRIS International plc in January 2016. ARRIS International plc was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Suwanee, Georgia.
Detailed Description


3871 Lakefield DriveSuwanee, GA 30024United StatesFounded in 19697,020 Employees



Phone: 678-473-2000

Fax: 678-473-8470

www.arrisi.com







Key Executives for ARRIS International plc




Mr. Bruce W. McClelland


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 50
        

Total Annual Compensation: $653.3K








Mr. Robert J. Stanzione


      	Executive Chairman
      


Age: 69
        

Total Annual Compensation: $933.3K








Mr. David B. Potts


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 59
        

Total Annual Compensation: $545.0K








Mr. Lawrence Robinson 


      	President of Customer Premises Equipment
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: $490.0K








Mr. Timothy R. O'Loughlin


      	President of North American Sales
      


Age: 43
        

Total Annual Compensation: $450.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

ARRIS International plc Key Developments

Mediacom Communications Selects ARRIS to Provide Hosted, Carrier-Class Wi-Fi
Jul 19 17
ARRIS International plc announced that Mediacom Communications Corporation selected the hosted version of its Carrier-Class Service Provider Wi-Fi Solution to deliver Wi-Fi and advanced services beyond the home in multiple cities. The hosted solution leverages Mediacom's existing wireless infrastructure to deliver new public Wi-Fi services quickly and at scale, without requiring large, upfront capital expenditures. It integrates all of Mediacom's wireless assets into a single, centrally managed Wi-Fi network 'offering subscribers the convenience of single sign-on Wi-Fi roaming within Mediacom's footprint, and potentially even beyond. The system allows guests to sign on to the network using a simple text-based sign-in. The ARRIS Carrier Class Service Provider Wi-Fi Solution also gives Mediacom a platform that can quickly capitalize on new service opportunities that arise in small-medium business, hospitality, education, venue and other vertical markets. Mediacom will have access to highly reliable, carrier-grade products delivered by ARRIS's partners, including Ruckus, Aptilo Networks, and Benu Networks. The ARRIS Carrier-Class Service Provider Wi-Fi Solution is available worldwide and provides a profitable, low capital-investment entry point for operators to efficiently add new Wi-Fi services to their offerings.


ARRIS International plc Launches First Gateway with ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee®
Jul 12 17
ARRIS International plc launched the ARRIS SURFboard® SBG7580-AC cable modem gateway with ARRIS® Secure Home Internet by McAfee® exclusively at BestBuy.com. A combination gigabit cable modem, Wi-Fi® router, Ethernet hub and home internet security center, the SBG7580-AC gateway is fast, secure, easy-to-use and eliminates monthly rental fees. As the first broadband gateway featuring McAfee's Secure Home Internet, the SBG7580-AC moves the security burden off individual connected devices and onto home internet's first point of entry for easier and better protection. Cyberattacks in the connected home are a growing consumer concern. A recent McAfee study revealed that 81% of consumers think it's important that their online identity and internet-connected devices are secure. As consumers install increasing numbers of connected devices into their home, savvy cybercriminals have morphed their focus to those new devices, knowing that many consumers fail to take the proper security precautions to protect themselves. Today, any device that connects to the internet is a potential target if not properly secured. This is why ARRIS partnered with McAfee, to enable security at the point where data flows in and out of the home. Product Highlights: Ultimate Performance: Capable of blazing-fast gigabit speeds, the SBG7580-AC features a DOCSIS® 3.0 modem, 802.11ac Wi-Fi router and 4-port gigabit Ethernet hub in one product, making it ideal for whole families, avid streamers and downloaders, plus gamers who need a fast and reliable connection. Connect and Protect – One Product and Protection For Devices: The SBG7580-AC has ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee protection built right into the gateway, which means no additional software to install. As the entry point for the internet into the home, the SBG7580-AC can protect the devices connected to network, by helping to stop malware, phishing, and more from reaching a connected device, including internet-connected appliances and products like smart thermostats, speakers and cameras. Easy to Use, More Control for Parents: According to a recent study from McAfee, 80% of parents are concerned with their children's online interactions. With automatic device discovery and profiling, there's minimal setup and no additional software installation required. The SBG7580-AC also offers comprehensive parental controls, allowing consumers to set custom access and controls by user and device profile, block children from accessing inappropriate content and pause internet access for a specific device or the whole network. Savings: The SBG7580-AC eliminates monthly modem rental fees from internet providers, which can save as much as $120 a year. It also comes with three years of ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee protection for free, an approximate $240 savings. Take Your Security with You: McAfee security doesn't end with gateway. To extend the security benefits beyond home network, all owners receive McAfee LiveSafe™ software, which provides antivirus, identity and privacy protection, free for 90 days. That means PCs, Macs, smartphones and tablets stay protected with McAfee software whether are at home or away.


ARRIS Seeks Acquisitions
Jun 15 17
ARRIS International plc (NasdaqGS:ARRS) is seeking acquisitions opportunities to add value for its shareholders.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 21st Century Telesis II Inc United States 21st Century Wireless Group, Inc. United States 360 Systems, Inc. United States 4L Technologies Inc. United States A-B-Sea Research, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Buyback

			      March 23, 2017
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      February 22, 2017
			    
Ruckus Wireless, Inc. and ICX Switch Business





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ARRIS International plc, please visit www.arrisi.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿
































Envivio (ENVI) & ARRIS International PLC (NASDAQ:ARRS) Financial Comparison - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Envivio Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Envivio Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Highland Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Lennar Corporation (NYSE:LEN)
GasLog LP. (NYSE:GLOG) Stake Decreased by Searle & CO.
BankUnited, Inc. (NYSE:BKU) Position Boosted by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
Aperio Group LLC Boosts Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (NYSE:MKC)
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Purchases Shares of 20,000 China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (NYSE:CHL)
Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (EXPD) Shares Sold by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
Kyocera Corporation (NYSE:KYO) Shares Bought by Highland Capital Management LLC
Kessler Investment Group LLC Buys Shares of 500 Tesla Inc. (TSLA)
First National Bank of Omaha Sells 415 Shares of Methode Electronics, Inc. (MEI)
First National Bank of Omaha Has $4.24 Million Stake in Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS)
Unifirst Corporation (NYSE:UNF) Shares Sold by BTIM Corp.
Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK) Stake Decreased by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:DISCK)
Statoil ASA (NYSE:STO) Stake Maintained by Bennicas & Associates Inc.
Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Purchases 1,357 Shares of UBS AG (UBS)
Kirr Marbach & Co. LLC IN Increases Position in Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT)
Peregrine Capital Management LLC Sells 2,867 Shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (NYSE:BCC)
BankUnited, Inc. (BKU) Stake Boosted by First National Bank of Omaha
Bennicas & Associates Inc. Has $1,716,000 Position in Wheaton Precious Metals Corp (SLW)
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Buys 15,341 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF)




 


Envivio (ENVI) & ARRIS International PLC (NASDAQ:ARRS) Financial Comparison

					Posted by Kim Johansen on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Envivio (NASDAQ: ENVI) and ARRIS International PLC (NASDAQ:ARRS) are both technology companies, but which is the better investment? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their institutional ownership, dividends, earnings, risk, analyst recommendations, valuation and profitabiliy. 
Profitability


 Get Envivio Inc alerts:



This table compares Envivio and ARRIS International PLC’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Envivio
-5.31%
-7.98%
-4.76%


ARRIS International PLC
2.69%
15.77%
6.46%






Institutional and Insider Ownership
87.3% of ARRIS International PLC shares are held by institutional investors. 1.2% of ARRIS International PLC shares are held by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, large money managers and endowments believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.
Analyst Ratings
This is a summary of current ratings and target prices for Envivio and ARRIS International PLC, as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Envivio
0
0
0
0
N/A


ARRIS International PLC
0
2
7
0
2.78


ARRIS International PLC has a consensus price target of $33.67, indicating a potential upside of 19.68%. Given ARRIS International PLC’s  higher probable upside, analysts clearly believe ARRIS International PLC is more favorable than Envivio.
Valuation and Earnings
This table compares Envivio and ARRIS International PLC’s gross revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Envivio
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


ARRIS International PLC
$6.70 billion
0.79
$782.64 million
$0.93
30.25


ARRIS International PLC has higher revenue and earnings than Envivio. 
Summary
ARRIS International PLC beats Envivio on 8 of the 8 factors compared between the two stocks.
Envivio Company Profile
Envivio, Inc. is a provider of software-based Internet protocol (IP) video processing and distribution solutions that enable the delivery of video to consumers. The Company’s solutions enable service providers and content providers to offer video across a range of video formats, networks, consumer devices and operating systems. The Company enables service providers and content providers to deliver linear broadcast and on-demand video services to their customers via various screens, such as televisions, tablets, smartphones, laptops, personal computers (PCs) and gaming devices. The Company’s product line includes Muse, Halo, Envivio appliances and Guru. Its software-based solution delivers a converged multi-screen service for traditional Pay-television, and across mobile, broadband and managed networks. The Company’s solution enables the transport of video through different networks, such as broadband and mobile networks, or traditional cable and satellite broadcast networks.
ARRIS International PLC Company Profile
ARRIS International plc is a media entertainment and data communications solutions provider. The Company operates in two segments: Customer Premises Equipment (CPE), and Network & Cloud (N&C). The Company enables service providers, including cable, telephone, and digital broadcast satellite operators, and media programmers to deliver media, voice and Internet Protocol (IP) data services to their subscribers. It is engaged in offering set-tops, digital video and IP television (IPTV) distribution systems, broadband access infrastructure platforms, and associated data and voice CPE, which it also sells directly to consumers through retail channels. Its solutions are complemented by an array of services, including technical support, repair and refurbishment, and system design and integration. The CPE segment consists of CPE Products-Video and CPE Products-Broadband. The N&C segment consists of Infrastructure Products, Cloud Software and Global Services.






Receive News & Ratings for Envivio Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Envivio Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website



































































						$0.50 EPS Expected for ARRIS International plc (ARRS); Disciplined Growth Investors Has Raised Its Mercury Sys Com (MRCY) Holding - Bibey Post								







 






















 

























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






$0.50 EPS Expected for ARRIS International plc (ARRS); Disciplined Growth Investors Has Raised Its Mercury Sys Com (MRCY) Holding


					
						July 21, 2017 - By Nellie Frank


Disciplined Growth Investors Inc increased Mercury Sys Inc Com (MRCY) stake by 6.07% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Disciplined Growth Investors Inc acquired 13,175 shares as Mercury Sys Inc Com (MRCY)’s stock rose 3.33%. The Disciplined Growth Investors Inc holds 230,275 shares with $6.96M value, up from 217,100 last quarter. Mercury Sys Inc Com now has $2.12B valuation. The stock rose 0.34% or $0.15 reaching $44.21 per share. About 67,339 shares traded. Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) has risen 91.74% since July 21, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 75.04% the S&P500.







 Analysts expect ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) to report $0.50 EPS on August, 2 after the close.They anticipate $0.31 EPS change or 38.27% from last quarter’s $0.81 EPS. ARRS’s profit would be $94.55M giving it 14.12 P/E if the $0.50 EPS is correct. After having $0.33 EPS previously, ARRIS International plc’s analysts see 51.52% EPS growth. About 205,337 shares traded. ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) has risen 22.70% since July 21, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 6.00% the S&P500.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.07 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.09, from 1.16 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 10 investors sold MRCY shares while 66 reduced holdings. 27 funds opened positions while 54 raised stakes. 37.98 million shares or 3.33% more from 36.76 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Oberweis Asset Mngmt Inc invested in 0.08% or 8,300 shares. Jpmorgan Chase & accumulated 128,346 shares or 0% of the stock. Deutsche Savings Bank Ag has invested 0% of its portfolio in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Aqr Capital Limited Liability Com invested in 27,270 shares. Brant Point Llc has invested 0.14% of its portfolio in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Swiss Bankshares holds 0% of its portfolio in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) for 66,400 shares. G2 Inv Prtnrs Mngmt Ltd holds 109,299 shares. Creative Planning accumulated 0% or 207 shares. Mackenzie Corp owns 0% invested in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) for 14,138 shares. Sterling Ltd Liability Company invested in 0.01% or 51,252 shares. Blair William Co Il has 148,739 shares for 0.04% of their portfolio. State Street Corp has invested 0% in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). The New York-based Citigroup Inc has invested 0% in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Nationwide Fund Advisors reported 72,130 shares stake. Peak6 Invests Lp invested 0% of its portfolio in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY).
Among 8 analysts covering Mercury (NASDAQ:MRCY), 6 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 75% are positive. Mercury had 10 analyst reports since August 25, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock has “Buy” rating by SunTrust on Thursday, January 19. Citigroup initiated the shares of MRCY in report on Friday, June 10 with “Buy” rating. Jefferies maintained Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) rating on Friday, July 7. Jefferies has “Hold” rating and $4300 target. On Friday, May 26 the stock rating was maintained by Jefferies with “Hold”. The stock has “Neutral” rating by Sidoti on Thursday, March 17. On Tuesday, January 24 the stock rating was upgraded by Bank of America to “Buy”. As per Tuesday, August 25, the company rating was initiated by Drexel Hamilton. The firm has “Buy” rating by Suntrust Robinson given on Thursday, January 19. Robert W. Baird initiated the stock with “Outperform” rating in Thursday, October 6 report.
Since January 30, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 9 insider sales for $4.13 million activity. Another trade for 30,000 shares valued at $1.21M was made by THIBAUD DIDIER M C on Monday, May 8. 9,600 Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) shares with value of $362,903 were sold by ASLETT MARK.
Among 12 analysts covering Arris Group Inc. (NASDAQ:ARRS), 10 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 83% are positive. Arris Group Inc. had 26 analyst reports since July 24, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Friday, July 29 the stock rating was maintained by Jefferies with “Buy”. Needham maintained the shares of ARRS in report on Thursday, July 30 with “Buy” rating. Drexel Hamilton initiated the shares of ARRS in report on Friday, July 24 with “Buy” rating. On Tuesday, February 21 the stock rating was initiated by Northland Capital with “Market Perform”. The stock has “Buy” rating by Needham on Thursday, February 23. RBC Capital Markets maintained ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) rating on Thursday, July 30. RBC Capital Markets has “Outperform” rating and $38 target. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Monday, June 5 by RBC Capital Markets. The rating was downgraded by Goldman Sachs on Monday, March 14 to “Neutral”. The rating was maintained by Barclays Capital on Thursday, February 18 with “Overweight”. The firm has “Buy” rating by Needham given on Thursday, October 29.
Investors sentiment increased to 1.5 in Q4 2016. Its up 1.17, from 0.33 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 1 investors sold ARRIS International plc shares while 1 reduced holdings. 2 funds opened positions while 1 raised stakes. 557,538 shares or 14.36% more from 487,535 shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Gemmer Asset Mngmt Ltd Limited Liability Company invested 0% of its portfolio in ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS). Toth Fin Advisory Corporation owns 0.09% invested in ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) for 10,680 shares. Vantage Inv Lc, Pennsylvania-based fund reported 2,251 shares. First Financial Bank Of Omaha invested in 0.11% or 64,640 shares. Schwartz Counsel Inc has invested 0.65% in ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS). Baxter Bros invested in 1.65% or 169,830 shares.
ARRIS International plc is a media entertainment and data communications solutions provider. The company has market cap of $5.34 billion. The Firm operates in two divisions: Customer Premises Equipment , and Network & Cloud (N&C). It has a 30.17 P/E ratio. The Firm enables service providers, including cable, telephone, and digital broadcast satellite operators, and media programmers to deliver media, voice and Internet Protocol (IP) data services to their subscribers.








By Nellie Frank
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Euclid Advisors Decreased By $466,200 Its Icon Plc (ICLR) Stake, River and Mercantile Group PLC (LON:RIV) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


Virtus Investment Advisers Has Boosted Lincoln Natl Ind (LNC) Holding; Takung Art (NYSEMKT:TKAT) SI Decreased By 58.33%


Fdx Advisors Has Raised Its Nucor Com (NUE) Stake, Last Week Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) Coverage


Compton Capital Management Upped Honeywell International (HON) Stake By $870,550; Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Columbia Banking System (COLB)


Nikko Asset Management Americas Raised Entergy (ETR) Holding; 3I GROUP ORDINARY (TGOPF) Sellers Increased By 1.75% Their Shorts


Franklin Resources Has Cut Its Glaxosmithkline Plc (GSK) Stake, Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Shorts Decreased By 0.19%


Brown Brothers Harriman & Co Has Lifted Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position By $1.99 Million; Ack Asset Management Boosted Valmont Industries (VMI) Position


Pomelo Capital Has Boosted Its Navistar Intl New (Put) (NAV) Stake, Profile of 3 Analysts Covering Amerisur Resources plc (LON:AMER)


Eam Investors Increased Mueller Water Products  (MWA) Position, Teleflex (TFX) Shorts Up By 16.1%


Wexford Capital LP Cut Enlink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Holding; Connors Investor Services Has Lowered By $1.19 Million Its Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stake







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact


















ARRIS International PLC (NASDAQ:ARRS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows













Сontactos











 Home
/ Deportes
/ ARRIS International PLC (NASDAQ:ARRS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows 



ARRIS International PLC (NASDAQ:ARRS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows

Alonzo Mancillas |
Sábado, Julio 15, 2017







News headlines about ARRIS International PLC (NASDAQ:ARRS) have been trending somewhat positive this week, according to Accern Sentiment. CNA Financial Corp's holdings in ARRIS International PLC were worth $601,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Janus Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of ARRIS International PLC during the fourth quarter worth $208,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC now owns 5,792 shares of the communications equipment provider's stock valued at $153,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in ARRIS International PLC by 60.0% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 12,159 shares of the communications equipment provider's stock valued at $322,000 after buying an additional 564 shares during the last quarter. Strs Ohio raised its position in ARRIS International PLC by 95.0% in the first quarter. The institutional investor bought 43,200 shares of the communications equipment provider's stock, valued at approximately $1,210,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of ARRIS International PLC by 7.4% in the first quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 2,023,368 shares of the communications equipment provider's stock valued at $53,518,000 after buying an additional 24,743 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its stake in ARRIS International PLC by 0.3% in the second quarter. The hedge funds in our partner's database now own: 557,538 shares, up from 487,535 shares in 2016Q3. The stock of ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) earned "Sell" rating by Zacks on Monday, September 21. About 291,921 shares traded. The company has a 50 day moving average of $28.36 and a 200 day moving average of $28.00. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with "Outperform" rating in Thursday, July 30 report. Baxter Bros Incorporated invested 1.65% of its portfolio in ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS). Finally, TheStreet lowered ARRIS International PLC from a "b-" rating to a "c" rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. The communications equipment provider reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.32 by $0.01. ARRIS International PLC had a return on equity of 15.77% and a net margin of 2.69%. The company had revenue of $1.48 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.47 billion. On average, equities research analysts expect that ARRIS International PLC will post $2.51 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and worldwide trademark and copyright legislation. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of worldwide copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/david-potts-sells-2502-shares-of-arris-international-plc-nasdaqarrs-stock/1188594.html.Analysts await ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) to report earnings on July, 26. ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) has risen 22.70% since July 14, 2016 and is uptrending. Jefferies maintained ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) on Friday, July 29 with "Buy" rating. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Monday, June 5 by RBC Capital Markets.On June 15, 2017 BTIG Research started covering ARRS with a rating of "Buy". They set a "buy" rating and a $38.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, ValuEngine cut shares of ARRIS International PLC from a "strong-buy" rating to a "buy" rating in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company's stock. Needham maintained it with "Buy" rating and $32 target in Thursday, February 23 report. Cigna Investments Inc. New acquired a new position in shares of ARRIS International PLC during the fourth quarter worth $204,000. The shares were sold at an average price of $28.13, for a total transaction of $229,090.72. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 90,592 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $2,506,680.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink.Loomis Sayles & Company LP decreased Cypress Semiconductor (NASDAQ:CY) stake by 206,604 shares to 1.51 million valued at $17.27M in 2016Q4.ARRIS International plc is a media entertainment and data communications solutions provider. The Firm operates in two divisions: Customer Premises Equipment, and Network & Cloud (N&C).




Latest News
 

Nearly All Autopsied NFL Players Show Trauma-Linked Brain Disease



Canadian swimmer Masse sets 100-metre backstroke record, makes history



Duane Brown absent as Texans depart for camp



Trail Blazers trade Allen Crabbe to Brooklyn Nets



Mark Streit agrees to one-year deal with Canadiens



Hurricane Hilary (seriously) has just formed off the United States coast



Clint Dempsey ties United States men's goal-scoring record



WR Andrew Hawkins retires two months after signing with Patriots



Paul Pogba says Zlatan Ibrahimovic is still a leader for Manchester United



Carolina Panthers team members arrive for training camp



King breaks women's 100m breaststroke record



Greg Olsen reportedly will not hold out



Brighton's Reaction To Love Island Final



Orlando City Shells Out to Acquire Sporting Kansas City's Dom Dwyer











Martes, Julio 25, 2017  





Popular news



Credit Agricole SA Boosts Position in Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (INN) 
				Wellington Management Group Llp acquired 93,391 shares as Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI)'s stock rose 70.49%. Trading was heavy with 820K shares changing hands on Friday. 114,635 are owned by Great West Life Assurance Can.


López lidera la práctica 3 del WEC en Nurburgring 
				En el segundo entrenamiento, Timo Bernhard, Brendon Hartley y Earl Bamber bajaron el tiempo y con 1:38.663 volvieron a liderar. El sábado 4:45 será el último entrenamiento y la clasificación se pondrá en marcha 9:55 (hora argentina).


Floyd Mayweather confident he's in Conor McGregor's head 
				Now, MMA fans and observers know that McGregor typically does respond / interrupt his opponents, when they're slinging verbal shots at him.


Venus Williams, 37, reaches first Wimbledon final since 2009 
				At 37, Williams is the oldest finalist at the All England Club since Martina Navratilova was the 1994 runner-up at that age. Then, at the Australian Open in January, Williams reached the final, where she lost to yes, you guessed it her sister.


Avanzan clavadistas mexicanos en el Mundial de Natación 
				En nado sincronizado, Joana Jiménez hizo historia, pues en su debut mundial se convirtió en la primera solista mexicana en alcanzar una final en este tipo de eventos.


Agents seize 480 pound pot shipped from Mexico to Warren area 
				In all investigators recovered nine additional packages of marijuana, in four different counties. The vehicle was shipped by train from Mexico to a rail yard in Warren, the release says.


Photo of Beyonce Twins, Now a Month Old, Captivates Internet 
				It does not happen every night, but there are nights that I wake up drenched in sweat. Twitter was ecstatic to see the new little bundles of joy.


Dominion Diamond Corporation (NYSE:DDC) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds 
				COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new position in Dominion Diamond Corporation during the first quarter valued at $182,000.


Billie Joe Armstrong, Rancid's Tim Armstrong Form Punk Supergroup 
				Give it a listen below! Along with Billie Joe's son Joey Armstrong and Tim's nephew Rey Armstrong, the foursome has formed and released a new song for their fans to feast on.


La Juventus rechaza 100 millones por Higuaín — De locos 
				El club italiano no tiene intenciones de salir del jugador de 30 años, ex Real Madrid , y quien la temporada pasada fue el referente en el ataque.


Guwahati: NIA files chargesheet against ULFA terrorists 
				The NIA said that it filed the chargesheet since it has collected all the necessary evidence against the ULFA leaders. The colonial government can not deflect us from our goal", Barua said.


Dramática muerte de toda una familia en la ciudad de Córdoba 
				La fiscal Maldonado explicó a radio Cadena 3 que " todo indica que el hombre habría efectuado los disparos ". El hecho ocurrió minutos antes de las 21.20 y la Policía tomó conocimiento por el alerta de vecinos.


Disney's first 'A Wrinkle in Time' trailer looks just plain magical 
				She discovered A Wrinkle in Time as an adult and connected with the science fantasy story's themes and worldview. I saw so many different kinds of people and personalities in it", she said.


Con Camila Hiruela, las Panteras arrancan su weekend en Polonia 
				Después ingresaron Priscila Bosio, Clarisa Sagardia, Camila Hiruela y Antonela Fortuna. Las chicas argentinas cayeron con parciales de 27-25, 25-22 y 25-8.


It's up to Rockets' brass to acquire Carmelo Anthony — James Harden 
				So people assumed that it was only a matter of time before the 10-time All-Star would be sent packing to the Western Conference. Can they persuade Anthony to stay? This is a discussion that is going to expand past just the Rockets .







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



Nearly All Autopsied NFL Players Show Trauma-Linked Brain Disease




Canadian swimmer Masse sets 100-metre backstroke record, makes history




Duane Brown absent as Texans depart for camp




Trail Blazers trade Allen Crabbe to Brooklyn Nets




Mark Streit agrees to one-year deal with Canadiens




Hurricane Hilary (seriously) has just formed off the United States coast




Clint Dempsey ties United States men's goal-scoring record




WR Andrew Hawkins retires two months after signing with Patriots




Paul Pogba says Zlatan Ibrahimovic is still a leader for Manchester United




Carolina Panthers team members arrive for training camp




King breaks women's 100m breaststroke record




Greg Olsen reportedly will not hold out




Celtics expect Isaiah Thomas to play in Game 2 vs. Bulls




Updated NCAA Bracket 2017: Elite Eight Set




Raiders finally get a visit from LB Zach Brown
















Surfboard™ Products | ARRIS

































                Share This Product
                


Surfboard™ Products
ARRIS home networking and broadband devices for the retail market.







Overview

ARRIS sells broadband devices and home networking equipment to North American consumers under the SURFboard® brand through retailers such as Best Buy, Walmart, Staples, Amazon, Target and more.
The SURFboard range of products enable whole home Wi-Fi and Gigabit home networking. Products include SURFboard Wi-Fi routers and modems with RipCurrent™ technology, which utilize existing power lines via G.hn technology, to expand network coverage.
Many of the retail products have equivalent products for Service Providers which are listed on this site.




 Contact Us
                





Details for Surfboard™ Products
For details of the retail product portfolio, including specifications and support information, please visit Surfboard.com



























ARRIS GLOBAL SERVICES
A trusted ally, providing expert lifecycle services to help service providers transform how they deliver entertainment and communications. With over 850 technical professionals in over 40 countries, ARRIS Global Services helps service providers grow their business by getting to market faster, reducing operating expenses, streamlining operations and ensuring high service availability. Our specialties are data and video applications and infrastructure, and the consumer experience. We provide lifecycle services to help plan, design, implement and operate integrated solutions for ARRIS and third-party products.































ARRIS International Plc (ARRS) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»ARRIS International Plc (ARRS) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 3.17 | About: ARRIS International (ARRS) ARRIS International Plc (NASDAQ:ARRS)
Q1 2017 Earnings Call
May 03, 2017 5:00 pm ET
Executives
Robert Puccini - ARRIS International Plc
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
Dan Whalen - ARRIS International Plc
Analysts
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Greg Mesniaeff - Drexel Hamilton LLC
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Tim Savageaux - Northland Securities, Inc.
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ARRIS International First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode to reduce background noise but later, we'll be holding a question-and-answer session after the prepared remarks and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.
I would now like to introduce your first speaker for today, Bob Puccini of ARRIS Investor Relations. You have the floor, sir.
Robert Puccini - ARRIS International Plc
Thank you, Andrew. And welcome, everyone, to the ARRIS conference call with management. This afternoon we will be discussing our first quarter 2017 results. We will be using a series of slides during our webcast which are posted on the ARRIS website in the Investor Relations section. There will be a replay of this entire call available including our slides on our corporate website for the next 12 months.
Before we begin, let's please go to chart 2. During this call, we may be making forward-looking statements including our outlook and expectations for our industry in general, estimated revenue and earnings, certain financial operating metrics, the timing and the introduction of new products and technologies, anticipated spending patterns by some of our customers and expected sales levels for various product categories.
It is important to note that actual results may differ materially from those suggested by any forward-looking statements which may be made during today's call. For further information in this regard, and for specific examples of risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, please see our recent filings with the SEC.
Now, if we could go on to chart 3. Joining us on the call today are Bruce McClelland, ARRIS CEO; David Potts, Executive Vice President and CFO; Larry Robinson, President-Customer Premises Equipment; and Dan Whalen, President, Network & Cloud.
Now, if we could move on to page 4, I'd like to turn it over to Bruce McClelland. Bruce.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Great. Thanks, Bob, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us. So why don't we go ahead and get started and please turn to slide 5
So I'm pleased to report that our first quarter finished a little stronger than I indicated a few weeks ago at our Investor Conference. Sales in the quarter were at the top end of guidance with non-GAAP revenue of $1.485 billion and non-GAAP EPS result were $0.40 per share similarly at the very high end of guidance.
As the quarter closed out, we had several deals come together with customers needing rapid delivery. While Q1 was certainly a slower start to the year, as we discussed at the Investor Conference, we continue to see momentum increasing as the year progresses. Cash flow in the quarter was excellent with strong collections from shipments late in the fourth quarter 2016. Backlog and book-to-bill were seasonably strong, and DSOs improved from the fourth quarter.
We used a portion of this strong free cash flow to repurchase shares in the first quarter, as well as in April. Dave will share more details on that in a minute. In particular, our international business was very strong, up 33% year-over-year and increasing to 35% of our overall business in the quarter. The team's just done a great job executing on new project wins from earlier last year and translating that into meaningful growth in 2017.

We expect this trend to continue as the year progresses including projects at Liberty Global, Telefónica, J:COM in Japan and NBN in Australia. As expected, our network and cloud segment was down this quarter with lower CMTS sales during the transition period to our Gen 2 technology. And our professional services business was lower due to typical seasonality in that business. This was offset by continued strength in our fiber optics, which is the access technologies business.
Also as expected, our CPE business was down this quarter after a very strong fourth quarter, but broadband sales were up on good demand for advanced gateways and enhanced home networking. This correlates very well with the success our customers are having in the market growing their broadband subscriber base. And we expect the video CPE business to snap back starting in the second quarter.
Please turn to slide 6. As we discussed in detail at the Investor Conference, we expect continued improvement as the year progresses and I believe we are well on track to achieve the full year financial targets we have provided. While the pressure on margin will continue due to higher memory costs, we have much better visibility into demand and see a very solid funnel.
The key technology trends that underpin our business, Fiber Deep programs, DOCSIS 3.1 upgrades, advanced wireless home networking and 4K video are definitely playing out. And the Gen2 upgrade cycle on our E6000 CCAP platform will begin in next quarter. Our customers plan to leverage this platform to provide a variety of distributed access architectures, and we expect to be in commercial deployment of this new network design by the end of the year.
Regarding our upcoming acquisition of the Ruckus Wireless and ICX Switching business from Broadcom and Brocade, we've been making very good progress with behind-the-scenes integration planning. We have already received the necessary anti-trust approvals and now expect the deal to close in the August timeframe after Broadcom closes their deal. Response from customers and channel partners has been very positive, and we're anxious to close the transaction and get on with the next phase of the company's growth plan.
Dave, why don't you go through the financials in a little more detail, and then Larry and Dan will comment on their businesses.
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
Sounds great. Well, thanks, Bruce and thanks, everyone for joining us this afternoon. And I'm very pleased to report on a good quarter.
So, let's go to the financial highlights on chart 8 please. So sales in the first quarter, $1.483 billion and we're at the upper end of our guidance. This compares to $1.759 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $1.615 billion in the first quarter of last year's. Sales in Q1 were reduced by about $2 million as a result of recording a non-cash fair value adjustment related to our warrant program; so excluding this impact, our non-GAAP sales were $1.485 billion.
GAAP gross margin was approximately 23% in the first quarter, down from 25% in the fourth quarter of last year and 24% in the `first quarter of last year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 23% in the first quarter, and again down from both the fourth and the first quarter of last year. In memory pricing, product and customer mix and new product introductions impacted the trends.
Operating expenses were $238 million in the first quarter. We've spent considerable energy on our cost structure post the Pace acquisition and I'm very pleased with our results. Our OpEx run rate is improved by $43 million from the first quarter of 2016, the first quarter in which we owned Pace, and $10 million from the fourth quarter of last year.
Our first quarter 2017 GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.21 which compares to $0.46 profit in the fourth quarter of last year, and a loss of $1.06 in the first quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP EPS was at the high end of our guidance at $0.40 in the quarter which compares to $0.79 in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $0.47 in the first quarter of 2016. And as always, a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results is attached to the press release and you can also find it on our website.

We ended Q1 with $1.217 billion of cash resources, and of course we'll be using a portion of our cash to fund the Ruckus acquisition later this year. Our bank debt ended Q1 just under $2.2 billion and as I'm sure you've read, we completed an amend-and-extend of our term loan B debt in April with very favorable terms. The new maturity is now 2024. I'm very pleased with the outcome. And thank our bank group for their continued support.
Cash from operating activities was approximately $250 million in Q1. And this is up significantly from $35 million in the fourth quarter. The increase was driven by the expected decrease in accounts receivable. And, I will remind you that in the first quarter of 2016, we used $223 million of cash from operating activities which was significantly impacted by the Pace acquisition.
And in the first quarter, we repurchased 3.3 million shares worth – for a total of $83 million. And since quarter end, we've repurchased an additional 1.5 million shares for approximately $39 million. So, that has exhausted our prior authorization and leaves $300 million available under the new authorization we announced at our Investor Day in March. And attached to the presentation is more detail related to our results. And we, of course, are happy to answer any questions you may have.
Let's go to slide 9, please. So, guidance. As Bruce mentioned earlier, we're incrementally positive about our full-year guidance. At this point, we estimate that we'll have GAAP sales of $1.637 billion to $1.687 billion and non-GAAP sales of $1.64 billion to $1.69 billion in the second quarter. We anticipate we'll have GAAP earnings of $0.02 to $0.07 and non-GAAP earnings of $0.55 to $0.60 in the second quarter. And with respect to the full year, we continue to believe we will have sales between $6.6 billion and $6.8 billion with non-GAAP EPS in the range $2.40 to $2.60.
And of course, these numbers exclude our pending acquisition of Ruckus. And a reconciliation of our guidance is also attached to the presentation. And you can too find it on our website. So, with that, thank you very much. And over to you, Larry.
Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Dave. Now, let's turn to chart 11 and look at the Customer Premises Equipment highlights. Segment sales for the quarter finished stronger than planned with continued solid demand for our CPE products. This resulted from a few key customers accelerating inventory consumption late in the quarter and we had some timing improvements in our supply availability.
That said, as Bruce indicated, following a strong fourth quarter in 2016, sales, as expected, were lower sequentially as set-top volumes were down offset by improvements in the broadband portfolio. Sales were also down 3% as compared to Q1 2016 with slight reductions in both video and broadband.
The mix of products for the quarter reflected 40% of our shipments is broadband related, a trend similar to this time last year and one that we expect to continue through the remainder of the year. This trend reflects the ongoing momentum around faster network speeds and improved in-home Wi-Fi solutions.
Direct operating income was down both sequentially and year-on-year. This was in part due to lower sales volumes, commodity price challenges, new product introductions and the effects of the strong U.S. dollar; items consistent with our discussion at our Investor Day conference.
As we look forward to the rest of 2017, it is expected that sales will improve as compared to our Q1 results. Additionally, our team remains very focused on managing and improving the product cost outlook.
From a development pipeline perspective, we have a very exciting portfolio of products coming to market later this year focused on next-generation capabilities including DOCSIS 3.1 gateways incorporating RDK-B and IoT radio support, smaller form factor 4K set-tops that support a variety of user experiences, as well as products for the international market including initial platforms associated with our Telefónica Proteus win that we previously announced.

Now, let's turn to chart 12. Looking at the product areas, broadband portfolio sales increased sequentially. DSL volumes were up as compared to both Q1 and Q4 of 2016, while DOCSIS shipments were relatively flat sequentially and lower year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to see strong customer interest in our DOCSIS 3.1 solutions. We're in the process of quickly ramping production to address demand both domestically and internationally. In addition, we secured another significant win with a major European operator, extending our market position.
Given the progress we've made over the past several months, we project to ship upwards of 2 million DOCSIS 3.1 capable units by year-end, a milestone which reinforces the momentum surrounding this critical technology upgrade cycle.
In the retail area, we announced the industry's first gateway incorporating the RDK-B software solution through collaboration with Comcast and the RDK management team. This 24 downstream DOCSIS telephony gateway is intended to deliver an exceptional experience for XFINITY subscribers looking to own their device. We also launched our DOCSIS 3.1 SURFboard cable modem into the retail channel.
Now, let's turn to chart 13 and transition to video CPE highlights. Revenues were lower sequentially following a strong fourth quarter in all set-top categories. While cable maintained momentum and satellite sales improved as compared to Q1 2016, telco set-top volumes were down. Comcast indication (13:27) partners are indicating strong demand for X1-compatible devices, and we saw the program further expand with the Rogers announcement during the quarter. We anticipate this will create further opportunities for ARRIS products.
In other areas, we supported a North American service provider's launch of a new 4K DVR set-top incorporating a TiVo user experience. And CNS, a Taiwanese cable operator, announced that they selected our latest high-end DVB set-top incorporating our creative software. This solution will support CNS's all digital mandate and provide a platform to deliver next generation digital video experiences.
Finally, we've seen renewed interest particularly in the international markets for Android-based set-tops. During the quarter, we secured multiple wins with operators and have active development programs underway.
As I mentioned earlier, looking forward in 2017, it is expected that segment sales will improve, as customers continue to invest in new platforms tied to the various broadband and video related technology upgrade cycles.
I'll now turn it over to Dan.
Dan Whalen - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Larry.
Let's go to slide 15 and I can give a quick update on the network and cloud businesses. Our quarter results were a little stronger than what we had indicated last month at our Investor Conference with incremental demand for headend optics, nodes and CMTS license capacity. We continue to see momentum in the industry to increase broadband capacity and extend fiber networks. This has had a positive effect on our Access Technology business, with HFC nodes split and Fiber Deep programs driving incremental Node and Optic sales.
As we had expected, CMTS sales were slower in Q1 than prior quarters due to the impact of some shipments pulled forward in Q4 as well as customers waiting on our second generation E6000 line cards. And as Bruce had mentioned, our Services business was lower than prior quarters due to project seasonality.
For the remainder of 2017, we expect to see continued quarter-over-quarter growth as infrastructure deployment activity ramps further, having positive effects on our E6000, Access Technology, Video and Services businesses. We expect to see DOCSIS 3.1 momentum continue to strengthen, which will drive more CMTS sales and continued HFC expansion programs, we have good line of sight to continue growth in our Service business and our Video business is well positioned to capture investments in video hardware and software to support high-density encoding and the IP video transition.

Please turn to slide 16. As I mentioned previously, our Access Technology business has been on a solid growth curve. Operators are increasing investments in fiber capacity expansion resulting in more node splits. Strong demand continues for Headend Optics, optical nodes and other components supporting 1.2 gigahertz upgrades providing greater density and capacity for our customers. We're also involved in significant planning activities for distributed access architecture deployments and are uniquely positioned to provide this new capability in our new nodes and also in our existing nodes.
We are in early distributed access trials with the OM6000 optical node and believe this product and enhancements to others we already have deployed will be integral parts of MSO's distributed access plans which will lead to continued growth for us in this area.
We had strong industry engagements on the evolution of the DOCSIS network and have architected the E6000 CCAP platform that supports the graceful migration from DOCSIS 3.0 to DOCSIS 3.1 and new distributed access architectures. We're in full production deployment with our Gen2 upstream line card and in early trials with our Gen2 downstream line card today.
While we have been striving to achieve general availability in the second quarter, the downstream line card is now planned in the third quarter. There is growing demand for DOCSIS 3.1 licenses and as DOCSIS 3.1 CPE deployments continue, we should see improved sales results. We are also in early trials with our E6000 10 gig ePON card. The E6000 will be a foundational part of our evolution to distributed access architectures being fully capable of managing remote PHY devices and believe the E6000 will be the leading Remote PHY Core management product. Trials are already under way with our Remote PHY solution, and we expect to be in full production deployment in early 2018.
In our video systems business, we announced a strategic win this quarter at STARZ that will help them upgrade their network to support 4K Ultra High Definition content while continuing to support standard definition content with the embedded transcoding capability of the ARRIS Transcoding receiver. We have also been closely engaged with two leading MSOs on a new network encryptor that will help enable more programmable networking for video and advertising.
Our cloud and service business are also well aligned with the service provider plans to increase broadband capacity. We continue to see solid growth in the design upgrade and deployments of broadband networks. We've also had very good results with three leading ISPs in helping them with fiber and data center design and deployment. We're continuing to develop software solutions to help service providers manage networks, devices, and subscribers as they adopt more wireless and DOCSIS 3.1 technology.
We're really excited about the outlook for the network and cloud business for the remainder of the year with current visibility to the growing bandwidth demand and also believe the existing footprint and investments we've made really differentiate ARRIS in the future.
Now, I'll turn it back to Bruce.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Okay. Great. Thanks, Dan. Let's turn to slide 18. So, to wrap up, I'd just like to reiterate that we believe we're firmly on course to achieve the objectives we outlined at our recent Investor Conference. And if anything, our confidence in our full year targets are higher at this stage. The funnel activity is very solid across all verticals in our core businesses. And the addition of the Ruckus Networks portfolio is going to be a great platform for growth into the enterprise segment.
As you've seen so far this year, our balanced approach to the use of capital has been endorsed by our debt rating agencies as part of our term loan B refinancing. And we have returned a significant portion of our free cash flow back to shareholders through timely stock repurchases.

We remain very focus on improving our gross margins and continuing with this balanced approach to capital management.
I hope we can welcome the Ruckus Networks' team on our boat at our next earnings call update.
So, with that, Bob, why don't we open it up for a few questions?
Robert Puccini - ARRIS International Plc
Thank you, Bruce. Andrew, would you come back on the line, please, and give instructions?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Sure. Ladies and gentlemen, the question-and-answer session queue is now open. We'll be taking our first question from the line of Doug Clark from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Hey. Great. Thanks for taking my question. I want to focus a little bit on the Network & Cloud segment first. Can you talk about a little bit of the visibility and the timing of the second-generation downstream card for 3Q? It sounds like that may be a little bit later than anticipated. If you can give any details in terms of the pipeline and customer interest. And then higher level given kind of the outlook for the year, do you still expect – or is Network & Cloud expected to grow on an absolute basis in 2017?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yes, hey, Doug. So, answer the first part of the question, I guess. Clearly, in all the discussions I've had with you and the investors, we've been striving to getting to GA on the second-gen line cards, the downstream card in particular by the end of second quarter. And it looks like we're just going to be a little bit beyond that, so that's what Dan had talked about. So, certainly, a little later than we expected. But it's just the kind of variability in finishing tests and then getting through customer quality. But I think we're in good shape for third quarter.
And I think there's really kind of two ways to think of the upgrade cycle around Gen2. One, is kind of just a natural transition as customers buy more capacity for their networks and additional chassis, et cetera. There will be a natural transition to Gen2 with twice as much capacity and density as the old generation. Obviously, the second piece is upgrading existing footprint in the network and for the most part, that happens as capacity is acquired. And so, we think that's kind of a natural flow of the business. But I think I've always described it as not really a step function from our traditional run rate. Having said that, as you've seen in the first quarter results, we're down from traditional run rates. So we think that certainly comes back as the second part of the year happens.
As far as growth year-over-year, we'll just have to see how that plays out. We tried to take that into account with our full-year guidance and the whole mix of products and everything across the portfolio.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.
All right. Thanks. And then on the CPE side, can you talk a little bit about the kind of memory cost input into the CPE segment? How you guys have been managing that and if there's been any incremental headwind that you've seen since the prior quarter or the Analyst Day?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. So I'll take that first and Larry can jump in. At this point, there's really not a lot of change from what we talked about in quite a bit of detail at the Investor Conference. Overall, memory is about 5% of sales from a cost perspective for us. So it's fairly meaningful and the increase in lead times, et cetera, have certainly been a factor. We continue to grind out additional cost reductions both through work with our partners, as well as design changes to bring in additional sources for components. So for the most part, not a lot of change from a month ago.
Larry, I don't know, if any other thoughts on that?

Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
No. I would agree with Bruce's comments. Not a lot of change, I would say, we continue from a supplier perspective to be engaged with the major memory providers to ensure on continuity of supply that we have visibility of that which we do and just continue to manage I'll say on most daily basis understanding what the economics look like, but no real notable change from our discussion up in New York.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
It's certainly an active area these days with the new GC around Toshiba's business and I think additional capacity planning et cetera, so we'll just have to see as the year progresses here, what sort of changes we might see.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Great. I appreciate that. And then if I can sneak in a quick one for Dave. The buyback activity, you're clearly doing a little bit of buybacks before Ruckus closes. Do you still anticipate pulling back on buybacks around the time that that closes or shortly thereafter, or is this something that we could continue to see?
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
I think it will all depend and we'll certainly have discussions with our board about it, but obviously it's all about the intrinsic value of the stock and just how the cash is assembling before the Ruckus transaction, but fair to say that we do view repurchases as one of the key portions of our allocation strategy at this stage.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.
...taking my questions.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Doug.
Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Doug.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of George Notter from Jefferies. Your line is open.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC
Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to come back to the Gen2 downstream line cards for DOCSIS 3.1. Can you tell us like why precisely is that slipping out? It seems a bit strange in the company has gone through many generations of line card deliveries over the years and I guess I'm just wondering kind of what's happening here, execution-wise, it's kind of hurting you. And then also, you talked about I think for a number of quarters, now we talked about pent-up demand around those line cards and now it sounds like you don't think there's quite as much. I'm just trying to understand what's changing there in terms of your views on pent-up demand for that line card and when we might start to see any pent-up demand kind of flow through numbers going forward? Thanks.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. So, I guess – and Dan can jump in. From a general availability, full production revenue rec, et cetera, we were looking at late in the quarter, so it doesn't take much to move from June to July or into the third quarter. So, nothing alarming or special there. There is a fairly extensive customer qualification process we go through with new hardware and software and there's just some variability in that. In the meantime, as you can see, the business continues to operate. There's continued demand for the product and we continue to ship in pretty decent volumes, so it's just kind of a natural ebb and flow of the business.
From a DOCSIS 3.1 perspective, the product that we have in deployment today supports DOCSIS 3.1 completely and we're already upgrading networks and whatnot with 3.1. What the new downstream card gives us is additional capacity and density, right Dan?
Dan Whalen - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. It gives us additional capacity, density, really puts us on top of leading in that technology space from a density perspective. And the numbers do improve as the year comes out. We start seeing the second half exit more traditional the way we've seen traditional spend in this space happening as we move through the rest of the year with the CCAP platform.

Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah.
Dan Whalen - ARRIS International Plc
So, we do see an increment but there is pent-up demand it just gets back to traditional spending levels, we think, as we go through the rest of the year.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC
All right. So, if I look back on Q1, I think that was – when we took down expectations for the year, I guess, exiting Q4 and heading into Q1, one of the pieces of rationale around that reduction was a delay in Gen2 line cards. So, I guess, my question is, did you in fact see that softness then materialize in Q1 or is that something that customers just didn't care and just continue to buy the Gen1 version of line card, is that what happened in fact?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Well, one of the key reasons, Q1 is softer than traditional is certainly what we've characterized as a bit of a wait for, for Gen2. And as we think about the full year, obviously, we've taken that into account as we provided the guidance for the full year, and I think we've tried to indicate here we're certainly incrementally more positive on that plan for the year. So, I think we're feeling good about it, George.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC
Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. Thank you.
Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, George.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Thank you for taking my question. Just want to start off with just maybe a quick clarification. In the comments, you indicated that you are maintaining the full-year guidance, and I think, Dave, even said you feel a little bit better about it, but just to help everybody out. What metrics are you reiterating in terms of that full-year guidance? Just maybe some clarification specifically, sales, EPS.
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah, the $6.6 million to $6.8 million and the $2.40 to $2.60.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Great. I appreciate that. And then in terms of...
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
Did I answer your question, Simon?
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Yes. Yeah.
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
Okay.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
That's good. So, in terms of the issues with memory, understand that that's pressuring the gross margin currently but given that you've offered some full year expectations for earnings, what assumptions have you made in terms of the memory cost pressures, are you assuming that they stay where they are, they get worse, they get better and what's the timeline where you stop forecasting memory cost?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. So I guess the way to think of it is in two pieces. One is around the DRAM component, the other is around Flash, and both we've got visibility and kind of supply locked in through at least through third quarter, given the lead times and the fact that we're running our own factories. Our production planning goes out at least that far. And then I think we've got a pretty good view on what the fourth quarter looks like from a, I'll call it a, not to exceed perspective. So that's really the way we've come at it and again, I think we're incrementally positive on, as Dave said, both revenue and margin and ultimately on EPS here.
A – [00466D-E Dave Potts]>: And, I don't think our perspective on memory has changed much from when we were together in New York, to be honest with you.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Right.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
That's helpful. And then, in terms of maybe bigger picture trending. I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about the satellite opportunities and maybe include some reflection on what you had anticipated that opportunity would look like when you made the decision to acquire Pace and then, how you think about that opportunity today? Because I guess from our perspective, it seems as if maybe the satellite opportunity did not materialize as expected; maybe not when expected. And I want a better sense of how to think about where you see it today? Thank you.

Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. Thanks, Simon. So I think there's a, Larry, a variety of different ways to think about satellite. The biggest thing that's changed is AT&T and DIRECTV have come together, is – there's effectively one less video provider in the U.S. market. And so, I think that colors somewhat the overall addressable market. It's not AT&T and DIRECTV, it's a combined business at this point. As we look at the satellite business internationally, this is Sky, this is MultiChoice, it's Foxtel, et cetera, around the world. I think we feel pretty good about how the business is performing. Larry?
Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. No, I would agree. I think from my perspective, it continues to be an important part of the portfolio. When I look at set-tops overall, I mean, the reality is there's a lot of commonality in the back-end processing, right? So, it's really the access network. So, from my perspective, I think it continues to be an important part of the portfolio. And one, from a development standpoint, we continue to still get a lot of leverage out of.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
The other variable I think that's effected the business that's more notable is in the South American region with the economic environment in Brazil in particular, which, again, was one of our strongest markets in South America, one of the strongest international markets for both ARRIS and Pace, that's been just a really soft point for the last 12 months and continues through today.
Having said that, there are signs around the economic climate in Brazil stabilizing, starting to improve. I think we'll start to see some investment there in the second half of the year. But that's been very challenging for us and others certainly and creates a headwind from a growth perspective. You've got to overcome that before you can start to grow.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
So, you did say international was up significantly, I think 33% year-over-year. Where was that coming from? So, Brazil sounds like stabilizing which is good news, but where is the strength coming from then?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. I think the two strongest markets for us has been Canada and Europe. And Europe on the strength of the relationship with Liberty Global and Telefónica and several others. Of course, as we've talked about before the business in Australia with NBN, with Telstra, and with Foxtel has been very good. And so, that's (33:28) as well.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Simon.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. So, the first, I kind of want to drill down a little bit on the gross margin side, so I'm trying to back into kind of the $0.55 to $0.60 for June. So, how do we think about the gross margins expanding from where they are today and as we work through the rest of the full year?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. So obviously, it's made up of largely a mix question of the types of products we ship in second quarter and I think if you do your model, you'll see gross margins improving a little bit in the second quarter, not dramatically. And then as volume starts to increase again around networking cloud, we'll have more margin expansion as the year progresses.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Got it. And then is that mix shift going to essentially overtake the memory pricing issues that everybody in kind of the space is seeing at this point?

Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Well, I guess, again. If you do the model, we are expecting our business to increase incrementally as the year progresses. So, it starts to make a dent in the memory issue. Clearly, we're growing as the year progresses, so I guess that's one way to look at it. But the reality is we'd be growing faster, our margins would be better without the memory problem and it's been a big deal. I mean, clearly we talked about it.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Got it. And then just one small one. Are you guys reiterating the $700 million cash flow for the full year?
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
Well, as I've said at the Analyst Day, it will all depend upon some working capital. So, I did mention that we did see receivables drop considerably in the first quarter as we expected it would. Assuming that kind of sticks with us and that should work out fine but we'll see what happens at the end of the year if it's more of a bit of normal pattern...
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
We think that's the right range.
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
That's the way to look at it.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah.
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
We'll see.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Got it. Thank you.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Mitch.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Rich Valera from Needham. Your line is open.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Thank you. Bruce, I was hoping you could lay out maybe the two or three things that make you more incrementally confident about the full-year outlook. I'm not sure if I was clear on exactly what that was? Thanks.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. I don't think we detailed in a lot of ways. It's a variety of different places. I talked about international, I mean, gosh, it's great to see the strength in the international business. And these are either kind of ongoing CPE refresh cycles, new, next-generation 4K set-tops, DOCSIS gateways or some of the infrastructure products that Dan talked about. So we just have a variety of programs with customers that we see continuing and maybe accelerating a little bit from we were a month ago.
Larry mentioned, I think he caught right the DOCSIS 3.1 volume expectation for this year, and I think I even mentioned this in the Investor Conference. But it was incrementally more positive. We're ramping production to try and keep up with near-term demand right now. As Larry mentioned, upwards of 2 million units this year. Those are some of the reasons why we're feeling a little better, visibility's improved, and we'll see how the year progresses. But that's the current feel on the business.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Got it. So, it sounds like two things you'd point to would be strength in international and strength in D 3.1 CPE.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Right.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Kind of two meaningful factors there.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yes.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Great. And then, just wanted to get your – I know you had some prepared remarks with respect to distributed access and Remote PHY, but Bruce, just wanted to hear you or maybe Dan talk about your thoughts on kind of where the industry is with respect to both of these and kind of time to meaningful deployments. I think your competitor the other night was talking about potentially a lot of activity in 2018 in those areas and it sounded like maybe a little earlier than you guys had suggested at your Analyst Day. So, I just wanted to get your sense of the timing on those two kind of new architectural sort of shifts, if you will?

Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. Well, it's a, it's a complex topic, as you know, to address in a sound bite on an earnings call...
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Sure.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
...and a variety of different approaches that customers are taking. And of course, it's all relative to where you're sitting today. So for us, with a multi hundreds million dollar business, billion dollar, a couple billion dollars around network access, thinking about it being just a huge part of 2018, maybe we just have a little perspective on it. But clearly there's building momentum in the way we've designed both our CCAP platform as well as our node platform, since we're able to leverage those assets and upgrade them to support this distributed access architecture.
And I think we see 2018 definitely as commercial deployments, Dan, as you talked about it, right we'll be in general availability and commercial deployments of a Remote PHY implementation and be interoperable with other suppliers, et cetera in 2018. So, now whether it's a massive change over from what we're doing today, that's a different question I think, right? There'll be a lot of different approaches here to add capacity in the network.
Dan Whalen - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah, certainly, at the tops of the minds of all of our major customers, we're in discussions with all of them on this topic and they're all doing it. And as Bruce mentioned, there are different approaches and reasons why they're looking at it. And in many cases, it's somewhat incremental to the business we have today. It's not necessarily a replacement the way they're looking to use the technology initially. And then over time, as it gets more – becomes more of a standard approach inside of the industry, they start looking at this as being the means for adding more capacity to their network over time.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Got it. And then just one more if could. It sounds like Access Technology continues to see strong demand. And you expected another at least solid year there. Any updated color on Access Technology? Do we think that, that business grows this year or kind of continued steady-as-she-goes from last year?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Well, I think we definitely have an opportunity to grow that business this year; it's one of the highlights. It is construction-project related so there's some ebbs and flows and one project will finish, another one will start et cetera. So, it can be a little variable and there's some seasonality to it from a construction season perspective.
Again, some of it will depend on what happens in the international markets. Again, year-and-a-half ago Brazil was one of the strongest markets for our Access business. It's down so you've got to kind of overcome that to grow and – so, there are some variables there but it's a great business, very strong business for us.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
That's great. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
All right. Thanks, Rich.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of – please forgive me if I mispronounce – Greg Mesniaeff from Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Greg Mesniaeff - Drexel Hamilton LLC
Yeah, thank you that was right. Question on the services business, if you can give us some color, how that tracked in the quarter, and what generally you've been seeing as far as customer trends for service and support activities from you guys? I know some of your competitors have seen a pick-up in that activity and it's actually impacted margins negatively. So I'm curious what kind of read you guys have on that? Thanks.

Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. So it is a business that's been growing for us year-over-year, and we do expect it to grow again this year. It's a very – obviously a human capital-intensive business. So you've got to have the right talent in the right place to execute well. It does tend to have a, I'll call it, a seasonality to it where in the beginning of the year, our revenue recognition on projects is lower and they tend to catch up as you complete projects as the year progresses. So generally then, Q1 ends up being our weakest revenue quarter, Q4 usually ends up being our strongest around services.
Dan Whalen - ARRIS International Plc
Absolutely. And we are seeing increased demand in that area a bit, some of the new technologies, transitions and evolution of the network creates opportunities to move into what I call a strategic outsourcing model. And we've seen a lot of increase in activity in that area with our customers and have taken on, as Bruce mentioned, some incremental projects in that area.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
So we are bullish about the ability to grow that business. We are careful and, I'll call it, selective around where the right places to engage are because if you get it wrong, you can end up upside down pretty quickly. So we're trying to grow it at a sustainable pace that's profitable for the business and complementary to the rest of our products.
Greg Mesniaeff - Drexel Hamilton LLC
And what kind of impact have you seen so far on your blended margin, gross margin from this business?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. So we don't break it out. I think I'll decide not to answer that for now, Greg, till it becomes more a larger part of the business.
Greg Mesniaeff - Drexel Hamilton LLC
Sure. Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Okay. Thanks, Greg,
David B. Potts - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Greg,
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of – pardon me if I – I think this may have been misspelled, Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley.
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Spelled right.
Operator
Oh, pardon me.
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Just a couple of questions for you. Circling back to Ruckus, obviously, that transaction hasn't closed yet. But just if you could address some of the preplanning that's going on or whether kind of management roles have been identified particularly as it comes to kind of running a lot of enterprise business, standalone versus maybe taking some of the service provider business and running it more as a part of ARRIS?
And then the second question kind of jumps on what Rich asked about of whether, just seeing carriers take a little bit longer as they decide what architectures to go forward with in their decision-making or the fact that your equipment is backward compatible. Does that kind of shorten the decision cycles that you're seeing? Thanks.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Hi, Meta, that's great. So, I guess on Ruckus first, so now that we're through regulatory approval from a competitive perspective, we continue with the integration planning. So, these are typically more back-office system oriented, how do you run the business post acquisition, ERP systems, those sorts of things. As I think I described at the Investor Conference, we are going to run the business as a separate segment in the company. And given the enterprise and the channel infrastructure, is quite a bit different than how we run the business today, we'll run that as a kind of a complete, I'll call it, standalone or independent business unit with sales and engineering product management all integrated together under Dan Rabinovitsj who's the leader over there today.

And there's obviously integration activity around some of the other parts of the operation, finance and HR, et cetera and as far as we go to market towards our combined service provider customers, a need to integrate and work (45:26) very closely there. But I think we've got a really clear strategy on how the companies come together and lots of enthusiasm both from employees and from customers and channel partners about moving forward. And again, we're thinking we're at kind of at the first part of August at this point. We'll just see how kind of the final couple of months play out here.
On your second question, hope that caught that one. On the second question around architectures. I think there's different approaches. Again, we have some customers that have really kind of locked in on what their short-, midterm-, long-term strategy looks like and the types of products, and they're driving road map decisions and product development very actively on a day-to-day basis with us and others. And then there's others that are very focused on continuing to build out capacity with traditional mechanisms that are tried and true and worked very well.
There's some debate in the industry about how much active electronics that you want to have out in the infrastructure. It's kind of the antithesis of a passive optical network. And so, not everyone's onboard with that idea necessarily. So, there is a bit of bifurcation around how to build a network, how to evolve and how to manage it. So, those are some of the variables I think people think through as they think about their infrastructure.
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Got it. Thank you.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Meta.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Tim Savageaux from Northland Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Tim Savageaux - Northland Securities, Inc.
Wow. Just rolls right through Savageaux. That's impressive. Wanted to ask a quick question on the Access and transport business. I think there were commentary around continued strength there sort of I guess maybe standing out in the network and cloud unit, and I think going back to the Analyst Day, I think there was a reference there to sort of building on double-digit growth. I wonder if you can talk about how you see that playing out for the year in the fiber optic access in particular and to what extent that's emerging as a significant growth driver in network and cloud? Thanks.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. Thanks, Tim. Well, I don't know if I can put a finer point on it at this point. I mean it's clearly one of the stars in the business. We've put a lot of effort into increasing capacity to make sure we can reduce lead times with customers, be more responsive to their growth and these are multiyear construction cycles. One of the biggest limitations today is just finding the right construction labor and getting building permits and whatnot to go more quickly.
And so, I think there's a natural governor or throttle on just how fast our customers can go. And I think I've mentioned to some of you, if you talk to our customers, it makes us sound like it's going even faster than what we're saying and I think they would go faster if they could. And so, I think those are some of the variables that prevent us from giving you a very specific growth rate number. Obviously, we've tried to take that into account in the annual guidance and part of our incremental optimism on achieving that I think is around some of these products with our customers.
Tim Savageaux - Northland Securities, Inc.
Great. And if I could follow up briefly in terms of the kind of margin expansion both in Q2 and throughout the year. To the extent there is a mix impact, I mean are you expecting that to be kind of more network and cloud heavy in the quarter and throughout the year? Are we talking about mix within CPE or I wonder if you had any comments on that?

Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Yeah. Well, it's yes.
Larry Robinson - ARRIS International Plc
All of the above.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Certainly the biggest mix factor I think is between the network and cloud and CPE. But even within each of those product families, there's variability. And again, we talked before if we're ramping a new product that's got a bunch of DRAM in it, margins are just not where we want them to be on those products. So, the more you sell of those, the more they may drag down the overall gross margin. So, they're – just there are a lot of variables that go into the math.
Tim Savageaux - Northland Securities, Inc.
Okay. Thanks.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Okay, Tim. Thank you,
Operator
No other questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
Robert Puccini - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, Andrew. Bruce, any final words?
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Well, great. So, we appreciate the call. Lots of great questions. And again, we kind of reiterate we're on track here. And we look forward to seeing everyone at the next show and certainly on the next call in August.
Robert Puccini - ARRIS International Plc
Great.
Bruce William McClelland - ARRIS International Plc
Thank you.
Robert Puccini - ARRIS International Plc
Thanks, everyone. That concludes our call.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today's conference call. This now concludes the program. And you may now disconnect at this time. Everyone, have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Communication Equipment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ARRS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•1 Comment4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Today, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•5 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Today, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•8 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Today, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFAExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Today, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•5 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•8 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Today, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•59 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Today, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•7 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Today, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•4 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•23 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Today, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•11 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Today, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Today, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•1 CommentRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Today, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Today, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Today, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•81 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•13 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating Users And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•46 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•20 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Today, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•5 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•9 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•4 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•31 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•66 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•25 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•12 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•119 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•17 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•5 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•49 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•18 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•21 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•35 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•78 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•194 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•16 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•16 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•9 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•18 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•29 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•29 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•21 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•6 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•3 CommentsAkamai: CEO's Second Million-Dollar Share Purchase Inspires ConfidenceAKAM• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsCorning: Flying High Into Earnings (With An Acquisition And More)GLW• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•45 CommentsVeeva Systems: Beware The PrecipiceVEEV• Yesterday, 5:28 AM • John DiCecco•12 CommentsQualcomm Vs. Apple:  Which Is The Better Buy Now?AAPL, QCOM• Yesterday, 12:23 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•52 CommentsEarnings Preview: Can Box Stay Cash-Flow Positive?BOX• Yesterday, 12:02 AM • Feria Investor•1 CommentBlackBerry's Secure Enterprise File Sync & Share 'Fact Check'BBRY• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:48 PM • KIA Investment Research•124 CommentsEarnings Preview For Advanced Micro DevicesAMD• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:30 PM • Chris Lau•74 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Anixter International's (AXE) CEO Bob Eck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vedanta Resources' (VDNRF) CEO Thomas Albanese on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VDNRF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FEMSA (FMX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FMX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Randstad Holding's (RANJF) CEO Jacques van den Broek on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RANJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Campus Communities' (ACC) CEO Bill Bayless on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lamb Weston Holdings' (LW) CEO Thomas Werner on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LW•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quest Diagnostics' (DGX) CEO Stephen Rusckowski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DGX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AK Steel Holding (AKS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Newmont Mining (NEM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Agree Realty's (ADC) CEO Joey Agree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ADC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JBLU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SUPERVALU (SVU) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SVU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Caterpillar (CAT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Centene Corporation's (CNC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4434Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 








Arris International Plc - ARRS - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
28.34


Day Low
28.16


Day High
28.50


52 Wk Low
24.22


52 Wk High
31.52


Avg. Volume
1,062,591


Market Cap
5.31 B


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
1.31





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.50


Current Qtr Est
0.50


Current Yr Est
2.19


Exp Earnings Date
*AMC8/2/17


Prior Year EPS
2.53


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)10.00%


Forward PE
12.94


PEG Ratio
1.29













Computer and Technology » Communication - Components



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Reports for ARRS

 
 

All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for ARRS





Zacks Rank


Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 34%(89 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 38% (6  out of 16) 



Style Scores

A Value | D Growth | F Momentum | C VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Reports for ARRS

Analyst | Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




ARRIS International PLC
ARRS



8x8 Inc
EGHT



SeaChange International, Inc.
SEAC



TESSCO Technologies Incorporated
TESS



Arista Networks, Inc.
ANET



Viavi Solutions Inc.
VIAV



ALTICE USA INC
ATUS




See all Communication - Components Peers


 




Zacks News for ARRS

ARRIS International (ARRS) Up 7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue?
06/06/17-6:45AM EST  Zacks

TiVo Stock Soars On Initial Comcast Lawsuit Ruling
05/30/17-12:49PM EST  Zacks

ARRS: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

ARRIS International (ARRS) Beats Earnings & Revenues in Q1
05/04/17-6:59AM EST  Zacks

FCC Drops Overbuild Requirement for Charter Communications
04/04/17-2:07PM EST  Zacks

Don't Try to Catch a Falling Knife: Sell ARRIS International
04/04/17-11:04AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
ARRIS International plc is an IP, video and broadband technology company. The Company offers video infrastructure, delivery networks, home and business connectivity and devices as well as related products. ARRIS International plc, formerly known as ARRIS GROUP INC, is based in Suwanee, United States.   





 



 

Most dynamic stock update: ARRIS International plc (ARRS), Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) | The USA Commerce


























































Research & Analysis
Market Headlines
Diversified Industry
Investing
 


 








Search













About
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
We Are Hiring
Contact







Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.













The USA Commerce


Research & Analysis
Market Headlines
Diversified Industry
Investing























 










 








Home  Research & Analysis  Most dynamic stock update: ARRIS International plc (ARRS), Enterprise Products Partners L.P....
Research & Analysis

Most dynamic stock update: ARRIS International plc (ARRS), Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)

By Josie Noyola -   July 19, 2017 



 





Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter














On the close of 07/18/2017 ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) jumped 0.33% to hit $27.66. During the session shares stayed in the range from $27.650 to $27.160.
RSI( Relative Strength Index) highlights overbought (over 70) and oversold (under 30) areas. Company’s RSI at present is 45.53.
ABR (Average Broker Rating)
Zacks presents analysts with an ABR(Average Broker Rating), based on the sell-side recommendations.





Stock of ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) currently have an ABR of 1.57.which is marked on a basic 1 to 5 scale, where 1 stands for a Strong Buy and 5 represents Strong Sell. For the outlook of the current financial quarter, Analysts think the firm will post 0.50 earnings per share. This represents the Zacks consensus EPS measured at the time of writing. Traditionally Analysts tend to review their prediction as they will draw near to the actual results date.
During the latest trading session ARRIS International plc (NASDAQ:ARRS) stock went up with a prior 52-week high of $31.52.During the session shares traded on below-average volume. Volume on the day was 1.06 million shares. In the past three months the stock value surged 6.10% . However the price at the close of last session was -1.97% lower than its 50-day moving average and -1.67% under its 200-day moving average.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) stock soared 0.00% to $27.65 on the closing of 07/18/2017. The present value of the firm in the stock market is $58.30B.
Analysts projection of Stock Price Level
Albeit keeping a close eye on stock technical is very important, Investors always show anxiousness about where the stock might be heading. Equity research analysts have forecasted the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are predicting a consensus target price of $32.73 on company stock. This is a near-term outlook for the coming 12-18 months.
Despite the fact Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) was trading at volume less than average, prior 52-week high was $30.25 and plunged -6.62% over the same period, trading at a volume of 3.7 million. Stock dripped -0.14% over the trailing 6 months. The shares are at this time trading 2.78% more than its SMA 50 and 2.26% top of its SMA 200.






















RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

Checking Out the Technicals for Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. (DKS) 

 



 

How Does the Chart Look for L Brands, Inc. (LB) ? 

 



 

Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? 

  




 


Latest News



Technicals in Focus for Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Danny ELIOT -  July 25, 2017 0 




Checking Out the Technicals for ImmunoCellular Therapeutics, Ltd. (IMUC) Josie Noyola -  July 25, 2017 0 




How Does the Chart Look for Rennova Health, Inc. (RNVA) ? Klaus Villar -  July 25, 2017 0 

 







 
 
 
 










The USA Commerce is news organization which has assembled a team of unbiased, seasoned investment professionals to pick apart the market’s biggest headlines on a daily basis. Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions. 

POPULAR POSTS




Pound and Yen most sensitive to Fed surprise rate move 
August 26, 2016 


 




HP Inc’s quarterly revenue falls 3.8 percent 
August 26, 2016 


 




Manchin to review Mylan response to criticism over EpiPens 
August 26, 2016 


   

POPULAR CATEGORYInvesting12173Research & Analysis10482Diversified Industry8874Market Headlines8345  








About
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
We Are Hiring
Contact
 

                    © Copyright 2016 - The USA Commerce. All Rights Reserved                













 

Research & Analysis | The USA Commerce



















































Research & Analysis
Market Headlines
Diversified Industry
Investing
 


 








Search













About
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
We Are Hiring
Contact







Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.













The USA Commerce


Research & Analysis
Market Headlines
Diversified Industry
Investing























 










 








Home  Research & Analysis
Research & Analysis


Latest LatestFeatured postsMost popular7 days popularBy review scoreRandom 








 


Checking Out the Technicals for Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. (DKS) 

Klaus Villar -  July 25, 2017 





 


How Does the Chart Look for L Brands, Inc. (LB) ? 




 


Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? 




 


How Does the Chart Look for Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) ? 




 


Checking Out the Technicals for Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) 



  













 
Array BioPharma Inc. (ARRY) : How Do the Technicals Stack Up?

Josie Noyola -  July 25, 2017 0 

 



 
Looking at the Tea Leaves for Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM)

Danny ELIOT -  July 25, 2017 0 

 




 
The Technical Case for and Against Foot Locker, Inc. (FL)

Josie Noyola -  July 25, 2017 0 

 



 
Looking at the Tea Leaves for Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. (SRC)

Lydia Derian -  July 25, 2017 0 

 




 
Technicals in Focus for AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (AMC)

Lydia Derian -  July 25, 2017 0 

 



 
Taking a Look at the Chart for Houston American Energy Corp....

TOM BERTRAM -  July 25, 2017 0 

 




 
United States Steel Corporation (X) : Checking the Chart

Klaus Villar -  July 25, 2017 0 

 



 
Drilling Down Into the Charts for Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK)

Klaus Villar -  July 25, 2017 0 

 




 
The Technical Facts on SUPERVALU Inc. (SVU)

Danny ELIOT -  July 25, 2017 0 

 



 
Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) : Checking the Chart

Josie Noyola -  July 25, 2017 0 

  123...1,048Page 1 of 1,048 



 


Latest News



Technicals in Focus for Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Danny ELIOT -  July 25, 2017 0 




Checking Out the Technicals for ImmunoCellular Therapeutics, Ltd. (IMUC) Josie Noyola -  July 25, 2017 0 




How Does the Chart Look for Rennova Health, Inc. (RNVA) ? Klaus Villar -  July 25, 2017 0 

 







 
 
 










The USA Commerce is news organization which has assembled a team of unbiased, seasoned investment professionals to pick apart the market’s biggest headlines on a daily basis. Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions. 

POPULAR POSTS




Pound and Yen most sensitive to Fed surprise rate move 
August 26, 2016 


 




Manchin to review Mylan response to criticism over EpiPens 
August 26, 2016 


 




HP Inc’s quarterly revenue falls 3.8 percent 
August 26, 2016 


   

POPULAR CATEGORYInvesting12173Research & Analysis10482Diversified Industry8874Market Headlines8345  








About
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
We Are Hiring
Contact
 

                    © Copyright 2016 - The USA Commerce. All Rights Reserved                













  ARRS:NASDAQ GS Stock Quote - ARRIS International PLC - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  ARRIS International PLC   ARRS:US   NASDAQ GS        28.39USD   0.09   0.32%     As of 4:30 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   28.34    Day Range   28.16 - 28.50    Volume   1,370,746    Previous Close   28.30    52Wk Range   24.22 - 31.52    1 Yr Return   14.52%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   28.34    Day Range   28.16 - 28.50    Volume   1,370,746    Previous Close   28.30    52Wk Range   24.22 - 31.52    1 Yr Return   14.52%    YTD Return   -5.77%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   21.22    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.34    Market Cap (b USD)   5.339    Shares Outstanding  (m)   187.782    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.81    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.17%     Industry Technology Hardware & Equipment   % Price Change +0.36%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/24/2017   ARRIS Introduces Advanced Set-Top Portfolio Providing TiVo Experience; Supports the NCTC VU-IT! Program     7/19/2017   Mediacom Communications Selects ARRIS to Provide Hosted, Carrier-Class Wi-Fi®     7/13/2017   ARRIS Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date And Teleconference Details     7/12/2017   Hong Kong Corporate Counsel Association Joins ACC’s Global Network     7/12/2017   ARRIS Launches First Gateway with ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee®; Exclusively at Best Buy     7/11/2017   Yamaguchi Cable Vision Launches ARRIS ServAssure Alarm Central to Proactively Improve Subscriber Experience     6/9/2017   ARRIS Sponsors Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Awards Gala     6/5/2017   ARRIS Qi3 HD Set-Top Achieves Critical Security Certifications     6/1/2017   ARRIS to Present at NASDAQ's 36th Investor Program     5/31/2017   DOCOMO PACIFIC Partners with ARRIS for Whole Home TV and High-Speed Broadband Services    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   ARRIS International PLC manufactures and supplies communications equipment. The Company offers video infrastructure, delivery networks, home and business connectivity and devices, and related products. ARRIS International serves customers worldwide.    Address  3871 Lakefield DriveSuwanee, GA 30024United States   Phone  1-678-473-2907   Website   www.arris.com     Executives Board Members    Robert J Stanzione "Bob"  Chairman/President    Bruce William McClelland  Chief Executive Officer    Lawrence Robinson  Pres:Customer Premises Equipment    Timothy O'Loughlin "Tim"  President:US Sales    Stephen McCaffery "Steve"  Pres:Intl Sales/Mng Dir:Intl Bus Ops Group     Show More         

ARRS Stock Price - ARRIS International PLC Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,841.95


11.00


0.39%











Gold

1,256.10


-4.60


-0.36%











Oil

48.55


2.21


4.77%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








5:19p

Updated
Why you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings



5:15p

Health-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate



5:14p

Updated
Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017



5:06p

USANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook



5:02p

Wells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share



5:00p

Why oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017



4:59p

Updated
3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally



4:58p

Updated
S&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 



4:55p

iRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels



4:52p

Updated
Long-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ARRS


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



ARRS
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


ARRIS International PLC

Watchlist 
CreateARRSAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 4:27 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
28.3866



-0.0034
-0.01%



After Hours Volume:
54.6K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$28.39
0.09
0.32%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




93.45% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    1.3M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 1.4M
            





Open: 28.34
Close: 28.39



28.1600
Day Low/High
28.5000





Day Range



24.2150
52 Week Low/High
31.5200


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$28.34



Day Range
28.1600 - 28.5000



52 Week Range
24.2150 - 31.5200



Market Cap
$5.31B



Shares Outstanding
187.78M



Public Float
176.27M



Beta
1.24



Rev. per Employee
$954.67K



P/E Ratio
30.53



EPS
$0.93



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
5.85M
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
3.32%



Average Volume
1.41M




 


Performance




5 Day


1.61%







1 Month


-3.76%







3 Month


9.57%







YTD


-5.77%







1 Year


16.59%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Arris started at buy with $38 stock price target at BTIG
Arris started at buy with $38 stock price target at BTIG

Jun. 15, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










20 beaten-down U.S. stocks expected to rise as much as 98%

Jul. 4, 2016 at 12:59 p.m. ET
by Philip van Doorn









Arris lowers guidance, stock slumps


Jul. 10, 2015 at 5:14 p.m. ET









Arris Group upgraded to strong buy from outperform at Raymond James


Apr. 30, 2015 at 8:20 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Why there’s nothing lurking under the bed for this market right now

Apr. 23, 2015 at 9:22 a.m. ET
by Barbara Kollmeyer









London-listed Pace rises 39% after merger agreement with Arris


Apr. 23, 2015 at 3:11 a.m. ET
by Carla Mozee









6 stocks to watch


Jul. 23, 2014 at 1:15 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









6 stocks to watch


May. 29, 2014 at 3:25 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Market bulls defend the 50-day average


May. 19, 2014 at 10:44 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









44 stocks on the takeover target radar: Morgan Stanley


Mar. 25, 2014 at 12:48 p.m. ET









13 stocks set to outperform in 2014 from Sabrient's David Brown


Jan. 14, 2014 at 7:21 p.m. ET









6 stocks to watch


Jan. 8, 2014 at 3:36 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









TiVo gets $490M in patent settlement; shares fall


Jun. 7, 2013 at 9:19 a.m. ET









Google's Motorola suspends India-site ops, cuts 76


Mar. 8, 2013 at 3:49 a.m. ET









Five stocks making moves


Feb. 14, 2013 at 2:12 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









In focus: Still bullish, still overbought


Jan. 16, 2013 at 9:35 p.m. ET
by Lawrence G. McMillan









Arris to buy Google's Motorola Home for $2.4 bln


Dec. 19, 2012 at 7:05 p.m. ET









Buyout candidates for TV over the Internet


Mar. 16, 2012 at 4:51 p.m. ET
by John C. Dvorak









Tuesday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks


Oct. 11, 2011 at 2:50 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson









Thursday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks


Apr. 28, 2011 at 4:40 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson













Broadcom-Brocade Deal Gets Better


Mar. 30, 2017 at 3:00 p.m. ET
on Barron's









Tech Stocks That Sit in the Sweet Spot


Mar. 28, 2017 at 1:18 p.m. ET
on Barron's









Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Cash Gushers


Nov. 2, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Broadband on the Cheap


Apr. 23, 2016 at 12:50 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Networking Stocks Break Out While Cisco Struggles


Nov. 24, 2015 at 12:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's










‘Inversion’ Rule Changes Appear Minor

Nov. 20, 2015 at 8:41 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Arris Deal for Pace Will Be Delayed Due to Regulatory Process


Oct. 16, 2015 at 6:21 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Arris Lowers Earnings, Revenue Guidance


Jul. 10, 2015 at 5:09 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cisco Earnings: Another Rise in Revenue

May. 13, 2015 at 6:16 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cisco Earnings: What to Watch

May. 13, 2015 at 9:09 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cisco Joins Race to Boost Internet Speeds for Cable Companies

May. 4, 2015 at 10:00 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Pace Shares Soar After Arris Agrees to Buy British Set-top-box Maker


Apr. 27, 2015 at 11:04 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: GM, P&G, 3M, Caterpillar, EBay

Apr. 23, 2015 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Arris Group to Buy Pace for $2.1 Billion in Cash, Stock


Apr. 22, 2015 at 5:26 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Telecom Equipment, a Slumbering Giant, Stirs


Jan. 20, 2015 at 9:31 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Dow Industrials Rally 1.4% on the Week, to a New High


Dec. 27, 2014 at 2:37 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Stocks to Watch: Mondelez, Whole Foods, AOL


May. 7, 2014 at 9:57 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Picks to Play the AT&T-Google Fiber Fight


Apr. 23, 2014 at 11:18 a.m. ET
on Barron's










New Tax Bug Bites Tech Companies

Apr. 18, 2014 at 5:22 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Picks to Play Comcast-Time Warner Cable


Feb. 14, 2014 at 9:12 a.m. ET
on Barron's














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






New Arris boxes integrate TiVo, ease streaming offerings
New Arris boxes integrate TiVo, ease streaming offerings

Jul. 24, 2017 at 7:29 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Delta Capital Management Llc Buys Southern California Edison Trust I, MACOM Technology ...
Delta Capital Management Llc Buys Southern California Edison Trust I, MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc, ARRIS International PLC, Sells NVIDIA Corp, Cimarex Energy Co, B/E Aerospace Inc

Jul. 13, 2017 at 4:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





10 Value Traps to Avoid at All Costs
10 Value Traps to Avoid at All Costs

Jul. 11, 2017 at 3:49 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





FPA Capital Sells Western Digital, Buys Allegiant
FPA Capital Sells Western Digital, Buys Allegiant

Jul. 10, 2017 at 12:21 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





7 Stocks Beating the Benchmark
7 Stocks Beating the Benchmark

Jul. 5, 2017 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Arris Rated A Buy Despite Set-Top Box Decline; Ruckus Deal A Plus
Arris (ARRS) will get a boost as cable TV companies increase investments in broadband speeds and wireless services, says BTIG Research, which initiated coverage on the set-top box maker with a buy rating. Walter Piecyk, a BTIG analyst, set a price target of 38 on Arris stock. Shares in Arris ticked up 3 cents to 28.68 just after the opening bell on the stock market today. Piecyk expects the acquisition of network gear maker Ruckus Wireless to

Jun. 15, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Alphabet, Enterprise Products, GrubHub, Mattel, Ryanair, Splunk and Many More
The top analyst upgrades, downgrades and other research calls include Alphabet, Enterprise Products, GrubHub, Mattel, Ryanair and Splunk.

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on 247WallSt.com





ARRIS International (ARRS) Up 7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue?
ARRIS International (ARRS) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.

Jun. 6, 2017 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





 Where Is Broadcom Channeling Its Free Cash Flow? 
Broadcom (AVGO) plans to increase its cash flows through acquisitions and reduce its capital expenditure as it adopts a fabless business model. 

May. 30, 2017 at 11:58 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





TiVo Stock Soars On Initial Comcast Lawsuit Ruling 
Shares of TiVo popped 10% in morning trading Tuesday on news that it earned an early favorable ruling in a patent lawsuit against Comcast (CMCSA). Now, the struggling digital television recording company, which once helped change the industry forever, might be positioned for further positive gains. 


May. 30, 2017 at 1:49 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The 19 Stocks On Leon Cooperman's Radar
The 19 Stocks On Leon Cooperman's Radar

May. 31, 2017 at 3:44 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stock for Hock Tan’s Genius
Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stock for Hock Tan’s Genius

May. 31, 2017 at 11:31 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Tracking Alex Roepers' Atlantic Investment Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update
Tracking Alex Roepers' Atlantic Investment Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update

May. 25, 2017 at 8:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





ARRIS International plc 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides
ARRIS International plc 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

May. 19, 2017 at 4:27 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





ARRIS International (ARRS) Beats Earnings & Revenues in Q1
ARRIS International plc's (ARRS) reported better than expected results in the first quarter 2017.

May. 4, 2017 at 7:59 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Ferrari Leads 5 Stocks Racing Higher On Earnings
Ferrari (RACE), U.S. Concrete (USCR), Global Payments (GPN), Arris Internationa (ARRS) and Paraxel International (PRXL) soared Thursday following their latest quarterly reports. Ferrari Ferrari shares rose 6.3% to 80.78 in early afternoon trade on the stock market today, hitting a record high. Ferrari reported EBITDA of 242 million euros ($265 million), a 36% yearly gain and above Thomson Reuters estimates. Sales surged 22% to 821 million euros

May. 4, 2017 at 11:20 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Why ARRIS International plc Jumped 14% Today


May. 4, 2017 at 1:39 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





ARRIS International Plc (ARRS) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
ARRIS International Plc (ARRS) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 3, 2017 at 10:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close
Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close

May. 2, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Analysts See These 5 Top Tech Companies Beating Earnings Estimates


Apr. 22, 2017 at 8:48 a.m. ET
on 247WallSt.com









Network management and orchestration systems: worldwide market shares 2016
Network management and orchestration systems: worldwide market shares 2016

Jul. 25, 2017 at 4:59 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Introduces Advanced Set-Top Portfolio Providing TiVo Experience; Supports the NCTC VU-IT! Program
ARRIS Introduces Advanced Set-Top Portfolio Providing TiVo Experience; Supports the NCTC VU-IT! Program

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- Motorola Solutions, Acacia Communications, ARRIS, and Infinera
Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- Motorola Solutions, Acacia Communications, ARRIS, and Infinera

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:45 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Mediacom Communications Selects ARRIS to Provide Hosted, Carrier-Class Wi-Fi®
Mediacom Communications Selects ARRIS to Provide Hosted, Carrier-Class Wi-Fi®

Jul. 19, 2017 at 10:24 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date And Teleconference Details
ARRIS Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date And Teleconference Details

Jul. 13, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Launches First Gateway with ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee®; Exclusively at Best Buy
ARRIS Launches First Gateway with ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee®; Exclusively at Best Buy

Jul. 12, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Yamaguchi Cable Vision Launches ARRIS ServAssure Alarm Central to Proactively Improve Subscriber Experience
Yamaguchi Cable Vision Launches ARRIS ServAssure Alarm Central to Proactively Improve Subscriber Experience

Jul. 11, 2017 at 9:00 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- QUALCOMM, Ericsson, Ciena, and ARRIS
Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- QUALCOMM, Ericsson, Ciena, and ARRIS

Jun. 14, 2017 at 6:15 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Sponsors Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Awards Gala
ARRIS Sponsors Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Awards Gala

Jun. 9, 2017 at 1:00 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Qi3 HD Set-Top Achieves Critical Security Certifications
ARRIS Qi3 HD Set-Top Achieves Critical Security Certifications

Jun. 5, 2017 at 2:14 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS to Present at NASDAQ's 36th Investor Program
ARRIS to Present at NASDAQ's 36th Investor Program

Jun. 1, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





DOCOMO PACIFIC Partners with ARRIS for Whole Home TV and High-Speed Broadband Services
DOCOMO PACIFIC Partners with ARRIS for Whole Home TV and High-Speed Broadband Services

May. 31, 2017 at 9:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Stofa Selects ARRIS to Transform Network for Gigabit Services
Stofa Selects ARRIS to Transform Network for Gigabit Services

May. 30, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Global Video Encoders - Communications Technology
Global Video Encoders - Communications Technology

May. 29, 2017 at 12:22 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





How These Communication Equipment Stocks are Faring? -- Ciena, Infinera, ARRIS, and Motorola Solutions
How These Communication Equipment Stocks are Faring? -- Ciena, Infinera, ARRIS, and Motorola Solutions

May. 11, 2017 at 6:25 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Post Earnings Coverage as Nokia's Q1 Operating Margin Improved
Post Earnings Coverage as Nokia's Q1 Operating Margin Improved

May. 8, 2017 at 8:24 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





ARRIS Announces Preliminary and Unaudited First Quarter 2017 Results
ARRIS Announces Preliminary and Unaudited First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 3, 2017 at 4:03 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Investor Network: ARRIS International Plc to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: ARRIS International Plc to Host Earnings Call

May. 3, 2017 at 9:27 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





ZoneTV Expands Its Pay-TV Set-Top Box Reach Through Cloud


Apr. 24, 2017 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





J:COM Transforms VOD Experience with Market-Wide Rollout of 
      Cloud-Based UX; Partners with ActiveVideo to Pioneer Cloud UI 
      Deployments in Japan


Apr. 24, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











ARRIS International PLC


            
            ARRIS International Plc engages in entertainment and communications technology. It combines hardware, software and services across the cloud, network, and home to power television and Internet for millions of people around the globe. The company operates through the following segments: Network & Cloud  and  Customer Premises Equipment. ARRIS International was founded on April 20, 2015 and is headquartered in Suwanee, GA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 10
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For June 15, 2017


Jun. 15, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





The 19 Stocks On Leon Cooperman's Radar


May. 31, 2017 at 4:44 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Tuesday


Mar. 14, 2017 at 9:48 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Harmonic Inc.
0.00%
$334.2M


SeaChange International Inc.
-0.34%
$103.52M


NETGEAR Inc.
0.34%
$1.44B


Motorola Solutions Inc.
0.79%
$14.82B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








T

-0.03%








DWT

-9.52%








IRBT

-2.74%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




5:23 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:20pWhy you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:00p3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:59pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
4:55piRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels
4:53pLong-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally
4:50pSEC concludes initial coin offerings are securities
4:47pBlue Apron co-founder Wadiak to step down from COO role
4:47pOil tops $48 as sources say API data show big drop in U.S. crude supply
4:37pWTI oil tops $48/bbl as sources say API data show hefty weekly drop in U.S. crude supplies
4:37pSept. WTI oil trades at $48.40/bbl, up from $47.89 Nymex settlement
4:36piRobot shoots more than 25% higher on earnings beat, forecast raise
4:36pU.S. Steel shares rally after earnings, outlook beat Street view
4:33pStocks are ignoring U.S. political uncertainty, but the dollar isn’t
4:28pAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectations
4:27pBREAKINGAMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




5:23 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:20pWhy you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:00p3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:59pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
4:55piRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels
4:53pLong-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally
4:50pSEC concludes initial coin offerings are securities
4:47pBlue Apron co-founder Wadiak to step down from COO role
4:47pOil tops $48 as sources say API data show big drop in U.S. crude supply
4:37pWTI oil tops $48/bbl as sources say API data show hefty weekly drop in U.S. crude supplies
4:37pSept. WTI oil trades at $48.40/bbl, up from $47.89 Nymex settlement
4:36piRobot shoots more than 25% higher on earnings beat, forecast raise
4:36pU.S. Steel shares rally after earnings, outlook beat Street view
4:33pStocks are ignoring U.S. political uncertainty, but the dollar isn’t
4:28pAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectations
4:27pBREAKINGAMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




5:23 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:20pWhy you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:00p3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:59pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
4:55piRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels
4:53pLong-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally
4:50pSEC concludes initial coin offerings are securities
4:47pBlue Apron co-founder Wadiak to step down from COO role
4:47pOil tops $48 as sources say API data show big drop in U.S. crude supply
4:37pWTI oil tops $48/bbl as sources say API data show hefty weekly drop in U.S. crude supplies
4:37pSept. WTI oil trades at $48.40/bbl, up from $47.89 Nymex settlement
4:36piRobot shoots more than 25% higher on earnings beat, forecast raise
4:36pU.S. Steel shares rally after earnings, outlook beat Street view
4:33pStocks are ignoring U.S. political uncertainty, but the dollar isn’t
4:28pAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectations
4:27pBREAKINGAMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































ARRS Stock Price - ARRIS International PLC Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,841.95


11.00


0.39%











Gold

1,256.10


-4.60


-0.36%











Oil

48.55


2.21


4.77%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








5:19p

Updated
Why you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings



5:15p

Health-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate



5:14p

Updated
Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017



5:06p

USANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook



5:02p

Wells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share



5:00p

Why oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017



4:59p

Updated
3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally



4:58p

Updated
S&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 



4:55p

iRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels



4:52p

Updated
Long-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ARRS


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



ARRS
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


ARRIS International PLC

Watchlist 
CreateARRSAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 4:27 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
28.3866



-0.0034
-0.01%



After Hours Volume:
54.6K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$28.39
0.09
0.32%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




93.45% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    1.3M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 1.4M
            





Open: 28.34
Close: 28.39



28.1600
Day Low/High
28.5000





Day Range



24.2150
52 Week Low/High
31.5200


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$28.34



Day Range
28.1600 - 28.5000



52 Week Range
24.2150 - 31.5200



Market Cap
$5.31B



Shares Outstanding
187.78M



Public Float
176.27M



Beta
1.24



Rev. per Employee
$954.67K



P/E Ratio
30.53



EPS
$0.93



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
5.85M
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
3.32%



Average Volume
1.41M




 


Performance




5 Day


1.61%







1 Month


-3.76%







3 Month


9.57%







YTD


-5.77%







1 Year


16.59%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Arris started at buy with $38 stock price target at BTIG
Arris started at buy with $38 stock price target at BTIG

Jun. 15, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










20 beaten-down U.S. stocks expected to rise as much as 98%

Jul. 4, 2016 at 12:59 p.m. ET
by Philip van Doorn









Arris lowers guidance, stock slumps


Jul. 10, 2015 at 5:14 p.m. ET









Arris Group upgraded to strong buy from outperform at Raymond James


Apr. 30, 2015 at 8:20 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Why there’s nothing lurking under the bed for this market right now

Apr. 23, 2015 at 9:22 a.m. ET
by Barbara Kollmeyer









London-listed Pace rises 39% after merger agreement with Arris


Apr. 23, 2015 at 3:11 a.m. ET
by Carla Mozee









6 stocks to watch


Jul. 23, 2014 at 1:15 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









6 stocks to watch


May. 29, 2014 at 3:25 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Market bulls defend the 50-day average


May. 19, 2014 at 10:44 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









44 stocks on the takeover target radar: Morgan Stanley


Mar. 25, 2014 at 12:48 p.m. ET









13 stocks set to outperform in 2014 from Sabrient's David Brown


Jan. 14, 2014 at 7:21 p.m. ET









6 stocks to watch


Jan. 8, 2014 at 3:36 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









TiVo gets $490M in patent settlement; shares fall


Jun. 7, 2013 at 9:19 a.m. ET









Google's Motorola suspends India-site ops, cuts 76


Mar. 8, 2013 at 3:49 a.m. ET









Five stocks making moves


Feb. 14, 2013 at 2:12 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









In focus: Still bullish, still overbought


Jan. 16, 2013 at 9:35 p.m. ET
by Lawrence G. McMillan









Arris to buy Google's Motorola Home for $2.4 bln


Dec. 19, 2012 at 7:05 p.m. ET









Buyout candidates for TV over the Internet


Mar. 16, 2012 at 4:51 p.m. ET
by John C. Dvorak









Tuesday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks


Oct. 11, 2011 at 2:50 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson









Thursday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks


Apr. 28, 2011 at 4:40 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson













Broadcom-Brocade Deal Gets Better


Mar. 30, 2017 at 3:00 p.m. ET
on Barron's









Tech Stocks That Sit in the Sweet Spot


Mar. 28, 2017 at 1:18 p.m. ET
on Barron's









Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Cash Gushers


Nov. 2, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Broadband on the Cheap


Apr. 23, 2016 at 12:50 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Networking Stocks Break Out While Cisco Struggles


Nov. 24, 2015 at 12:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's










‘Inversion’ Rule Changes Appear Minor

Nov. 20, 2015 at 8:41 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Arris Deal for Pace Will Be Delayed Due to Regulatory Process


Oct. 16, 2015 at 6:21 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Arris Lowers Earnings, Revenue Guidance


Jul. 10, 2015 at 5:09 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cisco Earnings: Another Rise in Revenue

May. 13, 2015 at 6:16 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cisco Earnings: What to Watch

May. 13, 2015 at 9:09 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Cisco Joins Race to Boost Internet Speeds for Cable Companies

May. 4, 2015 at 10:00 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Pace Shares Soar After Arris Agrees to Buy British Set-top-box Maker


Apr. 27, 2015 at 11:04 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: GM, P&G, 3M, Caterpillar, EBay

Apr. 23, 2015 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Arris Group to Buy Pace for $2.1 Billion in Cash, Stock


Apr. 22, 2015 at 5:26 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Telecom Equipment, a Slumbering Giant, Stirs


Jan. 20, 2015 at 9:31 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Dow Industrials Rally 1.4% on the Week, to a New High


Dec. 27, 2014 at 2:37 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Stocks to Watch: Mondelez, Whole Foods, AOL


May. 7, 2014 at 9:57 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Picks to Play the AT&T-Google Fiber Fight


Apr. 23, 2014 at 11:18 a.m. ET
on Barron's










New Tax Bug Bites Tech Companies

Apr. 18, 2014 at 5:22 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Picks to Play Comcast-Time Warner Cable


Feb. 14, 2014 at 9:12 a.m. ET
on Barron's














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






New Arris boxes integrate TiVo, ease streaming offerings
New Arris boxes integrate TiVo, ease streaming offerings

Jul. 24, 2017 at 7:29 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Delta Capital Management Llc Buys Southern California Edison Trust I, MACOM Technology ...
Delta Capital Management Llc Buys Southern California Edison Trust I, MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc, ARRIS International PLC, Sells NVIDIA Corp, Cimarex Energy Co, B/E Aerospace Inc

Jul. 13, 2017 at 4:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





10 Value Traps to Avoid at All Costs
10 Value Traps to Avoid at All Costs

Jul. 11, 2017 at 3:49 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





FPA Capital Sells Western Digital, Buys Allegiant
FPA Capital Sells Western Digital, Buys Allegiant

Jul. 10, 2017 at 12:21 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





7 Stocks Beating the Benchmark
7 Stocks Beating the Benchmark

Jul. 5, 2017 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Arris Rated A Buy Despite Set-Top Box Decline; Ruckus Deal A Plus
Arris (ARRS) will get a boost as cable TV companies increase investments in broadband speeds and wireless services, says BTIG Research, which initiated coverage on the set-top box maker with a buy rating. Walter Piecyk, a BTIG analyst, set a price target of 38 on Arris stock. Shares in Arris ticked up 3 cents to 28.68 just after the opening bell on the stock market today. Piecyk expects the acquisition of network gear maker Ruckus Wireless to

Jun. 15, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Alphabet, Enterprise Products, GrubHub, Mattel, Ryanair, Splunk and Many More
The top analyst upgrades, downgrades and other research calls include Alphabet, Enterprise Products, GrubHub, Mattel, Ryanair and Splunk.

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on 247WallSt.com





ARRIS International (ARRS) Up 7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue?
ARRIS International (ARRS) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.

Jun. 6, 2017 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





 Where Is Broadcom Channeling Its Free Cash Flow? 
Broadcom (AVGO) plans to increase its cash flows through acquisitions and reduce its capital expenditure as it adopts a fabless business model. 

May. 30, 2017 at 11:58 a.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





TiVo Stock Soars On Initial Comcast Lawsuit Ruling 
Shares of TiVo popped 10% in morning trading Tuesday on news that it earned an early favorable ruling in a patent lawsuit against Comcast (CMCSA). Now, the struggling digital television recording company, which once helped change the industry forever, might be positioned for further positive gains. 


May. 30, 2017 at 1:49 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The 19 Stocks On Leon Cooperman's Radar
The 19 Stocks On Leon Cooperman's Radar

May. 31, 2017 at 3:44 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stock for Hock Tan’s Genius
Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stock for Hock Tan’s Genius

May. 31, 2017 at 11:31 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Tracking Alex Roepers' Atlantic Investment Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update
Tracking Alex Roepers' Atlantic Investment Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update

May. 25, 2017 at 8:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





ARRIS International plc 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides
ARRIS International plc 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

May. 19, 2017 at 4:27 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





ARRIS International (ARRS) Beats Earnings & Revenues in Q1
ARRIS International plc's (ARRS) reported better than expected results in the first quarter 2017.

May. 4, 2017 at 7:59 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Ferrari Leads 5 Stocks Racing Higher On Earnings
Ferrari (RACE), U.S. Concrete (USCR), Global Payments (GPN), Arris Internationa (ARRS) and Paraxel International (PRXL) soared Thursday following their latest quarterly reports. Ferrari Ferrari shares rose 6.3% to 80.78 in early afternoon trade on the stock market today, hitting a record high. Ferrari reported EBITDA of 242 million euros ($265 million), a 36% yearly gain and above Thomson Reuters estimates. Sales surged 22% to 821 million euros

May. 4, 2017 at 11:20 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Why ARRIS International plc Jumped 14% Today


May. 4, 2017 at 1:39 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





ARRIS International Plc (ARRS) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
ARRIS International Plc (ARRS) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 3, 2017 at 10:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close
Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close

May. 2, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Analysts See These 5 Top Tech Companies Beating Earnings Estimates


Apr. 22, 2017 at 8:48 a.m. ET
on 247WallSt.com









Network management and orchestration systems: worldwide market shares 2016
Network management and orchestration systems: worldwide market shares 2016

Jul. 25, 2017 at 4:59 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Introduces Advanced Set-Top Portfolio Providing TiVo Experience; Supports the NCTC VU-IT! Program
ARRIS Introduces Advanced Set-Top Portfolio Providing TiVo Experience; Supports the NCTC VU-IT! Program

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- Motorola Solutions, Acacia Communications, ARRIS, and Infinera
Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- Motorola Solutions, Acacia Communications, ARRIS, and Infinera

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:45 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Mediacom Communications Selects ARRIS to Provide Hosted, Carrier-Class Wi-Fi®
Mediacom Communications Selects ARRIS to Provide Hosted, Carrier-Class Wi-Fi®

Jul. 19, 2017 at 10:24 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date And Teleconference Details
ARRIS Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date And Teleconference Details

Jul. 13, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Launches First Gateway with ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee®; Exclusively at Best Buy
ARRIS Launches First Gateway with ARRIS Secure Home Internet by McAfee®; Exclusively at Best Buy

Jul. 12, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Yamaguchi Cable Vision Launches ARRIS ServAssure Alarm Central to Proactively Improve Subscriber Experience
Yamaguchi Cable Vision Launches ARRIS ServAssure Alarm Central to Proactively Improve Subscriber Experience

Jul. 11, 2017 at 9:00 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- QUALCOMM, Ericsson, Ciena, and ARRIS
Technical Reports on Communication Equipment Equities -- QUALCOMM, Ericsson, Ciena, and ARRIS

Jun. 14, 2017 at 6:15 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Sponsors Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Awards Gala
ARRIS Sponsors Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Awards Gala

Jun. 9, 2017 at 1:00 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS Qi3 HD Set-Top Achieves Critical Security Certifications
ARRIS Qi3 HD Set-Top Achieves Critical Security Certifications

Jun. 5, 2017 at 2:14 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARRIS to Present at NASDAQ's 36th Investor Program
ARRIS to Present at NASDAQ's 36th Investor Program

Jun. 1, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





DOCOMO PACIFIC Partners with ARRIS for Whole Home TV and High-Speed Broadband Services
DOCOMO PACIFIC Partners with ARRIS for Whole Home TV and High-Speed Broadband Services

May. 31, 2017 at 9:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Stofa Selects ARRIS to Transform Network for Gigabit Services
Stofa Selects ARRIS to Transform Network for Gigabit Services

May. 30, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Global Video Encoders - Communications Technology
Global Video Encoders - Communications Technology

May. 29, 2017 at 12:22 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





How These Communication Equipment Stocks are Faring? -- Ciena, Infinera, ARRIS, and Motorola Solutions
How These Communication Equipment Stocks are Faring? -- Ciena, Infinera, ARRIS, and Motorola Solutions

May. 11, 2017 at 6:25 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Post Earnings Coverage as Nokia's Q1 Operating Margin Improved
Post Earnings Coverage as Nokia's Q1 Operating Margin Improved

May. 8, 2017 at 8:24 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





ARRIS Announces Preliminary and Unaudited First Quarter 2017 Results
ARRIS Announces Preliminary and Unaudited First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 3, 2017 at 4:03 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Investor Network: ARRIS International Plc to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: ARRIS International Plc to Host Earnings Call

May. 3, 2017 at 9:27 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





ZoneTV Expands Its Pay-TV Set-Top Box Reach Through Cloud


Apr. 24, 2017 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





J:COM Transforms VOD Experience with Market-Wide Rollout of 
      Cloud-Based UX; Partners with ActiveVideo to Pioneer Cloud UI 
      Deployments in Japan


Apr. 24, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











ARRIS International PLC


            
            ARRIS International Plc engages in entertainment and communications technology. It combines hardware, software and services across the cloud, network, and home to power television and Internet for millions of people around the globe. The company operates through the following segments: Network & Cloud  and  Customer Premises Equipment. ARRIS International was founded on April 20, 2015 and is headquartered in Suwanee, GA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 10
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For June 15, 2017


Jun. 15, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





The 19 Stocks On Leon Cooperman's Radar


May. 31, 2017 at 4:44 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Tuesday


Mar. 14, 2017 at 9:48 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Harmonic Inc.
0.00%
$334.2M


SeaChange International Inc.
-0.34%
$103.52M


NETGEAR Inc.
0.34%
$1.44B


Motorola Solutions Inc.
0.79%
$14.82B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








T

-0.03%








DWT

-9.52%








IRBT

-2.74%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.





















































































            
    Why ARRIS International plc Fell 15% Today -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Why ARRIS International plc Fell 15% Today
The communications networking specialist beat expectations in the fourth quarter, setting itself up for a fall in the next period.











                Anders Bylund
            

                (TMFZahrim)



            
            Feb 23, 2017 at 1:48PM
            
            





What happened
Shares of communications networking equipment maker  ARRIS International (NASDAQ:ARRS) fell as much as 15.3% Thursday morning, following the release of preliminary fourth-quarter results and an acquisition announcement involving two divisions from Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) and Brocade (NASDAQ:BRCD).
So what
First, ARRIS published a downright solid earnings report. Bolstered by the acquisition of set-top box specialist Pace, which closed at the very beginning of fiscal year 2016, the company reported strong growth across the board. Earnings increased 60% year over year to land at $1.76 billion, while adjusted earnings of $0.79 per share represented a 27% annual increase. Both figures exceeded Wall Street's best guesses. Moreover, the order backlog surged 54% higher on a book-to-bill ratio just above the magic 1.0 mark, providing ARRIS investors with significant visibility into revenue strength for the next few quarters.

Image source: Getty Images.

Separately, ARRIS also announced a $800 million all-cash buyout of Broadcom's Ruckus Wireless and Brocade ICX Switch operations. The deal will add economies of scale to ARRIS' broadly similar product portfolio, while allowing the pending Broadcom/Brocade merger to meet its regulatory requirements and wrap things up.





Now what
Ruckus and ICX Switch will technically remain Brocade businesses until the Broadcom merger is completed, which is where ARRIS takes over the reins. It's like watching three oil tankers making U-turns around each other in the English Channel. But it all seems to be working out.
Market makers are not punishing ARRIS for this deal, either -- it actually makes good strategic sense, and should pay for itself in cost synergies and elevated cash flows over the next few years.
Instead, today's sellers are focusing on guidance figures that paint a bleak picture for the first quarter of 2017. CEO Bruce McClelland said that the first quarter will be "slow" for a number of "very specific reasons."
These effects include the closing of a large customer's call center contract, currency effects in Latin America, normal quarterly seasonality, and a technology transition in ARRIS' cable networking products. Furthermore, unexpectedly strong sales in the fourth quarter left some customers with overloaded inventories, reducing their need for additional orders at this time.
In all, ARRIS comes with a lot of moving parts right now. If any of this stuff -- or all of it -- left you scratching your head, it's probably best to hold your horses until this period of rapid business changes blows over. The stock is neither overvalued nor particularly cheap today, and management could probably use some time to integrate the rash of recent acquisitions.



Anders Bylund has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                            Anders Bylund
                        

                            (TMFZahrim)
                        

Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life.
Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract.
We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.


Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+.










Article Info




                    
                    Feb 23, 2017 at 1:48PM
                    
                


                    Technology and Telecom
                












Stocks








Broadcom Ltd



                                        NASDAQ:AVGO





                                    $254.30
                                

up



                                    $1.27
                                

                                    (0.50%)
                                










Brocade Communications Systems



                                        NASDAQ:BRCD





                                    $12.64
                                

up



                                    $0.01
                                

                                    (0.08%)
                                










ARRIS International Plc



                                        NASDAQ:ARRS





                                    $28.39
                                

up



                                    $0.09
                                

                                    (0.32%)
                                








Read More



Why ARRIS International plc Jumped 14% Today



































Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Why ARRIS International plc Fell 15% Today @themotleyfool #stocks $AVGO, $BRCD, $ARRS





































Arris International PLC (ARRS.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Arris International PLC (ARRS.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyCommunications & Networking












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ARRS.O on Nasdaq


				28.33USD
2:23pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.04


					            (+0.12%)
					        






Prev Close

$28.30


Open

$28.34




Day's High

$28.50


Day's Low

$28.16




Volume

537,847


Avg. Vol

1,580,187




52-wk High

$31.52


52-wk Low

$24.22












					Full Description



ARRIS International plc, incorporated on April 20, 2015, is a media entertainment and data communications solutions provider. The Company operates in two segments: Customer Premises Equipment (CPE), and Network & Cloud (N&C). The Company enables service providers, including cable, telephone, and digital broadcast satellite operators, and media programmers to deliver media, voice and Internet Protocol (IP) data services to their subscribers. It is engaged in offering set-tops, digital video and IP television (IPTV) distribution systems, broadband access infrastructure platforms, and associated data and voice CPE, which it also sells directly to consumers through retail channels. Its solutions are complemented by an array of services, including technical support, repair and refurbishment, and system design and integration.Customer Premises EquipmentThe CPE segment consists of CPE Products-Video and CPE Products-Broadband. Its CPE Products-Video include Set-Top, a device installed at the subscriber's television set that connects to the service provider network to decode secure digital video signals and render them as video on the television set, and Gateway, a device that serves as the primary video connection between the service provider network and the subscriber's home. This gateway will enable the delivery of broadcast, streamed and stored video throughout the subscriber's home to televisions and other connected devices. Its CPE Products-Broadband include Digital Subscriber Line (DSL) and Cable Modem, a device located at the subscriber's home that connects to the cable or telecommunication network to receive and transmit digital information between subscriber-owned Ethernet devices and the service provider's headend or central office, providing Internet connectivity for data and/or voice services, and Gateway, a device located at the subscriber's home that connects to the cable or telecommunication network to receive and transmit data between subscriber-owned Ethernet or wireless devices, IP video devices and the service provider's headend or central office, providing Internet connectivity. Gateway products add wireless connectivity or other wired connectivity to connect devices together throughout a customer's home, as well as other features, such as security.Network & CloudThe N&C segment consists of Infrastructure Products, Cloud Software and Global Services. The Company's Infrastructure Products include Cable Modem Termination System (CMTS)/Converged Cable Access Platform (CCAP)/Passive Optical Network (PON), Video Systems and Access Technologies. The CMTS is installed at a cable operator's headend or hub facility and communicates with cable modems to control the flow of data, including through allocating shared bandwidth and prioritizing and routing traffic. The CCAP combines the functionality of a CMTS and an Edge Quadrature Amplitude Modulation (QAM) to enable voice, video and data in a converged IP network. A PON is a form of fiber-optic telecommunications access technology that implements a point-to-multipoint architecture, in which passive fiber optic splitters are used to enable a single optical fiber to serve multiple end-points, without requiring individual fibers between the hub and customer. Service Provider and Programmer Equipment that process and package video content for delivery over the service provider network to be received by a set-top or gateway. It includes encoding, compression, transcoding, storage, policy management, security and encryption, and signal modulation for Hybrid Fiber-Coaxial (HFC), DSL and/or fiber networks. Equipment in the ground or on transmission poles between service providers' headend and subscribers' premises, as well as equipment used to initiate the distribution of content-carrying signals. It includes optical transmission equipment, Fiber Nodes, radio frequency (RF) Amplifiers and metro wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) wireless products.The Company's software products enable providers to securely deliver content and advertising services across multiscreen devices on and off their networks. Its network management products collect information from the broadband network and apply analytics to diagnose faults and improve performance. Its customer experience management solutions enable service providers to manage and dispatch field technicians. It includes network surveillance and issue correlation software and services. It offers professional services, focused around practices in Wi-Fi, IP Video, service experience, network transformation, software engineering and hosting to support and assist operators plans for new gigabit high speed data services, greater levels of mobility and all IP video and data distribution architectures. Its technical services provide technical support services around the world for all of its products, including its retail customers.The Company competes with ADB Global, Asus, ATX, Belkin, BKTel, Casa Systems, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Commscope, Inc., Concurrent Computer Corporation, Emcore Corporation, Ericsson, Finisar, Guavus, Harmonic, Inc., Hitron Technologies Americas Inc., Huawei, Humax Co., Imagine Communications, InnoTrans, Kathrein, Lindsay Broadband, Netgear, Netgem, Nokia, Pacific Broadband Networks, PCT International, Sagemcom, Samsung, SeaChange International, Inc., SMC Networks, Technetix, Technicolor S.A., Teleste, TiVo Inc., Oracle, Ubee Interactive, Inc., Vecima Networks, Inc., Adobe, Irdeto, Verimatrix, Click Software and ZTE.

» Full Overview of ARRS.O







					Company Address



Arris International PLC
3871 Lakefield DrSUWANEE   GA   30024-1292
P: +1678.4732000







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Robert Stanzione

9,662,790




							 Bruce McClelland

4,366,440




							 David Potts

2,966,640




							 Stephen McCaffery

--




							 Timothy O'Loughlin

2,278,330




» More Officers & Directors





					Arris International PLC News




BRIEF-Kudelski and Arris sign patent license agreement

Jul 18 2017 
BRIEF-Arris International says co and certain units entered into second amendment to its credit facility

Apr 28 2017 
U.S. ITC to investigate Sony patent infringement claims against Arris

Apr 12 2017 
U.S. ITC to investigate Sony patent infringement claims against Arris

Apr 12 2017 
BRIEF-Arris International Plc says executive chairman Robert J. Stanzione's total compensation in 2016 was $9.7 mln

Apr 05 2017 


» More ARRS.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyCommunications & Networking























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Kinco Automation























800-345-9401

Home
About Us
Products
        	

HMI


PLC


Servo


VFD


Stepper


Accessories




Support
        	
New Customer Set-Up
Quick Order
Applications for Credit
RMA Request Form
Repairs and Returns FAQ
Distrobution FAQ
Service Agreement
Appointment Request
Terms & Conditions
Installation & Environment



Contact Us

















 













The K2 Series are small and integrated PLCs (Programmable Logic Controllers) designed to optimize performance, reliability, and functionality while minimizing cost! The K2 series CPU modules feature 6 -10 sinking or sourcing inputs, 4 high speed counters, 3 high speed pulse outputs, and a micro USB programming port. 

The K5 series is a cost-effective micro integrated Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) equipped with diverse functions for high performance. The PLC provides special I/O functions (high-speed counters and PTO/PWM output), CANopen master, multiple RS485 ports, integrated analog input and output channels, and more. Equipped with diverse expansion modules, Kinco-K5 is capable of meeting the requirements of small devices and process control.

All Kinco PLCs use FREE, easy-to-use Kinco Builder Software, available to download from the table below!
 





Item↑ ↓
ModuleType↑ ↓
InputPoints↑ ↓
OutputPoints↑ ↓
InputType↑ ↓
OutputType↑ ↓
HelpfulLinks
FreeSoftwareDownload
Price(USD)↑ ↓
QuantityDiscounts
StockStatus↑ ↓
Add ToCart






K205-16DR


CPU
6 - 10
6 - 10
Sinking or Sourcing
Relay














$59.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$59.00


10pc.
$59.00


25pc.
$59.00


50pc.
$59.00


100pc.
$59.00


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




Typ. 10 Days









K205-16DT


CPU
6 - 10
6 - 10
Sinking or Sourcing
Transistor














$59.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$59.00


10pc.
$59.00


25pc.
$59.00


50pc.
$59.00


100pc.
$59.00


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




4 in Stock









K205EA-18DT


CPU
8
8
Sinking or Sourcing
Transistor














$93.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$93.00


10pc.
$93.00


25pc.
$93.00


50pc.
$93.00


100pc.
$82.10


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




5 in Stock









K205EX-22DT


CPU
8-14
8-14
Sinking or Sourcing
Transistor














$87.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$87.00


10pc.
$87.00


25pc.
$87.00


50pc.
$87.00


100pc.
$76.20


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




2 in Stock









K506-24AR


CPU
14
10
Sinking orSourcing
Relay














$121.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$121.00


10pc.
$121.00


25pc.
$121.00


50pc.
$121.00


100pc.
$95.60


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




8 in Stock









K506-24AT


CPU
14
10
Sinking orSourcing
Transistor














$121.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$121.00


10pc.
$121.00


25pc.
$121.00


50pc.
$121.00


100pc.
$95.60


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




2 in Stock









K506-24DR


CPU
14
10
Sinking orSourcing
Relay














$120.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$120.00


10pc.
$120.00


25pc.
$120.00


50pc.
$120.00


100pc.
$95.60


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




7 in Stock









K506-24DT


CPU
14
10
Sinking orSourcing
Transistor














$120.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$120.00


10pc.
$120.00


25pc.
$120.00


50pc.
$120.00


100pc.
$95.60


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




9 in Stock









K506EA-30AT


CPU
14
10
Sinking orSourcing
Transistor














$193.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$193.00


10pc.
$193.00


25pc.
$193.00


50pc.
$193.00


100pc.
$153.80


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




10 in Stock









K508-40AR


CPU
24
16
Sinking orSourcing
Relay














$169.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$169.00


10pc.
$169.00


25pc.
$169.00


50pc.
$169.00


100pc.
$129.90


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




Typ. 10 Days









K508-40AT


CPU
24
16
Sinking orSourcing
Transistor














$169.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$169.00


10pc.
$169.00


25pc.
$169.00


50pc.
$169.00


100pc.
$129.90


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




3 in Stock









K508-40AX


CPU
24
16
Sinking orSourcing
Relay andTransistor














$169.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$169.00


10pc.
$169.00


25pc.
$169.00


50pc.
$169.00


100pc.
$129.90


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




12 in Stock









K521-08DX


DiscreteInputs
8
N/A
Sinking orSourcing
N/A














$48.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$48.00


10pc.
$48.00


25pc.
$48.00


50pc.
$48.00


100pc.
$38.80


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




10 in Stock









K521-16DX


DiscreteInputs
16
N/A
Sinking orSourcing
N/A














$64.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$64.00


10pc.
$64.00


25pc.
$64.00


50pc.
$64.00


100pc.
$50.80


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




2 in Stock









K522-08DT


DiscreteOutputs
N/A
8
N/A
Transistor














$61.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$61.00


10pc.
$61.00


25pc.
$61.00


50pc.
$61.00


100pc.
$49.30


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




6 in Stock









K522-08XR


DiscreteOutputs
N/A
8
N/A
Relay














$58.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$58.00


10pc.
$58.00


25pc.
$58.00


50pc.
$58.00


100pc.
$47.80


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




2 in Stock









K522-16DT


DiscreteOutputs
N/A
16
N/A
Transistor














$79.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$79.00


10pc.
$79.00


25pc.
$79.00


50pc.
$79.00


100pc.
$64.20


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




2 in Stock









K523-08DR


DiscreteInputs & Outputs
4
4
Sinking orSourcing
Relay














$54.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$54.00


10pc.
$54.00


25pc.
$54.00


50pc.
$54.00


100pc.
$43.30


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




7 in Stock









K523-08DT


DiscreteInputs & Outputs
4
4
Sinking orSourcing
Transistor














$54.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$54.00


10pc.
$54.00


25pc.
$54.00


50pc.
$54.00


100pc.
$43.30


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




8 in Stock









K523-16DR


DiscreteInputs & Outputs
8
8
Sinking orSourcing
Relay














$73.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$73.00


10pc.
$73.00


25pc.
$73.00


50pc.
$73.00


100pc.
$58.20


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




5 in Stock









K523-16DT


Expansion Module,Discrete I/O
8
8
Sinking orSourcing
Transistor














$72.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$72.00


10pc.
$72.00


25pc.
$72.00


50pc.
$72.00


100pc.
$58.20


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




2 in Stock









K531-04IV


Expansion Module,Analog Inputs
4
N/A
0-20mA4-20mA1-5VDC0-10VDC
N/A














$97.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$97.00


10pc.
$97.00


25pc.
$97.00


50pc.
$97.00


100pc.
$80.60


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




8 in Stock









K531-04RD


Expansion Module,Analog Inputs
4
N/A
Pt100, Cu50, Pt1000, Cu100
N/A














$105.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$105.00


10pc.
$105.00


25pc.
$105.00


50pc.
$105.00


100pc.
$86.60


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




3 in Stock









K532-02IV


Expansion Module,Analog Outputs
N/A
2
NA
0-20mA4-20mA1-5VDC0-10VDC














$94.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$94.00


10pc.
$94.00


25pc.
$94.00


50pc.
$94.00


100pc.
$77.70


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




10 in Stock









K533-04IV


Expansion Module,Analog I/O
2
2
0-20mA4-20mA1-5VDC0-10VDC
0-20mA4-20mA1-5VDC0-10VDC














$111.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$111.00


10pc.
$111.00


25pc.
$111.00


50pc.
$111.00


100pc.
$92.60


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




6 in Stock









K541


Expansion Module,CANopen Communication
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A














$130.00


view here
Quantity Discounts

1pc.
$130.00


10pc.
$130.00


25pc.
$130.00


50pc.
$130.00


100pc.
$109.00


Contact Us for Quantities over 100




6 in Stock










Home - 
    About Us - 
    
Contact Us
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp 





 

Velocio.net

































































Velocio.net
Next Generation PLCs.  Small, Inexpensive, easy-to-use PLCs.  Programmed with vBuilder, the industries most innovative programming software (Free Download).






Store
Ace
Branch
Embedded
Simulators
Software

vBuilder
vFactory
InduSoft
Tutorials





 
					0 items – $0.00 




Account












					Ace

					Powerful, Pocket-Sized PLCs

					Branch

					Lots of IO, where you need it



























					Better

					Smaller

					Cheaper

					Branch Out

					Lots of IO

					Distributed

					Processing

					Awesome PLC Software

					(and it's free)

					2.5" x 2.5" x 0.5"

					World's Smallest PLC

					Starting at $49

					Lowest cost PLC anywhere

					Gets IO where it's needed

					Connect up to 15 units

					(up to 450 IO points)

					IO with full PLC power

					Embed Subroutines in them

					All the benefits of Ace plus...



 

					Introducing Ace







					Fits most anywhere


					Tailored to your needs

					IO Options

					12 IO points

					24 IO points

					36 IO points










					Analog Input Options

					0-10 Volts

					0-20 mAmps

					0-5 Volts










					Termination Options

					Pluggable

					Spring Type

					Larger Screw-Type

					Relay

					Opto-Coupled




					Mounting Options

					DIN Rail

					Bolt Mount

					Super Strong

					Adhesive











					Made for Motion

					Every Ace and Branch PLC includes:










					Stepping Motor Pulsed Output

					up to 100kHz

					High Speed Counter for Pulse or

					Quadrature inputs up to 100 kHz

					Servo Control / LED Intensity Control

					Every digital output can produce it’s own

					Pulse-Width Modulation (PWM) signal




					As well as software Counters, Ramps and PIDs




					Programmed with

					Software you'll enjoy using :)




					Graphically program in Flow Charts and/or Ladder Logic to rapidly create custom applications. 

					We simplified the instruction set.  Our function set is comprehensive, easy to use and powerful.

					No hunting for features.  vBuilder’s layout keeps the tools and information you need in plain view.

					Warnings and Errors are presented in real time so there are no surprises at build.

					Tag based PLCs are easier to use than address based ones, but typically cost hundreds of dollars.

					Our entire line, starting at $49, is Tag based.

					Innovative Features

					We’ve developed some great features to help you get things done quicker and more reliably.

					Subroutines:

					Break projects up into manageable chunks, and allow program reuse.

					Objects:

					Isolate data and create logic components to greatly improve development efficiency,

					maintainability and reliability.

					Linked Subroutines:

					Specify that multiple subroutines should use the same Objects.  Maybe you’ve

					got an initialization routine you’d like in one subroutine, and a process you want in another.  

					They can share an object, so you don’t have to pass data between the two.




					View your data and create operator controls with

					Awesome, Free HMI




					We’re serious about delivering the easiest to use, most productive PLC software.

					We could go on about our features, but seeing is believing, so Check out our vBuilder page,

vFactory page or Download vBuilder and vFactory. They're

					FREE




					Meet Branch








					Expansion has a vLink input port instead of USB. 

					Expansions are otherwise physically identical to Branch Main. 

					Your Sensors and Actuators are Branched Out, 

					Your PLC Should Branch With Them! 







					Branch's unique structure beats backplane and brick systems 

					at getting IO where it’s need, helping you run shorter wires and keep an organized system 




					Smarter IO

					Expansion units have full PLC processing power and memory.




					vBuilder’s power shines with Branch 

					Put subroutines inside of IO units to focus processing where it’s most needed. 

					Debug your entire Branch system as a unit.  No need to debug one processor at a time. 

					Lets you view real-time data for your entire system. 













					PLC programming should be fun! 

					We’ve got engaging tutorials to get you up to speed on our PLCs, and more are on the way. 

					Whether you’re new to PLCs, or just new to us, we want your learning experience to be enjoyable. 

					The tutorials aren’t boring or difficult to follow, we promise. 

					FREE Connector Tool 

					For a limited time only, we’re giving away a FREE connector tool with every Order!




					Every order over $48 ships FREE 

					100% of our PLCs qualify for Free US standard shipping.
					We also ship to Canada and Mexico for $19.95.

					100% Satisfaction Guarantee 

					Shop with confidence, knowing that you are free to return any product for a full 30 days after 

					purchase and receive a full refund. 



					Choose your adventure... 













About Us - Contact Us - Store
© Velocio Networks 2014 to 2016 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 



























