




















 



 Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 
         










    










 













 











 



















Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 2017
        																																						
              

          Company to evaluate potential strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value
        











 News provided by
HRG Group, Inc.  
Nov 17, 2016, 16:56 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- HRG Group, Inc. ("HRG" or the "Company"; NYSE:   HRG), a holding company that conducts its operations principally through Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:   SPB), a branded consumer products company, and Fidelity & Guaranty Life (NYSE:   FGL), a life insurance and annuity products company, today announced that Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG, plans to leave the Company in the second half of fiscal 2017 to establish a private investment vehicle that will make long-term investments in private and public companies.  








Since HRG's inception in 2011, Mr. Asali has been responsible for overseeing the day-to-day activities of the Company and establishing the overall business strategy for HRG and its subsidiaries, including M&A and capital markets activities. During his tenure with the Company, HRG's market capitalization has increased from $140 million to today's market capitalization of approximately $3 billion, and the Company's key subsidiaries have achieved strong returns. In the five-year period ended September 30, 2016, SPB's share price has appreciated 500% compared to a gain of 92% for the S&P 500 and the Company's investment in FGL in 2011 has compounded at a total rate of return of nearly 400%. 
The Company also announced today that its Board of Directors has initiated a process to explore the strategic alternatives available to the Company with a view to maximizing shareholder value. The Company's Board will work with HRG's management and will retain financial and legal advisors to assist it with this review. Strategic alternatives may include, but are not limited to, a merger, sale or other business combination involving the Company or its assets. 
Drew McKnight, an HRG director, said, "I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Omar's contributions and the critical role that he has played in creating value for all HRG shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Omar and wish him the best with his future endeavors." 
Mr. Asali said, "I would like to thank the HRG Board and employees, in particular David Maura, for all of their contributions to the success of the Company. I would also like to thank Philip Falcone for giving me the opportunity at HRG. I am proud of our accomplishments and will leave HRG for my next chapter knowing that the Company is well positioned for the next stage of its evolution."
"Our management team and the Board have been working to enhance stockholder value and, after careful review, we have decided that exploring alternatives to maximize value is in the best interests of all our stockholders," said Mr. Asali. "HRG owns terrific businesses that have a strong record of performance, and we believe that we have a unique opportunity to maximize value for all of our shareholders." 
Mr. Asali further added, "As we have previously disclosed, FGL and Anbang have extended the outside date for completing FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group from November 7, 2016 to February 8, 2017, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 8, 2015.  Both parties are committed to securing the remaining regulatory approvals and closing the merger as soon as possible, however, the closing of the merger and the timing thereof is subject to the regulatory review and approval process, none of which can be assured."
About HRG Group, Inc.:
HRG Group, Inc. is a holding company that conducts its operations principally through Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:   SPB), a branded consumer products company, and Fidelity & Guaranty Life (NYSE:   FGL), a life insurance and annuity products company. HRG is headquartered in New York and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HRG. For more information on HRG, visit: www.HRGgroup.com.
Forward Looking Statements:
"Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This document contains, and certain oral statements made by our representatives from time to time may contain, forward-looking statements, including those statements regarding the Company's review of strategic alternatives and FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group, and any expected or anticipated benefits from the strategic review process and/or FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group. The Company has not set a definitive schedule to complete its review of strategic alternatives. The Company does not intend to provide any further updates until such time as it has entered into definitive documentation with respect to any strategic transaction. There can be no assurance that this process will result in a transaction, or if a transaction is undertaken, as to its terms or timing. 
Generally, forward-looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future distributions from subsidiaries, other actions, events, results, strategies and expectations and are identifiable by use of the words "believes," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "plans," "seeks," "estimates," "projects," "may," "will," "could," "might," or "continues" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of HRG's management and the management of HRG's subsidiaries. Factors that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ include, without limitation: that the review of strategic alternatives at HRG will result in a transaction, or if a transaction is undertaken, as to its terms or timing; the ability of HRG's subsidiaries to close previously announced transactions, including statements regarding the closing of FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group; the ability of HRG's subsidiaries to generate sufficient net income and cash flows to make upstream cash distributions; the decision of the boards of HRG's subsidiaries to make upstream cash distributions, which is subject to numerous factors such as restrictions contained in applicable financing agreements, state and regulatory restrictions and other relevant considerations as determined by the applicable board; HRG's liquidity, which may be impacted by a variety of factors, including the capital needs of HRG's subsidiaries; capital market conditions; commodity market conditions; foreign exchange rates; HRG's and its subsidiaries' ability to identify, pursue or complete any suitable future acquisition or disposition opportunities, including realizing such transaction's expected benefits and the timetable for, completing applicable financial reporting requirements; litigation; potential and contingent liabilities; management's plans; changes in regulations; taxes; and the risks that may affect the performance of the operating subsidiaries of HRG and those factors listed under the caption "Risk Factors" in HRG's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  All forward-looking statements described herein are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results, events or developments referenced herein will occur or be realized.  Neither HRG nor any of its affiliates undertake any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operation results, except as required by law.
Investors and Media:HRG Group, Inc.James Hart, 212-906-8560Investor Relationsinvestorrelations@HRGgroup.com  
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/omar-asali-president-and-chief-executive-officer-of-hrg-group-plans-departure-from-the-company-in-2017-300365511.html
SOURCE HRG Group, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.HRGgroup.com



 












Nov 22, 2016, 16:01 ET
Preview: HRG Group, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter Results













Nov 10, 2016, 12:21 ET
Preview: HRG Group, Inc. to Hold a Call to Discuss Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Results






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 17, 2017, 16:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              HRG Group, Inc. Sets Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders








 

May 05, 2017, 16:45 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              HRG Group, Inc. Reports Second Fiscal Quarter 2017 Results





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 2017


 News provided by
HRG Group, Inc.  
Nov 17, 2016, 16:56 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 2017HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 5 minsS&P 5002,469.91-2.63 (-0.11%)Dow 3021,513.17-66.90 (-0.31%)Nasdaq6,410.81+23.05 (+0.36%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 2017PR NewswireNovember 17, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- HRG Group, Inc. ("HRG" or the "Company"; NYSE: HRG), a holding company that conducts its operations principally through Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB), a branded consumer products company, and Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL), a life insurance and annuity products company, today announced that Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG, plans to leave the Company in the second half of fiscal 2017 to establish a private investment vehicle that will make long-term investments in private and public companies. Since HRG's inception in 2011, Mr. Asali has been responsible for overseeing the day-to-day activities of the Company and establishing the overall business strategy for HRG and its subsidiaries, including M&A and capital markets activities. During his tenure with the Company, HRG's market capitalization has increased from $140 million to today's market capitalization of approximately $3 billion, and the Company's key subsidiaries have achieved strong returns. In the five-year period ended September 30, 2016, SPB's share price has appreciated 500% compared to a gain of 92% for the S&P 500 and the Company's investment in FGL in 2011 has compounded at a total rate of return of nearly 400%.The Company also announced today that its Board of Directors has initiated a process to explore the strategic alternatives available to the Company with a view to maximizing shareholder value. The Company's Board will work with HRG's management and will retain financial and legal advisors to assist it with this review. Strategic alternatives may include, but are not limited to, a merger, sale or other business combination involving the Company or its assets.Drew McKnight, an HRG director, said, "I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Omar's contributions and the critical role that he has played in creating value for all HRG shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Omar and wish him the best with his future endeavors."Mr. Asali said, "I would like to thank the HRG Board and employees, in particular David Maura, for all of their contributions to the success of the Company. I would also like to thank Philip Falcone for giving me the opportunity at HRG. I am proud of our accomplishments and will leave HRG for my next chapter knowing that the Company is well positioned for the next stage of its evolution.""Our management team and the Board have been working to enhance stockholder value and, after careful review, we have decided that exploring alternatives to maximize value is in the best interests of all our stockholders," said Mr. Asali. "HRG owns terrific businesses that have a strong record of performance, and we believe that we have a unique opportunity to maximize value for all of our shareholders."Mr. Asali further added, "As we have previously disclosed, FGL and Anbang have extended the outside date for completing FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group from November 7, 2016 to February 8, 2017, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 8, 2015.  Both parties are committed to securing the remaining regulatory approvals and closing the merger as soon as possible, however, the closing of the merger and the timing thereof is subject to the regulatory review and approval process, none of which can be assured."About HRG Group, Inc.:HRG Group, Inc. is a holding company that conducts its operations principally through Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB), a branded consumer products company, and Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL), a life insurance and annuity products company. HRG is headquartered in New York and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HRG. For more information on HRG, visit: www.HRGgroup.com.Forward Looking Statements:"Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This document contains, and certain oral statements made by our representatives from time to time may contain, forward-looking statements, including those statements regarding the Company's review of strategic alternatives and FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group, and any expected or anticipated benefits from the strategic review process and/or FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group. The Company has not set a definitive schedule to complete its review of strategic alternatives. The Company does not intend to provide any further updates until such time as it has entered into definitive documentation with respect to any strategic transaction. There can be no assurance that this process will result in a transaction, or if a transaction is undertaken, as to its terms or timing.Read MoreGenerally, forward-looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future distributions from subsidiaries, other actions, events, results, strategies and expectations and are identifiable by use of the words "believes," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "plans," "seeks," "estimates," "projects," "may," "will," "could," "might," or "continues" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of HRG's management and the management of HRG's subsidiaries. Factors that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ include, without limitation: that the review of strategic alternatives at HRG will result in a transaction, or if a transaction is undertaken, as to its terms or timing; the ability of HRG's subsidiaries to close previously announced transactions, including statements regarding the closing of FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group; the ability of HRG's subsidiaries to generate sufficient net income and cash flows to make upstream cash distributions; the decision of the boards of HRG's subsidiaries to make upstream cash distributions, which is subject to numerous factors such as restrictions contained in applicable financing agreements, state and regulatory restrictions and other relevant considerations as determined by the applicable board; HRG's liquidity, which may be impacted by a variety of factors, including the capital needs of HRG's subsidiaries; capital market conditions; commodity market conditions; foreign exchange rates; HRG's and its subsidiaries' ability to identify, pursue or complete any suitable future acquisition or disposition opportunities, including realizing such transaction's expected benefits and the timetable for, completing applicable financial reporting requirements; litigation; potential and contingent liabilities; management's plans; changes in regulations; taxes; and the risks that may affect the performance of the operating subsidiaries of HRG and those factors listed under the caption "Risk Factors" in HRG's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  All forward-looking statements described herein are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results, events or developments referenced herein will occur or be realized.  Neither HRG nor any of its affiliates undertake any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operation results, except as required by law.Investors and Media:HRG Group, Inc. James Hart, 212-906-8560 Investor Relations investorrelations@HRGgroup.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/omar-asali-president-and-chief-executive-officer-of-hrg-group-plans-departure-from-the-company-in-2017-300365511.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextIowa firm tied to truck deaths has history of legal problemsAssociated PressMcDonald's, GM, and Domino's — What you need to know in markets on TuesdayYahoo FinanceAmazon, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Soon Suffer From Too Many Irons in the FireInvestorPlaceHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderThe Navy's newest, most sophisticated aircraft carrier doesn't have urinalsBusiness InsiderObamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about itYahoo FinanceChina is crushing American tech titansYahoo Finance VideoStocks rangebound ahead of big earningsYahoo FinanceFirst ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ Trailer LeakedInvestorPlaceUnder Armour ripped up Jordan Spieth's old contract before he won his first major and gave him a 10-year deal, and it's already paid off big timeBusiness InsiderThe $180 million conflict that kept Scaramucci out of the White House in January has only gotten shadierBusiness InsiderGoogle's forward guidance trumps earnings any day: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoEarnings won't matter if Q2 GDP disappoints investorsYahoo FinanceThe one question you should always ask in a job interview, according to Wharton's top professorCNBCAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemYahoo FinanceNew analysis shows North Korea's ICBM is basically uselessBusiness InsiderRex Tillerson Debates Quitting After ‘Unprofessional’ Trump Bashes Jeff SessionsFlorence Lee: Trump screws over EVERYONE.  Pay attention, people.  He even skewered himself by declaring "made in america" week, knowing that we all know his products are NOT made in america.  He thumbs his nose at everyone, in every single statement, in every single thought.  He is a psychopath and I can't imagine what america will look like when he is done playing emperor.Join the Conversation1 / 51.8k











 



Omar Asali Appointed as Director of Spectrum Brands Holdings | Business Wire
























































Omar Asali Appointed as Director of Spectrum Brands Holdings






July 06, 2011 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



MADISON, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SPB), a global consumer products 
      company with market-leading brands, announced today that Omar Asali has 
      been appointed as a director and member of the Nominating and Corporate 
      Governance Committee by the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Asali 
      replaces Robin Roger, who resigned as a director and member of the 
      Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company on July 5, 
      2011.
    


      Mr. Asali has served as a director of Harbinger Group Inc. (NYSE: HRG) 
      since May 2011 and was named acting President of Harbinger Group Inc. on 
      June 30, 2011. He is a Managing Director and Head of Global Strategy for 
      Harbinger Capital Partners where he is responsible for global portfolio 
      and business strategy. Prior to joining Harbinger Capital Partners in 
      2009, Mr. Asali was the co-head of Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund Strategies 
      (HFS) where he helped to manage capital allocated to external managers. 
      Mr. Asali also served as co-chair of the Investment Committee at HFS. 
      Before joining HFS in 2003, Mr. Asali worked in Goldman Sachs' 
      Investment Banking Division, providing M&A and strategic advisory 
      services. Mr. Asali began his career as a C.P.A, working for a public 
      accounting firm. Mr. Asali received an M.B.A. from Columbia Business 
      School and a B.S. in Accounting from Virginia Tech.
    

      Ms. Roger is a Managing Director and General Counsel of Harbinger 
      Capital Partners and had joined the Spectrum Board in June 2010.
    

      In addition, the Board elected David Maura to the position of Chairman 
      of the Board and Mr. Asali as Vice Chairman of the Board. Mr. Maura and 
      Mr. Asali will serve in their respective positions in accordance with 
      the Company’s Amended and Restated By-Laws and at the discretion of the 
      Board. Mr. Maura joined the Spectrum Board in June 2010 and was 
      previously serving as the interim Chairman of the Board.
    

      "I have worked with Omar for the last several years at Harbinger Capital 
      Partners and have really come to respect his sound judgment and advice,” 
      said David Maura, Chairman of the Board. “I look forward to partnering 
      with Omar to continue to drive the strategic vision of Spectrum Brands. 
      I also want to thank the entire board for their confidence in me. I 
      could not be more proud of our management team, led by David Lumley, and 
      I am excited and optimistic about the future as we continue to build a 
      first-class, global consumer products company. Our Spectrum Value model 
      is a leader in the market place and we are committed to building 
      shareholder value in the months and years to come."
    

About Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.


Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., a member of the Russell 2000 Index,
is a diversified, global consumer products company and a leading 
      supplier of batteries, shaving and grooming products, personal care 
      products, small household appliances, specialty pet supplies, lawn & 
      garden and home pest control products, personal insect repellents and 
      portable lighting. Helping to meet the needs of consumers worldwide, the 
      Company offers a broad portfolio of market-leading and widely trusted 
      brands including Rayovac®, Remington®, Varta®, George Foreman®, Black & 
      Decker®, Toastmaster®, Tetra®, Marineland®, Nature’s Miracle®, Dingo®, 
      8-in-1®, Littermaid®, Spectracide®, Cutter®, Repel®, and Hot Shot®. Spectrum 
      Brands Holdings' products are sold by the world's top 25 retailers and 
      are available in more than one million stores in more than 120 countries 
      around the world. Spectrum Brands Holdings generated net sales of $3.1 
      billion from continuing operations in fiscal 2010. For more 
      information, visit www.spectrumbrands.com.





Contacts

Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.Dave Prichard, 608.278.6141




















Contacts

Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.Dave Prichard, 608.278.6141









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Omar M. Asali - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Omar M. Asali
Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Director at HRG Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Omar M. Asali? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Omar M. Asali's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Omar M. Asali's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Omar M. Asali's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Omar M. Asali through your network of contacts.
												








Omar M. Asali's Executive Work History


Past
To view Omar M. Asali's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Virginia Tech


														 M.B.A., 
															Columbia University


Age
46

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Omar M. Asali's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Omar M. Asali. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Omar M. Asali's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Omar M. Asali's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Omar M. Asali through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Omar M. Asali


















Omar M. Asali's Connections (62)





Sign up now to view Omar M. Asali's 62 connections »









David R. Lumley
Board Member, The Valspar Corporation









Gerald Luterman
Lead Independent Director, HRG Group, Inc.









Frank Ianna
Board Member, HRG Group, Inc.









Douglas L. Martin
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.









Anthony L. Genito
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.









Nathan E. Fagre
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.









John A. Heil
Board Member, Tempur Sealy International, Inc.









Norman S. Matthews
Chairman of The Board, The Children's Place, Inc.









Rajesh Krishnan
Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, Fidelity & Guaranty Life









Eric L. Marhoun
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Fidelity & Guaranty Life








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993























Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 2017

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In











Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 2017
Company to evaluate potential strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value

November 17, 2016 16:56

NEW YORK, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- HRG Group, Inc. ("HRG" or the "Company"; NYSE: HRG), a holding company that conducts its operations principally through Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SPB), a branded consumer products company, and Fidelity & Guaranty Life (NYSE: FGL), a life insurance and annuity products company, today announced that Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG, plans to leave the Company in the second half of fiscal 2017 to establish a private investment vehicle that will make long-term investments in private and public companies.  Since HRG's inception in 2011, Mr. Asali has been responsible for overseeing the day-to-day activities of the Company and establishing the overall business strategy for HRG and its subsidiaries, including M&A and capital markets activities. During his tenure with the Company, HRG's market capitalization has increased from $140 million to today's market capitalization of approximately $3 billion, and the Company's key subsidiaries have achieved strong returns. In the five-year period ended September 30, 2016, SPB's share price has appreciated 500% compared to a gain of 92% for the S&P 500 and the Company's investment in FGL in 2011 has compounded at a total rate of return of nearly 400%. The Company also announced today that its Board of Directors has initiated a process to explore the strategic alternatives available to the Company with a view to maximizing shareholder value. The Company's Board will work with HRG's management and will retain financial and legal advisors to assist it with this review. Strategic alternatives may include, but are not limited to, a merger, sale or other business combination involving the Company or its assets. Drew McKnight, an HRG director, said, "I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Omar's contributions and the critical role that he has played in creating value for all HRG shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Omar and wish him the best with his future endeavors." Mr. Asali said, "I would like to thank the HRG Board and employees, in particular David Maura, for all of their contributions to the success of the Company. I would also like to thank Philip Falcone for giving me the opportunity at HRG. I am proud of our accomplishments and will leave HRG for my next chapter knowing that the Company is well positioned for the next stage of its evolution.""Our management team and the Board have been working to enhance stockholder value and, after careful review, we have decided that exploring alternatives to maximize value is in the best interests of all our stockholders," said Mr. Asali. "HRG owns terrific businesses that have a strong record of performance, and we believe that we have a unique opportunity to maximize value for all of our shareholders." Mr. Asali further added, "As we have previously disclosed, FGL and Anbang have extended the outside date for completing FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group from November 7, 2016 to February 8, 2017, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 8, 2015.  Both parties are committed to securing the remaining regulatory approvals and closing the merger as soon as possible, however, the closing of the merger and the timing thereof is subject to the regulatory review and approval process, none of which can be assured."About HRG Group, Inc.:HRG Group, Inc. is a holding company that conducts its operations principally through Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SPB), a branded consumer products company, and Fidelity & Guaranty Life (NYSE: FGL), a life insurance and annuity products company. HRG is headquartered in New York and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HRG. For more information on HRG, visit: www.HRGgroup.com.Forward Looking Statements:"Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This document contains, and certain oral statements made by our representatives from time to time may contain, forward-looking statements, including those statements regarding the Company's review of strategic alternatives and FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group, and any expected or anticipated benefits from the strategic review process and/or FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group. The Company has not set a definitive schedule to complete its review of strategic alternatives. The Company does not intend to provide any further updates until such time as it has entered into definitive documentation with respect to any strategic transaction. There can be no assurance that this process will result in a transaction, or if a transaction is undertaken, as to its terms or timing. Generally, forward-looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future distributions from subsidiaries, other actions, events, results, strategies and expectations and are identifiable by use of the words "believes," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "plans," "seeks," "estimates," "projects," "may," "will," "could," "might," or "continues" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of HRG's management and the management of HRG's subsidiaries. Factors that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ include, without limitation: that the review of strategic alternatives at HRG will result in a transaction, or if a transaction is undertaken, as to its terms or timing; the ability of HRG's subsidiaries to close previously announced transactions, including statements regarding the closing of FGL's merger with Anbang Insurance Group; the ability of HRG's subsidiaries to generate sufficient net income and cash flows to make upstream cash distributions; the decision of the boards of HRG's subsidiaries to make upstream cash distributions, which is subject to numerous factors such as restrictions contained in applicable financing agreements, state and regulatory restrictions and other relevant considerations as determined by the applicable board; HRG's liquidity, which may be impacted by a variety of factors, including the capital needs of HRG's subsidiaries; capital market conditions; commodity market conditions; foreign exchange rates; HRG's and its subsidiaries' ability to identify, pursue or complete any suitable future acquisition or disposition opportunities, including realizing such transaction's expected benefits and the timetable for, completing applicable financial reporting requirements; litigation; potential and contingent liabilities; management's plans; changes in regulations; taxes; and the risks that may affect the performance of the operating subsidiaries of HRG and those factors listed under the caption "Risk Factors" in HRG's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  All forward-looking statements described herein are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results, events or developments referenced herein will occur or be realized.  Neither HRG nor any of its affiliates undertake any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operation results, except as required by law.Investors and Media:HRG Group, Inc.James Hart, 212-906-8560Investor Relationsinvestorrelations@HRGgroup.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/omar-asali-president-and-chief-executive-officer-of-hrg-group-plans-departure-from-the-company-in-2017-300365511.htmlSOURCE  HRG Group, Inc. 




Related Stories


HRG Group Posts Narrower Fiscal Q4 Loss, Revenues Increase Year-Over-Year
MT Newswires
            11/23 06:28 ET
        

HRG Group reports FQ4 results
SA Breaking News
            11/22 16:03 ET
        

HRG Group, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter Results
PR Newswire
            11/22 16:01 ET
        

After Hours Watch List Scorecard: SYUT, KTOS, HRG
MT Newswires
            11/18 16:34 ET
        

Large- and mid-cap stocks with strong relative volume today
SA Breaking News
            11/18 12:37 ET
        

MT Newswires' After Hours Watch List: SYUT, KTOS, HRG
MT Newswires
            11/17 18:01 ET
        

HRG Group says it explores possible sale, CEO Asali plans exit
SA Breaking News
            11/17 17:58 ET
        

MT Newswires After-Hours News Movers
MT Newswires
            11/17 17:57 ET
        

HRG Group Jumps 16% - Looking at Strategic Options, President and CEO to Leave
MT Newswires
            11/17 17:11 ET
        

Omar Asali, President and Chief Executive Officer of HRG Group, Plans Departure from the Company in 2017
PR Newswire
            11/17 16:56 ET
        



Advertisement














{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            





















Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390127314101-209662835796345463
Omar Asali 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


















   Omar Asali | Goldman , Sachs & Co. | ZoomInfo.com