







John Asbury, Union Bankshares Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





John Asbury

President/CEO,
Union Bankshares Corp






Career History




President/CEO
Union Bankshares Corp, 1/2017-PRESENT


President/CEO
Union Bank & Trust Co/Lincoln NE, 10/2016-PRESENT


President
Union Bankshares Corp, 10/2016-1/2017


President/CEO
First National Bank of Sante FE/The, 2/2015-8/2016


Senior Exec VP/Head:Bus Svcs
Regions Financial Corp, UNKNOWN-6/2014


Senior Exec VP/Head:Bus Svcs
Regions Bank, UNKNOWN-6/2014


Head:Business Services Group
Regions Financial Corp, 5/2010-7/2010



Wachovia, UNKNOWN-1990


Senior VP:Business Banking
Bank of America Investment Mgmt, 1990-UNKNOWN



Bank of America, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.ubsh.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1051 East Cary Street
Suite 1200
Richmond, VA 23219
United States


Phone:
1-804-633-5031


Fax:
1-804-633-5050


Web url:
www.ubsh.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Virginia Tech
Bachelor's Degree, Business


College of William & Mary
MBA








Memberships



Board Memberships




Bank of The Rio Grande The Na*


Board Member, PRESENT




Union Bank & Trust Co/Bowling Green VA


Board Member, PRESENT




Union Bankshares Corp


Board Member, 10/2016-PRESENT



Show More





Other Memberships




Consumer Bankers Assn Small Business Committee


Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Union Bankshares Corporation Names John C. Asbury President; To Succeed G. William Beale as CEO in 2017 Nasdaq:UBSH











































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Union Bankshares Corporation Names John C. Asbury President; To Succeed G. William Beale as CEO in 2017
Succession Plan Positions Union for Seamless Leadership Transition and Strategic Continuity



















August 24, 2016 08:00 ET

 | Source: Union Bankshares Corporation

photo-release




Billy Beale2014


 

Billy Beale
JA014version3


 

John Asbury



RICHMOND, Va., Aug.  24, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Board of Directors of Union Bankshares Corporation (“Union”) today announced that G. William (“Billy”) Beale, 66, will step down as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) on January 2, 2017, and will be succeeded by John C. Asbury, 51, who will become President of Union Bankshares Corporation and President and CEO of Union Bank & Trust effective October 1, 2016.  Beale will continue to work in an executive capacity as Executive Vice Chairman of the Board for Union Bankshares Corporation and Union Bank & Trust until March 31, 2017.  He will remain on the Board of Directors of Union Bankshares Corporation and stand for reelection to the Board at the 2017 Annual Meeting.  Photos accompanying this announcement are available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/8cbf1576-00aa-4914-8448-73650f664cc7http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/341e71e9-b4de-475e-b565-bb7612041b09 “Today’s announcement provides for leadership continuity to deliver upon Union’s future growth plans,” said Raymond D. Smoot, Jr., Chairman of the Board of Union Bankshares Corporation.  “The Board in conjunction with Billy actively engaged in a comprehensive succession plan that included a nationwide search.  It became clear that John’s demonstrated capabilities stemming from 29 years of leadership experience at some of the most well-known and highly-regarded banking institutions ideally suited him to lead our strategy of growing the Union franchise beyond the $10 billion asset threshold.  We are confident that this leadership succession plan solidly positions Union to generate consistent top-tier financial performance and attractive long-term shareholder returns.      “Billy’s tenure at Union has been tremendous,” continued Smoot.  “Under his leadership over the last 25 years, the bank has undergone a historic transformation from a small rural community bank to the largest Virginia-based community banking institution serving multiple markets with diversified lines of business.  Billy’s vision and energy has created a durable company that has grown assets to more than $8.1 billion from $180 million and delivered to shareholders a total cumulative return of more than 850% since the company went public in 1993.  On behalf of our shareholders, the Board and entire bank, we thank Billy for his dedication and commitment to making Union the outstanding institution it is today.” “It has been a great privilege to lead Union for over 25 years, and I am proud of what we have accomplished together,” said Beale.  “Union has never been stronger and our strategy is delivering, so now is the ideal time to execute the leadership transition plan.  John brings proven capabilities in profitably growing business lines across key banking segments, including commercial, small business, retail and wealth management, as well as partnering with mortgage teams to deliver holistic financial solutions to customers.  His recent tenure at a community bank coupled with his deep executive experience at national and regional financial institutions makes him uniquely qualified to lead Union.  John understands the importance of preserving a customer and community centric culture while driving top tier performance.  I look forward to working with John and our teammates to further our path to top-tier financial performance.  Our future is bright and I am confident Union will continue to thrive under John’s leadership.” “I am excited to join Union as only the 6th president in the bank’s 114-year history and honored to ultimately succeed Billy as CEO,” said Asbury.  “I look forward to working with the team to execute on the growth strategy and achieve the significant milestones that the company has laid out.  Under Billy’s leadership, Union has built an incredibly strong foundation and forged promising new growth avenues.  The company’s scale, talent, resources and outstanding performance record will enable us to successfully execute our strategy of organic growth complemented by select acquisitions.  I believe we are well positioned to capitalize on our strengths to continue to create long-term sustainable value for our shareholders, teammates and customers.”           Additional Information on Union Bankshares Corporation Leadership   John C. AsburyJohn Asbury is a career banker with more than 29 years of experience in Commercial and Corporate banking.  He has achieved increasing levels of leadership and responsibility during his banking career.  Most recently, Asbury was President and CEO of privately-held First National Bank of Santa Fe, a multi-state bank with locations primarily in the Southwest I-25 growth corridor between Denver, CO and Albuquerque, NM.  The bank recently entered into a definitive merger of equals agreement with Kansas-based Sunflower Financial that will create a $4 billion asset regional community bank in the western states.  Prior to that, he was Senior Executive Vice President and Head of the Business Services Group at Regions Financial Corporation, one of the nation’s largest full-service banks with $126 billion in assets.  Regions serves customers across the South, Midwest and Texas, and operates approximately 1,600 banking offices.  In this role Asbury led all lines of business that serve Regions’ business and commercial banking customers.  Previously, he spent 17 years at Bank of America, before leaving as the Pacific Northwest Region Executive for Business Banking in Seattle, WA. He has broad experience in commercial banking with prior positions responsible for multiple services and regions.  Asbury began his banking career in the management training program at Wachovia Bank & Trust in Winston-Salem, NC after graduating from Virginia Tech.  He also holds an MBA from The College of William & Mary and is a native of Virginia, born in Radford. G. William BealeBilly Beale has served as President and CEO of Union Bankshares Corporation (and its predecessor companies) since 1991.  He has also served on the Board of Directors since that time.  During his tenure, bank assets have grown to $8.1 billion from $180 million, representing a compound annual growth rate of 16.5%.  Total shareholder return through August 5th has been 858%. Beale started his banking career in Texas after receiving his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from The Citadel.  Prior to relocating to Virginia, he graduated from the Southwestern Graduate School of Banking at Southern Methodist University. Beale currently serves as President of The Society of the Cincinnati in the State of Virginia and as a member of the General Society’s Standing Committee.  He serves as Trustee of the Virginia Foundation for Independent Colleges and as a member of the Executive Committee of Venture Richmond.  He also is a Director of the Virginia Chamber of Commerce and The Greater Richmond Partnership. Previously, Beale served on the boards of the Virginia Bankers Association, the VBA Benefits Corporation, the Germanna Community College Educational Foundation, Mary Washington Health Systems, the Fredericksburg Regional Chamber of Commerce, the Rappahannock United Way, The Community Foundation for the Rappahannock River Region, the Historic Richmond Foundation, the State Fair of Virginia, the Caroline Chamber of Commerce, the Caroline County IDA, the Caroline Little League, and the Caroline County School Board. ABOUT UNION BANKSHARES CORPORATIONHeadquartered in Richmond, Virginia, Union Bankshares Corporation (NASDAQ:UBSH), is the holding company for Union Bank & Trust, which has 120 branches and nearly 200 ATMs throughout Virginia.  Non-bank affiliates of the holding company include: Union Mortgage Group, Inc., which provides a full line of mortgage products; Old Dominion Capital Management, Inc., which provides investment advisory services; and Union Insurance Group, LLC, which offers various lines of insurance products. Additional information on the company is available at http://investors.bankatunion.com. Forward Looking StatementsCertain statements in this release may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that include projections, predictions, expectations, or beliefs about future events or results or otherwise and are not statements of historical fact. Such statements are often characterized by the use of qualified words (and their derivatives) such as “expect,” “believe,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “will,” or words of similar meaning or other statements concerning opinions or judgment of the Company and its management about future events. Although the Company believes that its expectations with respect to forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions within the bounds of its existing knowledge of its business and operations, there can be no assurance that actual results, performance, or achievements of the Company will not differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from historical results or those anticipated depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the effects of and changes in: general economic and bank industry conditions, the interest rate environment, legislative and regulatory requirements, competitive pressures, new products and delivery systems, inflation, changes in the stock and bond markets, accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards, mergers and acquisitions, technology, consumer spending and savings habits and executive leadership changes.  More information is available on the Company’s website, http://investors.bankatunion.com and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website, www.sec.gov. The information on the Company’s website is not a part of this presentation. The Company does not intend or assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company.  Contact:  Bill Cimino (804) 448-0937, VP and Director of Corporate Communications


Related Articles
other press releases by Union Bankshares Corporation


Union Bankshares Corporation Declares Quarterly Dividend
July 20, 2017 07:51


Union Bankshares Reports Second Quarter Results
July 19, 2017 07:30


Union Bankshares Corporation to Release Second Quarter 2017 Results
July 05, 2017 14:42


Union Announces Retirement of Chief Banking Officer D. Anthony Peay
June 05, 2017 16:01


Union Bankshares Corporation Announces Agreement to Acquire Xenith Bankshares, Inc.
May 22, 2017 08:00






237



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Union Bankshares Corporation





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Richmond, Virginia, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Contact:  Bill Cimino (804) 448-0937, VP and Director of Corporate Communications







Media Files



Billy Beale2014


(JPEG - 374 x 800)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















Billy Beale


Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















JA014version3


(JPEG - 374 x 800)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















John Asbury


Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















Union Bankshares Corporation  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.







John C Conover Agency                                                                                                    - Asbury Park                                       , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Asbury Park



Real Estate Agents and Managers



Real Estate Brokers And Agents



                            John C Conover Agency
                                    



 





















J 


John C Conover Agency                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



200 MAIN ST ASBURY PARK, NJ 07712
Get Directions



(732) 897-9200
www.conovernj.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Real Estate Brokers And Agents
 Contacts Robert McCown                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


John C Conover Agency                                                                                                    is located at 200 Main St in Asbury Park and has been in the business of Real Estate Brokers And Agents since 2008. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 













 









Union Bankshares Corporation names John C. Asbury President; To succeed G. William Beale as CEO in 2017 - CBInsight




 



























































































Facebook twitter 


Opener

Connect with CBInsight

facebook twitter linkedin pinterest Instagram Google+ email 




Subscribe











  




Press
ShareShareSharePrintSubscribeGooglePinterestDiggRedditStumbleuponDeliciousBufferTumblr

 

Union Bankshares Corporation names John C. Asbury President; To succeed G. William Beale as CEO in 2017
Succession plan positions union for seamless leadership transition and strategic continuity
MORRISVILLE, VT (August 24, 2016) — The Board of Directors of Union Bankshares Corporation (“Union”) today announced that G. William (“Billy”) Beale, 66, will step down as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) on January 2, 2017, and will be succeeded by John C. Asbury, 51, who will become President of Union Bankshares Corporation and President and CEO of Union Bank & Trust effective October 1, 2016.  Beale will continue to work in an executive capacity as Executive Vice Chairman of the Board for Union Bankshares Corporation and Union Bank & Trust until March 31, 2017.  He will remain on the Board of Directors of Union Bankshares Corporation and stand for reelection to the Board at the 2017 Annual Meeting.
“Today’s announcement provides for leadership continuity to deliver upon Union’s future growth plans,” said Raymond D. Smoot, Jr., Chairman of the Board of Union Bankshares Corporation.  “The Board in conjunction with Billy actively engaged in a comprehensive succession plan that included a nationwide search.  It became clear that John’s demonstrated capabilities stemming from 29 years of leadership experience at some of the most well-known and highly-regarded banking institutions ideally suited him to lead our strategy of growing the Union franchise beyond the $10 billion asset threshold.  We are confident that this leadership succession plan solidly positions Union to generate consistent top-tier financial performance and attractive long-term shareholder returns.
“Billy’s tenure at Union has been tremendous,” continued Smoot.  “Under his leadership over the last 25 years, the bank has undergone a historic transformation from a small rural community bank to the largest Virginia-based community banking institution serving multiple markets with diversified lines of business.  Billy’s vision and energy has created a durable company that has grown assets to more than $8.1 billion from $180 million and delivered to shareholders a total cumulative return of more than 850% since the company went public in 1993.  On behalf of our shareholders, the Board and entire bank, we thank Billy for his dedication and commitment to making Union the outstanding institution it is today.”
“It has been a great privilege to lead Union for over 25 years, and I am proud of what we have accomplished together,” said Beale.  “Union has never been stronger and our strategy is delivering, so now is the ideal time to execute the leadership transition plan.  John brings proven capabilities in profitably growing business lines across key banking segments, including commercial, small business, retail and wealth management, as well as partnering with mortgage teams to deliver holistic financial solutions to customers.  His recent tenure at a community bank coupled with his deep executive experience at national and regional financial institutions makes him uniquely qualified to lead Union.  John understands the importance of preserving a customer and community centric culture while driving top tier performance.  I look forward to working with John and our teammates to further our path to top-tier financial performance.  Our future is bright and I am confident Union will continue to thrive under John’s leadership.”
“I am excited to join Union as only the 6th president in the bank’s 114-year history and honored to ultimately succeed Billy as CEO,” said Asbury.  “I look forward to working with the team to execute on the growth strategy and achieve the significant milestones that the company has laid out.  Under Billy’s leadership, Union has built an incredibly strong foundation and forged promising new growth avenues.  The company’s scale, talent, resources and outstanding performance record will enable us to successfully execute our strategy of organic growth complemented by select acquisitions.  I believe we are well positioned to capitalize on our strengths to continue to create long-term sustainable value for our shareholders, teammates and customers.”
Additional Information on Union Bankshares Corporation Leadership
John C. Asbury

John Asbury is a career banker with more than 29 years of experience in Commercial and Corporate banking.  He has achieved increasing levels of leadership and responsibility during his banking career.  Most recently, Asbury was President and CEO of privately-held First National Bank of Santa Fe, a multi-state bank with locations primarily in the Southwest I-25 growth corridor between Denver, CO and Albuquerque, NM.  The bank recently entered into a definitive merger of equals agreement with Kansas-based Sunflower Financial that will create a $4 billion asset regional community bank in the western states.  Prior to that, he was Senior Executive Vice President and Head of the Business Services Group at Regions Financial Corporation, one of the nation’s largest full-service banks with $126 billion in assets.  Regions serves customers across the South, Midwest and Texas, and operates approximately 1,600 banking offices.  In this role Asbury led all lines of business that serve Regions’ business and commercial banking customers.  Previously, he spent 17 years at Bank of America, before leaving as the Pacific Northwest Region Executive for Business Banking in Seattle, WA. He has broad experience in commercial banking with prior positions responsible for multiple services and regions.  Asbury began his banking career in the management training program at Wachovia Bank & Trust in Winston-Salem, NC after graduating from Virginia Tech.  He also holds an MBA from The College of William & Mary and is a native of Virginia, born in Radford.
G. William Beale


Billy Beale has served as President and CEO of Union Bankshares Corporation (and its predecessor companies) since 1991.  He has also served on the Board of Directors since that time.  During his tenure, bank assets have grown to $8.1 billion from $180 million, representing a compound annual growth rate of 16.5%.  Total shareholder return through August 5th has been 858%. Beale started his banking career in Texas after receiving his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from The Citadel.  Prior to relocating to Virginia, he graduated from the Southwestern Graduate School of Banking at Southern Methodist University.
Beale currently serves as President of The Society of the Cincinnati in the State of Virginia and as a member of the General Society’s Standing Committee.  He serves as Trustee of the Virginia Foundation for Independent Colleges and as a member of the Executive Committee of Venture Richmond.  He also is a Director of the Virginia Chamber of Commerce and The Greater Richmond Partnership.
Previously, Beale served on the boards of the Virginia Bankers Association, the VBA Benefits Corporation, the Germanna Community College Educational Foundation, Mary Washington Health Systems, the Fredericksburg Regional Chamber of Commerce, the Rappahannock United Way, The Community Foundation for the Rappahannock River Region, the Historic Richmond Foundation, the State Fair of Virginia, the Caroline Chamber of Commerce, the Caroline County IDA, the Caroline Little League, and the Caroline County School Board.



About Union Bankshares, Inc.
Union Bankshares, Inc., headquartered in Morrisville, Vermont, is the bank holding company parent of Union Bank, which provides commercial, retail and municipal banking services and asset management services throughout northern Vermont and New Hampshire.  Union Bank operates 17 banking offices, three loan centers, and multiple ATMs throughout its geographical footprint.
Union Bank has been helping people buy homes and local businesses create jobs in area communities since opening its doors over 125 years ago.  Union Bank has earned an exceptional reputation for residential lending programs and has recently been named, for the third consecutive year, the USDA RD Vermont lender of the year.   Union is also an SBA Preferred lender and has an Outstanding Community Reinvestment Act rating.  Union is proud to be one of the few community banks serving Vermont and New Hampshire and we maintain a strong commitment to traditional values.  Union is dedicated to providing genuine customer service and community support and donates to various local nonprofits annually.  These values--combined with financial expertise, quality products and the latest technology--make Union Bank the premier choice for your banking services, both personal and commercial.  Member FDIC.  Equal Housing Lender.
Proud to be one of the few community banks serving Vermont and New Hampshire, Union Bank maintains a strong commitment to traditional banking values, in particular, customer service and community support.
																				

Contacts

David S. Silverman
(802) 888.6600


 







What's Trending





July 19, 2017 – by John Pettit, CBInsight.com 
3 ways to inspire your employees









July 25, 2017 – by Wendy Bignon, CBInsight.com 
4 common phrases you should never utter in the workplace









July 21, 2017 – by John Pettit, CBInsight.com 
5 ways to conquer your fear of public speaking



See all news








 
More News


Latest
trending
featured






The latest










What's trending





Featured





 






Enter your name and email and get the weekly newsletter... it's FREE! Your information will NEVER be shared or sold to a 3rd party.





































John C. Asbury - Philadelphia - PA - US - Historical Marker Project







































Toggle navigation





Historical Marker Project





Historical Marker Project













Sign In
Sign Up




























John C. Asbury



 
 
 




John C. Asbury (HM1KNJ)
Location:  Philadelphia, PA 19146 Philadelphia County
          Country: United States of America
N 39° 56.435', W 75° 10.294'



Tweet











0
                            likes
                        


0
                            check ins
                        


0
                            favorites
                        


102
                            views
                        


 Check In
 Adopt Listing












EMAIL





PRINT





COMMENTS

(0)

 SAVE AS FAVORITE
 LIKE IT







Pictures


Sorry, but we don't have a picture of this historical marker yet. If you have a picture, please share it with us. It's simple to do. 1) Become a member. 2) Adopt this historical marker listing. 3) Upload the picture.
              







Inscription


(1862-1941)
A prominent African American Republican who as legislator sponsored a statewide civil rights bill in 1921 that served as a model for future efforts. He was a philanthropist, a founder of Eden Cemetery and Mercy Hospital, and editor of the Odd Fellows' Journal. Asbury resided here.                  


















Check Ins  check in   |    all

Have you seen this marker? If so, check in and tell us about it.









Details



HM NumberHM1KNJ
Tags

Black History, 
Civil Rights, 
Politics

Year Placed2014
Placed ByPennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission
Marker ConditionNo reports yet
Date Added Friday, May 22nd, 2015 at 10:03am PDT -07:00










Locationbig map




 GPX
 KML
 LOC




UTM (WGS84 Datum)18S E 485342 N 4421176
Decimal Degrees39.94058333, -75.17156667
Degrees and Decimal MinutesN 39° 56.435', W 75° 10.294'
Degrees, Minutes and Seconds39° 56' 26.1" N, 75° 10' 17.64" W
Driving DirectionsGoogle Maps 
Area Code(s)215, 267
Closest Postal AddressAt or near 1710 Christian St, Philadelphia PA 19146, US
Alternative Maps
Google Maps,
    MapQuest,
    Bing Maps,
    Yahoo Maps,
    MSR Maps,
    OpenCycleMap,
    MyTopo Maps,
    OpenStreetMap



            Is this marker missing? Are the coordinates wrong? Do you have additional information that you would like to share with us? If so,
check in.
              

















Nearby Markersshow on map


Show me all markers in:  Philadelphia, PA  |  Philadelphia County  |  19146  |  Pennsylvania  |  United States of America

Christian Street YMCA0.03 milesJack and Jill of America Foundation0.1 milesFirst African Baptist Church0.1 milesMercy Hospital0.14 milesMarian Anderson0.23 milesUnion Local 274, American Federation of Musicians0.27 milesTindley Temple0.29 milesCitizens and Southern Bank0.29 milesPhiladelphia Tribune0.32 milesFrederick Douglass Memorial Hospital0.36 miles
 GPX
 KML
 LOC








Comments 0 comments





Sign in to say something   [  no thanks ]







 Add Your Comment








Maintenance Issues


This marker needs at least one picture.
Is this marker part of a series?
What historical period does the marker represent?
What historical place does the marker represent?
What type of marker is it?
What class is the marker?
What style is the marker?
Does the marker have a number?
Can this marker be seen from the road?
Is the marker in the median?





 
 
﻿                



HM CODE
HM1KNJ
This marker can also be identified by its HM code. You can use the

                                hashtag #HM1KNJ in tweets, and any

                                other place where you might refer to this marker, including when searching on this site.




Our Latest Tweet
Historical Marker: Dedicated to the Memory, a War Memorial https://t.co/F9fLoDmnhP #HM1ZUU #HistoricalMarker @TweetsByHMP— about 9 hours ago
Follow @historicalmarkerproject





Stay In Touch

Twitter
Facebook
Google +






Popular Tags

14999US Civil War
13735Early Settlers
10080Industry and Commerce
9730Buildings
8302People
7266Churches and Religion
5685Colonial Era
5313US Revolutionary War
5162Education
4893Native Americans





 
 
 











@TweetsByHMP — Our most recent tweet:
                                

Historical Marker: Dedicated to the Memory, a War Memorial https://t.co/F9fLoDmnhP #HM1ZUU #HistoricalMarker @TweetsByHMP— about 9 hours ago









Stay In Touch










About Historical Marker Project

Historical Marker Project

We are building the largest online collection of historical markers, along with other markers that represent significant events, people, places, and more, but we can't do it without your help. Become a member and you'll be able to add historical markers, post comments, save favorites, check in, and more.


Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Keep up with everything we do — We'll deliver our newsletter to your inbox each week.












Historical Marker Project On Facebook



Quick Links

Company
                            
About Us
Media Relations
Newsletter
Direct Email


Account
                            
Sign In
Create Account
Forgot My Password
Forgot My Username


Get Help
                            

Contact
Search


Legal
                            
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer













                    © 2014-2015 
                    Historical Marker Project.
                     All Rights Reserved.
                    All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
                    
Terms and Conditions
                      |  
                    Privacy Policy
                      |  
                    Disclaimers
                      |  
                    About
                      |  
                    Contact Us







Historical Marker Project



















To top













John C. Asbury Named President & CEO Of First National Bank Of Santa Fe  | Los Alamos Daily Post



















Skip directly to content























 






































 






 



















Main Menu 2

Business DirectoryAirlines
Auto Dealers
Automotive Parts and Repair
Beauty and Barbers
Computer and Technical Services
Financial Services
Health & Wellness
Home Services
Laboratory Contractors
Medical & Dental
Pets and Animal Related
Realtors
Religious Organizations
Restaurants
Retail Stores and Shopping Outlets
Schools & Education

Classified MarketClassifieds
Classifieds - Commercial Opportunities
Classifieds - Employment & Volunteer Opportunities
Classifieds - Garage Sales
Classifieds - Housing for Rent / Lease / Purchase
Classifieds - Instruction, Training & Classes
Classifieds - Items for Sale
Classifieds - Lost and Found
Classifieds - Services
Craigslist Los Alamos
Freecycle Los Alamos
LANL - Available Jobs

Homes For SaleHomes For Sale
Weekend Open House Map and List

WeatherLos Alamos Accuweather
Satellite - West Conus Water Vapor Loop
Long Range Radar
NM Road Conditions
Google Public Alerts (Weather, etc.)
LANL Weather Machine
NOAA Aviation Satellite Loop

Galleries
FAQ
About/Contact Us
 








Main menu

Front
NEWS
SectionsCounty
State, Nation & World
Public Safety
 National Laboratory 
Business
Education
People & Community
Spirituality
Sports & Rec
Political News
Obituaries
Environment
Health Care
Science

Features
A&E
Life
Opinion & Columns
ETCTV Listings
External Audio Video TV Sources
New Mexico Telegram (Morning Word)
Capitol Report New Mexico
NM Politics with Joe Monahan
New Mexico Watch Dog
Roundhouse Roundup
New Mexico In Depth
John Fleck, writer for ABQ Journal - Tweets
New Mexico Weekly Fishing Report
New Mexico Magazine
Daily SuDoku

Legal Notices
 












 






































 



















































 



















You are hereHome 




















Search form

Search 





 









In and Around Town Calendar
Subscribe FREE to News Alerts
Make the Daily Post your Homepage
More News - Like us on Facebook
 









 
 

 

 
 
 































 































 




































 


























 











 


























 











 































 


























 











 





















 











 





















 
















 











 











 





















 









Council, Boards & Commissions Calendar
FYI Calendar
Los Alamos County Events Calendar
Hilltopper Athletics Calendar
Reel Deal Movie Schedule
PAC 8 TV Schedule
Hilltopper Sports Scores from MaxPrep
 









chamber button 








User login


Log in using OpenID 

What is OpenID?


Username *



Password *





Log in using OpenID
Cancel OpenID login
Request new password
 










John C. Asbury Named President & CEO Of First National Bank Of Santa Fe 

 









Submitted by Carol A. Clark 
on February 16, 2015 - 3:58pm


 John C. Asbury
BUSINESS News:
SANTA FE – The Board of Directors and Interim CEO Douglas M. Brown have announced that John C. Asbury has been named president and chief executive officer. William P. Sanders will continue as board chairman.
“It is with great pleasure that we announce John to lead the First National Family of Banks,” Brown said. “We have a heritage of providing financial services that help business leaders, entrepreneurs and individuals grow that dates back to 1870. John’s depth of experience and vision for the future of First National will continue that commitment.”
Asbury has more than 27 years of experience in commercial and corporate banking. Most recently he was senior executive vice president and head of the Business Services Group at Regions Financial Corporation, a top U.S. bank-holding company with $120 billion in assets, operating 1,650 banking offices in 16 states across the Southeast, Midwest and Texas. In this role, he led all lines of business that serve Regions’ business and commercial banking customers.
Previously he spent 17 years at Bank of America, before leaving as the Pacific Northwest Region executive and senior vice president of Business Banking in Seattle, Wash. Asbury has broad experience in commercial banking with prior positions responsible for multiple services and regions.
“I look forward to leading First National. Its strong entrepreneurial culture and dedication to the success of our clients presents a unique banking opportunity for our communities,” Asbury said.
About First National
Chartered in 1870 as the first bank in the Southwest, First National Bank of Santa Fe has a rich heritage of community commitment and financial strength and stability. With $1.7 billion in assets (as of December 31, 2014), First National is the largest locally-chartered banking organization in the state of New Mexico operating First National Rio Grande and First National Santa Fe. In Colorado, the Bank operates as First National Denver. First National operates through 25 branch locations in Colorado and New Mexico. Its bank holding company Strategic Growth Bancorp Incorporated is headquartered in El Paso, Texas and is building a leading community bank enterprise in the Southwestern United States, which also includes Capital Bank, headquartered in El Paso.  

Tags: Business 

















Advertisements 


























 





















 









 








 




 

 

































 








Follow us on:

Facebook
This site (RSS)
Twitter
YouTube
 











 



























Subscribe to your choice of breaking and/or daily news headlines. 













 
 
 
 










Copyright © 2012-2017 Los Alamos Daily Post. This Site and all information contained here including, but not limited to, news stories, photographs, video, charts, graphs and graphics is the property of the Los Alamos Daily Post, unless otherwise noted. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is hereby granted, provided that the Los Alamos Daily Post and the author/photographer are properly cited. Opinions expressed by readers, columnists and other contributors do not necessarily reflect the views of the Los Alamos Daily Post. The Los Alamos Daily Post was founded Feb. 7, 2012 by Owner/Publisher Carol A. Clark. 





















Political Capital · Goin' North







 













Skip to main content




  

Search using this query type:
Keyword
Boolean
Exact match 

Search only these record types:
 Item
 File
 Collection

Advanced Search (Items only)

Search





Biographies


Oral Histories


Stories


Archive


About


Credits

 



Biographies


Oral Histories


Stories


Archive


About


Credits

 



Home > The Citizens Republican Club of Philadelphia > Political Capital
Political Capital
Amos Scott and Politics  
Amos Scott (1859-1925) was Philadelphia’s first African-American magistrate. Scott, a former boxer and criminal (arrested for embezzlement and burglary) rose to fame in the Philadelphia political landscape through a relationship with William Vare, a local political boss. In exchange for Scott’s help gaining the South Philadelphia Black vote, the Vare political machine provided him with a job at the Mint, which then allowed Scott to become the first African American in Philadelphia to obtain a liquor license, contrary to Andrew Stevens, Sr.’s original moral code of the Citizens Republican Club. In 1903, due to his rising political fame, Scott became the president of the Citizens Republican Club. 
As the Vare machine attempted to gain the Black vote in Philadelphia, Scott, using his influence as a leader within the Citizens Republican Club, became a spokesperson and leader for the African-American community in Philadelphia. 
The ideal job for Scott seemed to be the City Magistrate, a position typically rewarded by the party for long-standing service, and due to Scott’s relationship with the Vares, they placed him on the Republican ticket in 1919. However, Scott’s name was dropped from the Republican primary ballot several days before the primary election, spurring the loss of 30,000 to 40,000 Black votes. In the end, J. Hampton Moore won the election for Mayor over the Vare supported candidate Judge John M. Patterson. 
On November 4, 1921 thanks to the backing of Charles Hall, a city councilman from the 7th Ward, Amos Scott became Philadelphia’s first African-American magistrate. Scott was now Black Philadelphia’s undisputed political boss, tangible proof of the race’s rising political might. 
 
 
 
...



Powered by Cincopa Video Hosting for Business solution.Amos Scott GalleryWilliam Vareoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 144height 217Citizens Republican Club Republican Rallyoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 2361height 3581Flyer, Nominate Amos Scottoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 2576height 1249Flyer in Honor  of Amos Scott Victoryoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 2410height 3581
 
John Cornelius Asbury
John C. Asbury (1862-1941) was a giant within Philadelphia’s African-American community during the early 1900s, and used his political capital to advocate for equal rights. Born in Washington County, Pennsylvania, Asbury received a law degree from Howard University in 1885. 
Once he moved to Philadelphia in 1897, Asbury worked for the Odd Fellows Journal, a publication of the influential African-American fraternity. In 1912, Asbury joined the Citizens Republican Club of Philadelphia and the Party elected him as an alternate delegate to the National Republican Convention. He gained prominence in Black Philadelphia for his success representing African Americans in civil rights cases. 
By 1916, Asbury used his connections from the Citizens Republican Club and other networking to become active in Philadelphia politics, receiving an appointment as Assistant City Solicitor, a post he held until 1920. In April 1920, the Republican Executive Committee for the 30th Ward supported Asbury for the Pennsylvania General Assembly, an office he won. 
Asbury aspired to affect civil rights advances at the state level. He wasted no time after his election to present House Bill 269, better known as the Asbury Bill, on February 1, 1921. The bill stated that the existence of segregated facilities was a direct violation of the law, and the maximum penalty for segregation would be a $500 fine and 30 days in jail. The House passed his bill. Senator Penrose of Philadelphia told the New York Times on April 3, 1921, “I see no reason why the colored man and colored women should not be able to obtain a cup of coffee at Childs if they want or for that matter go to hotels, cafes, restaurants or other public places frequented by white persons.” However, on April 19, 1921 Senator Penrose withdrew his support and the Asbury Bill died in the Senate. 
At a charity fundraiser in 1921, the Citizens Republican Club performed a minstrel show called “Killing the Civil Rights Bill,” with African-American actors, including current Citizens Republican President Edward Henry, in blackface, spoofing the events surrounding the Asbury Equal Rights Bill. 
Asbury introduced another Equal Rights Bill to the General Assembly in 1923. That bill too died in Congress. On March 15, 1924, Asbury left Pennsylvania State politics. The reasons surrounding his departure are cloudy, but the Philadelphia Tribune, in 1962, argued that the Vare machine “kicked Asbury out of the state legislature because he tried to force the passage of an equal rights bill.” 
Asbury strongly advocated for equal rights in all aspects of life, including equal rights in burial. Historically, many African Americans were buried in the Potter’s Field, with no real dignity. Asbury, using his influence as a prominent member of Black Philadelphia, managed to fence off the section of the cemetery where African-Americans were buried. He later founded the Eden Cemetery in Collingdale, Pennsylvania as a place where African Americans could be buried with dignity and respect. 
...



Powered by Cincopa Video Hosting for Business solution.New Gallery 2014/12/7John C. AsburyPortrait of John C. Asbury.originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 288height 433A.F. Stevens and J.C. Asbury Begin Their Legislative The newly elected members of the Pennsylvania State Legislature, John Asbury and Andrew Stevens, will represent the race of the entire state as they fight for equal rights. originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMheight 1746width 552orientation 1camerasoftware Adobe Photoshop CS6 A Public Discussion of the Ku Klux KlanA poster advertising the upcoming discourse on the Ku Klux Klan including John C .Asbury, Esquire and William H. Lewis, Esquire.originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 2439height 3601The People's Savings Bank, 1911A check from The People's Savings Bank, to the order of John Asbury for $17. originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 2810height 1220First Congressional District, Great Mass Meeting, 1922A poster for Pennsylvania's First Congressional District's upcoming mass meeting at the Zion A. M. E. Church.originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 2244height 3503All Philadelphia Big Mass Meeting, 1928A poster outlining the upcoming political, educational, and civic rally for black empowerment.  John C. Asbury is a noted speaker at this event.originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 2254height 3533





