






Ascendant Dx




























































Innovationsfrom bench to bedside



Our mission is to commercialize disruptive diagnostic technologies to aid in diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women and children.  







Tear Based Breast Cancer Screening+ Easy+ Inexpensive+ Accurate The Breast Cancer Screenings →November 1st

Learn More








July 9, 2017Arkansas firm, Ascendant Dx, uses tears to diagnose breast cancer →November 9, 2016Could tears be used to detect breast cancer? Bizarre experiment sees researchers asking weepy cinema goers to donate theirs to find out. →November 2, 2016New Zealand women gave their tears to research at The Breast Cancer Screenings. →November 1, 2016Women have a good cry for breast cancer research. →

Read More
 























Contact — Ascendant Dx





















































 Get in touch. If you would like more information about Ascendant Dx, our products or our partners, please contact us.  





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject  *



Message *






Thank you!




OUR OFFICE1200 Stewart PlaceSpringdale, AR 72764 























Who We Are — Ascendant Dx





















































Our team consists of prominent science and business professionals with extensive knowledge and experience.







Omid Moghadam CEO & Chairman of the Board of DirectorsOmid Moghadam is the CEO and Chairman of Ascendant Dx, a diagnostics firm developing new diagnostics approaches to diseases with poor or no existing diagnostic tests. He is an inventor of 25 patented technologies, and a serial entrepreneur with 22 years of experience in commercializing new technologies. Prior to joining Ascendant, Moghadam had an appointment at Harvard Medical School's Center for Biomedical Informatics, where he focused on applications of personal genomics in clinical practice, and at Xovo Inc, a firm he founded to commercialize new genome analysis tools. Prior to Harvard, he founded two new businesses at Intel: Integrated Analytics Solutions, a division providing services to the genomics industry and Dossia, a corporation that created the first national network for managing personally controlled health records. Today, some of the largest US corporations such as Intel, Wal-Mart and ATT are using Dossia (www.dossia.com) to revolutionize their employee healthcare offerings. Early in his career, Moghadam held executive positions with AMS-CGI and Eastman Kodak corporations where he spearheaded new innovations in cardiac imaging and digital photography. He is the chairman of CardioWise Inc (www.cardiowise.com), board member at NanoWatt Design Inc (www.nanowattdesign.com), OsteoVantage (www.osteovantage.com), and Resounding Health. He also serves on the advisory boards of Life Time Health Diary, and Base Health Corporations as well as an Executive In Residence at UCLA. Previously, he served as an advisor to Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Children's Hospital Boston, and California Healthcare Foundation and as a board member at Best Shot Foundation, and Healthe Australia Pty. 







V. Suzanne Klimberg, MD Medical DirectorDr. Klimberg discovered breast cancer protein patterns in tears and is the co-inventor of the company’s first product, MelodyDx™. She is a practicing breast surgeon and the director of the Breast Cancer Program at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) Winthrop P. Rockefeller Cancer Institute in Little Rock, Ark. She holds the Muriel Balsam Kohn Chair in Breast Surgical Oncology and is a professor of surgery and pathology at UAMS. Since 1993, Dr. Klimberg has been director of Fellowship in Diseases of the Breast at the UAMS Cancer Institute and John L. McClellan VA Hospital. Research has been an important component of Klimberg’s career and she has consistently received highly sought after and competitive funding awards from national organizations including: National Institutes of Health, American Cancer Society and Susan G. Komen Foundation. She holds a number of elected offices and appointments including President, Society of Surgical Oncology, Board Member, American Cancer Society and Board Member, American Society of Breast Surgeons. Klimberg has received numerous awards and honors, has produced more than 200 publications and chapters and serves on editorial boards for several professional journals.







Mark S. Boguski, MD, PhD Scientific Advisory Board MemberDr. Mark Boguski is on the faculty of Harvard Medical School and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston where he founded the Genomic Medicine Initiative in 2009. Boguski is a pioneer in the fields of bioinformatics and genomics and has previously held faculty positions at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, the U.S. National Institutes of Health, the U.S. National Library of Medicine and has been an executive in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. He is a former vice-president of Novartis and a Visionary and Influencer according to the Personalized Medicine Coalition. Boguski is a member of the Institute of Medicine of the U.S. National Academies, the American College of Medical Informatics, the Society for Participatory Medicine and is also a Fellow of the College of American Pathologists. He is a graduate of the Medical Scientist Training Program at Washington University in St. Louis.







Isaac Kohane Scientific Advisory Board MemberIsaac Kohane is the Co-Director of the Center for Biomedical Informatics at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Kohane is also the Director of the Francis A. Countway Library of Medicine at Harvard. He is the Director of the Boston Children’s Hospital Informatics Program and is the Henderson Professor of Pediatrics and Health Sciences and Technology at HMS. He is a founder of the Center for Outcome and Policy Research at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and founder and Associate Director for the Center for Genetic Epidemiology at HMS. He is a Fellow of the American College of Medical Informatics and of the Society of Pediatric Research, a member of the Institute of Medicine, and a member of the American Society of Clinical Investigation.Dr. Kohane leads multiple collaborations at HMS and is hospital affiliates in the use of genomics and computer science to study cancer and the development of the brain (with emphasis on autism). He has developed several computer systems to allow multiple hospital systems to be used as “living laboratories” to study the genetic basis of disease while preserving patient privacy. Dr. Kohane’s research builds on his doctoral work in computer science on decision-support and subsequent research in machine-learning applied to biomedicine. Dr. Kohane leads several NIH-funded efforts to translate genomic research into clinical practice and continues his own practice in pediatric endocrinology at Boston Children’s Hospital.







Anna Daily, PhD Chief ScientistDr. Daily joined Ascendant Dx in January of 2011 after completing a post-doctoral research associate position in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of Arkansas. Daily’s main focus since joining the company has been leading the research and development of MelodyDx, a tear protein based assay for the detection of breast cancer. As such, she has played a key role in establishing clinical, industrial, and academic partnerships both locally and across the country. Dr. Daily provides expertise in the expression and purification of recombinant proteins, genetic engineering/cloning, as well as numerous biophysical and analytical chemistry techniques towards the characterization of proteins.







Lindsay Rutherford, PhD Senior ScientistDr. Rutherford received her PhD in Biochemistry from the University of Arkansas in 2011. After completing her PhD, she served as a scientist at BiologicsMD focusing on development of a treatment for osteoporosis. As a senior scientist at Ascendant Diagnostics, Rutherford provides expertise in the expression and purification of recombinant proteins, bacterial and mammalian cell culture as well as extensive ELISA assay development. 







Steven E. Harms, MD, FACR Board of DirectorsDr. Steven Harms is an internationally recognized clinical radiologist and breast cancer specialist, entrepreneur and inventor. He was formerly on the faculty at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS), Baylor University Medical Center, and M. D. Anderson Cancer Institute. Harms is a fellow of the Breast Imaging Society and has been on the Best Doctor's in America since 2003. Susan G. Komen for the Cure named Harms “Komen Foundation Scientist of the Year” in 1998. He practices at MANA's The Breast Center in Fayetteville, Arkansas, and continues to be a clinical professor at UAMS. Harms is currently the Program Chairman of the American Society of Breast Disease and has served on the board of directors since 2003. He also serves on the American Cancer Society Breast Cancer Screening Guidelines Committee.







Dick Bond Board of DirectorsMr. Richard L. Bond has over forty years of business experience in the food industry. Mr. Bond was named President and Chief Executive Officer of Tyson Foods in May 2006 and oversaw all operations and sales for the company until his retirement in 2009. He was also a member of the company's Board of Directors. Mr. Bond served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Tyson Foods from 2003 to 2006 and was Co-Chief Operating Officer and Group President, Fresh Meats and Retail, from 2001 to 2003. He previously served as President and COO of IBP, Inc. from 1997 until its acquisition by Tyson in September 2001. He was also a member of IBP's board of directors. Bond joined IBP in 1980 as an administrative assistant and served in several other management positions, including President of IBP's Fresh Meats Division, Vice President-Boxed Beef Sales and Group Vice President-Beef Sales and Marketing. He was appointed an IBP president and named a director in 1995, and became Chief Operating Officer in 1997. Mr. Bond holds a degree in business administration from Elizabethtown College of Pennsylvania. He worked for several other food companies, including Pet, Inc., before joining IBP. He has been involved in the food industry since 1969 and is an active investor in multiple technology start-up companies.







Amit Mehta, MD Board of DirectorsDr. Amit Mehta is the vice-President and co-founder of Intrinsic Imaging, LLC, an imaging contract research organization that specializes in utilizing imaging biomarkers for clinical trials. He also serves as vice-president of the South Texas Radiology Group/Imaging Centers with a full clinical practice in Minimally Invasive Image Guided Surgery. He completed his residency in Diagnostic Radiology at Harvard Medical School's Massachusetts General Hospital. He has co-authored three textbooks in radiology, has been widely published in peer-reviewed journals for which he now serves as a reviewer and currently is appointed as a SBIR/STTR reviewer for the National Institutes of Health. Mehta was selected in 2010 as one of the “Top 40 under 40” by the San Antonio Business Journal.







Ran Whitehead Board of DirectorsRan Whitehead is the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Mission Officer at PeaceHealth Laboratories. Peacehealth Laboratories provides comprehensive laboratory services throughout Oregon, Washington and Alaska with specialty testing across the US. Whitehead’s knowledgeable and forward thinking leadership has empowered the companies reputation for technical and clinical excellence, collaborative partnerships, and innovative programs. He has led initiatives such as the distance learning program that was later adopted by laboratories across the country. With more than 40 years experience in the laboratory industry, Whitehead has led laboratories in a variety of settings from founding a start up venture backed home healthcare laboratory in Tennessee to leading a for-profit laboratory in New Mexico and non-for profit health system laboratories in Florida, North Carolina and Oregon. He earned his Master of Business Administration at Duke University and his Bachelor of Science in Medical Technology at Michigan State University.























Who We Are — Ascendant Dx





















































Our team consists of prominent science and business professionals with extensive knowledge and experience.







Omid Moghadam CEO & Chairman of the Board of DirectorsOmid Moghadam is the CEO and Chairman of Ascendant Dx, a diagnostics firm developing new diagnostics approaches to diseases with poor or no existing diagnostic tests. He is an inventor of 25 patented technologies, and a serial entrepreneur with 22 years of experience in commercializing new technologies. Prior to joining Ascendant, Moghadam had an appointment at Harvard Medical School's Center for Biomedical Informatics, where he focused on applications of personal genomics in clinical practice, and at Xovo Inc, a firm he founded to commercialize new genome analysis tools. Prior to Harvard, he founded two new businesses at Intel: Integrated Analytics Solutions, a division providing services to the genomics industry and Dossia, a corporation that created the first national network for managing personally controlled health records. Today, some of the largest US corporations such as Intel, Wal-Mart and ATT are using Dossia (www.dossia.com) to revolutionize their employee healthcare offerings. Early in his career, Moghadam held executive positions with AMS-CGI and Eastman Kodak corporations where he spearheaded new innovations in cardiac imaging and digital photography. He is the chairman of CardioWise Inc (www.cardiowise.com), board member at NanoWatt Design Inc (www.nanowattdesign.com), OsteoVantage (www.osteovantage.com), and Resounding Health. He also serves on the advisory boards of Life Time Health Diary, and Base Health Corporations as well as an Executive In Residence at UCLA. Previously, he served as an advisor to Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Children's Hospital Boston, and California Healthcare Foundation and as a board member at Best Shot Foundation, and Healthe Australia Pty. 







V. Suzanne Klimberg, MD Medical DirectorDr. Klimberg discovered breast cancer protein patterns in tears and is the co-inventor of the company’s first product, MelodyDx™. She is a practicing breast surgeon and the director of the Breast Cancer Program at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) Winthrop P. Rockefeller Cancer Institute in Little Rock, Ark. She holds the Muriel Balsam Kohn Chair in Breast Surgical Oncology and is a professor of surgery and pathology at UAMS. Since 1993, Dr. Klimberg has been director of Fellowship in Diseases of the Breast at the UAMS Cancer Institute and John L. McClellan VA Hospital. Research has been an important component of Klimberg’s career and she has consistently received highly sought after and competitive funding awards from national organizations including: National Institutes of Health, American Cancer Society and Susan G. Komen Foundation. She holds a number of elected offices and appointments including President, Society of Surgical Oncology, Board Member, American Cancer Society and Board Member, American Society of Breast Surgeons. Klimberg has received numerous awards and honors, has produced more than 200 publications and chapters and serves on editorial boards for several professional journals.







Mark S. Boguski, MD, PhD Scientific Advisory Board MemberDr. Mark Boguski is on the faculty of Harvard Medical School and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston where he founded the Genomic Medicine Initiative in 2009. Boguski is a pioneer in the fields of bioinformatics and genomics and has previously held faculty positions at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, the U.S. National Institutes of Health, the U.S. National Library of Medicine and has been an executive in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. He is a former vice-president of Novartis and a Visionary and Influencer according to the Personalized Medicine Coalition. Boguski is a member of the Institute of Medicine of the U.S. National Academies, the American College of Medical Informatics, the Society for Participatory Medicine and is also a Fellow of the College of American Pathologists. He is a graduate of the Medical Scientist Training Program at Washington University in St. Louis.







Isaac Kohane Scientific Advisory Board MemberIsaac Kohane is the Co-Director of the Center for Biomedical Informatics at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Kohane is also the Director of the Francis A. Countway Library of Medicine at Harvard. He is the Director of the Boston Children’s Hospital Informatics Program and is the Henderson Professor of Pediatrics and Health Sciences and Technology at HMS. He is a founder of the Center for Outcome and Policy Research at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and founder and Associate Director for the Center for Genetic Epidemiology at HMS. He is a Fellow of the American College of Medical Informatics and of the Society of Pediatric Research, a member of the Institute of Medicine, and a member of the American Society of Clinical Investigation.Dr. Kohane leads multiple collaborations at HMS and is hospital affiliates in the use of genomics and computer science to study cancer and the development of the brain (with emphasis on autism). He has developed several computer systems to allow multiple hospital systems to be used as “living laboratories” to study the genetic basis of disease while preserving patient privacy. Dr. Kohane’s research builds on his doctoral work in computer science on decision-support and subsequent research in machine-learning applied to biomedicine. Dr. Kohane leads several NIH-funded efforts to translate genomic research into clinical practice and continues his own practice in pediatric endocrinology at Boston Children’s Hospital.







Anna Daily, PhD Chief ScientistDr. Daily joined Ascendant Dx in January of 2011 after completing a post-doctoral research associate position in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of Arkansas. Daily’s main focus since joining the company has been leading the research and development of MelodyDx, a tear protein based assay for the detection of breast cancer. As such, she has played a key role in establishing clinical, industrial, and academic partnerships both locally and across the country. Dr. Daily provides expertise in the expression and purification of recombinant proteins, genetic engineering/cloning, as well as numerous biophysical and analytical chemistry techniques towards the characterization of proteins.







Lindsay Rutherford, PhD Senior ScientistDr. Rutherford received her PhD in Biochemistry from the University of Arkansas in 2011. After completing her PhD, she served as a scientist at BiologicsMD focusing on development of a treatment for osteoporosis. As a senior scientist at Ascendant Diagnostics, Rutherford provides expertise in the expression and purification of recombinant proteins, bacterial and mammalian cell culture as well as extensive ELISA assay development. 







Steven E. Harms, MD, FACR Board of DirectorsDr. Steven Harms is an internationally recognized clinical radiologist and breast cancer specialist, entrepreneur and inventor. He was formerly on the faculty at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS), Baylor University Medical Center, and M. D. Anderson Cancer Institute. Harms is a fellow of the Breast Imaging Society and has been on the Best Doctor's in America since 2003. Susan G. Komen for the Cure named Harms “Komen Foundation Scientist of the Year” in 1998. He practices at MANA's The Breast Center in Fayetteville, Arkansas, and continues to be a clinical professor at UAMS. Harms is currently the Program Chairman of the American Society of Breast Disease and has served on the board of directors since 2003. He also serves on the American Cancer Society Breast Cancer Screening Guidelines Committee.







Dick Bond Board of DirectorsMr. Richard L. Bond has over forty years of business experience in the food industry. Mr. Bond was named President and Chief Executive Officer of Tyson Foods in May 2006 and oversaw all operations and sales for the company until his retirement in 2009. He was also a member of the company's Board of Directors. Mr. Bond served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Tyson Foods from 2003 to 2006 and was Co-Chief Operating Officer and Group President, Fresh Meats and Retail, from 2001 to 2003. He previously served as President and COO of IBP, Inc. from 1997 until its acquisition by Tyson in September 2001. He was also a member of IBP's board of directors. Bond joined IBP in 1980 as an administrative assistant and served in several other management positions, including President of IBP's Fresh Meats Division, Vice President-Boxed Beef Sales and Group Vice President-Beef Sales and Marketing. He was appointed an IBP president and named a director in 1995, and became Chief Operating Officer in 1997. Mr. Bond holds a degree in business administration from Elizabethtown College of Pennsylvania. He worked for several other food companies, including Pet, Inc., before joining IBP. He has been involved in the food industry since 1969 and is an active investor in multiple technology start-up companies.







Amit Mehta, MD Board of DirectorsDr. Amit Mehta is the vice-President and co-founder of Intrinsic Imaging, LLC, an imaging contract research organization that specializes in utilizing imaging biomarkers for clinical trials. He also serves as vice-president of the South Texas Radiology Group/Imaging Centers with a full clinical practice in Minimally Invasive Image Guided Surgery. He completed his residency in Diagnostic Radiology at Harvard Medical School's Massachusetts General Hospital. He has co-authored three textbooks in radiology, has been widely published in peer-reviewed journals for which he now serves as a reviewer and currently is appointed as a SBIR/STTR reviewer for the National Institutes of Health. Mehta was selected in 2010 as one of the “Top 40 under 40” by the San Antonio Business Journal.







Ran Whitehead Board of DirectorsRan Whitehead is the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Mission Officer at PeaceHealth Laboratories. Peacehealth Laboratories provides comprehensive laboratory services throughout Oregon, Washington and Alaska with specialty testing across the US. Whitehead’s knowledgeable and forward thinking leadership has empowered the companies reputation for technical and clinical excellence, collaborative partnerships, and innovative programs. He has led initiatives such as the distance learning program that was later adopted by laboratories across the country. With more than 40 years experience in the laboratory industry, Whitehead has led laboratories in a variety of settings from founding a start up venture backed home healthcare laboratory in Tennessee to leading a for-profit laboratory in New Mexico and non-for profit health system laboratories in Florida, North Carolina and Oregon. He earned his Master of Business Administration at Duke University and his Bachelor of Science in Medical Technology at Michigan State University.
















 





Ascendant Diagnostics | EquityNet
































































Leading Business Funding Platform.  $115+ million in funds raised by entrepreneurs in the last 12 months*













Sign Up
Log In
















edit


cancel
save


cancel
save


Ascendant Diagnostics




Fayetteville, AR 72701, USBiotechnologywww.ascendant-diagnostics.com



Ascendant Diagnostics. LLC is an early stage biotechnology company located in Fayetteville, AR with a mission of developing low cost, non-invasive biomarker based diagnostic tests for the early detection of serious diseases. Ascendant Diagnostics, first product in development, MelodyDx™, is a highly accurate, low-cost, non-invasive, diagnostic screening test for the detection of breast cancer. A tandem mass spectrometry LC-MS based test will be designed to be implimented in a CLIA certified medical testing laboratory. In this design, ocular wash samples could be collected at a physician’s office and sent to the testing facility. After testing and analysis is complete, the results would be sent back to the consulting physician’s office to be relayed to the patient. Ascendant has established a working relationship with PeaceHealth Laboratories of Vancouver, Washington, a CLIA certified medical testing laboratory, which specializes in LC-MS based medical testing.  A key innovation of Ascendant’s detection platform is in the use of ocular wash samples as the testing fluid. The collection of ocular wash is simple, quick, pain free, and non-invasive. This fluid is well suited as a diagnostic material because it contains proteins in high concentrations (8ug/ul) and changes in ocular protein content can reflect normal or disease states. In addition, ocular wash samples are a more accommodating fluid to work with, as very little sample preparation is needed compared to other human fluids such as urine or blood . Importantly, the reduced sample preparation and handling is likely to reduce the overall cost and time associated with testing. 













Tweet


Copy URL



General Information




What is your business name?




Uploading...









Where is your business located?




Select State / Province
N/A
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon

Where is your business located?







Where is your business located?




Select Country
United States
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia And Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D’Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic Of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle Of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People’s Republic Of
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People’s Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre And Miquelon
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province Of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis And Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe

Where is your business located?













Social Links




















Company Industry
Select Industry:

Please choose an industry.



Biotech, Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare, Medical Devices & Equipment




Biotechnology




Biotechnology – Devices & Equipment



Biotechnology – Drugs



Other Biotechnology




Healthcare




Healthcare Information Services



Healthcare Plans



Home Healthcare



Hospitals



Long-Term Care Facilities



Medical Laboratories & Research



Medical Practitioners



Specialized Health Services



Other Healthcare




Medical Devices & Equipment




Diagnostic



Imaging



Lab Instruments



Patient Monitoring



Surgical



Therapeutic



Other Medical Devices & Equipment




Pharmaceuticals




Diagnostic Substances



Drug Delivery Systems



Drug Manufacturer



Drug Related Products



Nutrition & Other Health-Related Products 



Vitamins



Other Pharmaceuticals





Business Products & Services, IT Services




Business Products & Services




Advertising



Accounting & Bookkeeping



Building Maintenance & Related Services



Collection & Credit Reporting



Education & Training Services



Legal Services



Management Consulting Services



Marketing & Public Relations Services



Miscellaneous Business Services



Photocopying & Graphic Design



Printing



Rental & Leasing Services



Research Services



Security & Protection Products & Services



Staffing & Outsourcing Services



Technical Services



Other Business Products & Services



e-Marketplace




Information Technology Services




Diversified Communication Services



Information & Delivery Services



Information Technology Services



Internet Information Providers



Internet Services



Security Services



Other Information Technology Services





Communications




Communications Equipment




Communication Processing Equipment



Fiberoptic & Photonics



Networking & Communication Devices



Satellite & Microwave Communication Equipment



Switching & Transmission Equipment



Wireless Equipment



Other Communications Equipment




Communications Services - General




Cable & Satellite Providers



Internet Service Providers



Other Communications Services




Telecommunications




Long Distance Services



Telecom Services – Domestic



Telecom Services – Foreign



Wireless Communications Services



Other Telecommunications





Computers & Control Systems, Peripherals, Robotics




Computers




Diversified Computer Systems



Personal Computers



Data Storage Devices



High Performance Computer Systems



Processing Systems & Products



Other Computer Systems & Devices




Computer & Control Systems, Robotics




Computer-Based Systems



Control Systems



Robotics




Computer Peripherals




Cards & Connectors



Monitors



PDAs



Printers



Printed Circuit Boards



Scanning Hardware



Other Computer Peripherals





Consumer Products & Services, Retailing




Consumer Products




Appliances



Auto Parts



Beverages



Business Equipment



Cleaning Products



Confectioners



Dairy Products



Farm Products



Food



Home Furnishings & Fixtures



Housewares & Accessories



Meat Products



Office Supplies



Packaging & Containers



Paper & Paper Products



Personal Products



Photographic Equipment & Supplies



Processed & Packaged Goods



Recreational Goods, Other



Recreational Vehicles



Rubber & Plastics



Sporting Goods



Textile - Apparel Clothing



Textile - Apparel Footwear & Accessories



Toys & Games



Other Consumer Products




Consumer Services




CATV Systems 



Education & Training Services



Lodging



Personal Services



Rental & Leasing Services



Resorts & Casinos



Restaurants



Security & Protection Services



Specialty Eateries



Sporting Activities



Technical Services



Wholesale, Other



Other Consumer Services




Retailing




Apparel Stores



Auto Dealerships



Auto Parts Stores



Auto Parts Wholesale



Basic Materials Wholesale



Building Materials Wholesale



Catalog & Mail Order Houses



Computers Wholesale



Department Stores



Discount, Variety Stores



Drug Stores



Drugs Wholesale



Electronics Stores



Electronics Wholesale



Food Wholesale



Grocery Stores



Home Furnishing Stores



Home Improvement Stores



Industrial Equipment Wholesale



Jewelry Stores



Medical Equipment Wholesale



Music & Video Stores



Specialty Retail, Other



Sporting Goods Stores



Toy & Hobby Stores



Other Retailing





Electronics & Instrumentation, Semiconductors, Nanotechnology




Electronics & Instrumentation




Diversified Electronics



Electronic Equipment



Electronic Test & Measure Instruments



Scientific & Technical Instruments



Other Electronics & Instrumentation




Semiconductors




Semiconductor - Broad Line



Semiconductor - Integrated Circuits



Semiconductor - Memory Chips



Semiconductor - Specialized



Semiconductor Equipment & Materials



Other Semiconductors




Nanotechnology




Nanotechnology





Energy & Utilities




Alternative & Renewable Energy




Biogas & Ethanol



Biomass



Fuel Cell



Geothermal



Hydrogen



Photovoltaic & Other Solar



Wind



Other Alternative & Renewable Energy




Oil & Gas Production & Processing




Independent Oil & Gas



Integrated Oil & Gas



Oil & Gas Drilling & Exploration



Oil & Gas Equipment & Services



Oil & Gas Pipelines



Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing



Other Oil & Gas Energy




Energy Storage & Transport Power




Energy Efficiency



Energy Conversion & Storage



Energy Transmission



Transport Power Generation



Other Energy Storage & Transport Power Generation




Electricity Generation & Utilities




Diversified Utilities



Electric Utilities



Gas Utilities



Low-Emission Electricity Generation



Water Utilities



Other Electricity Generation & Utilities





Financial Services & Real Estate




Financial Services




Accident & Health Insurance



Asset Management



Credit Services



Diversified Investments



Insurance Brokers



Investment Brokerage – National



Investment Brokerage – Regional



Life Insurance



Money Center Banks



Mortgage Investment



Property & Casualty Insurance



Regional Banks



Savings & Loans



Surety & Title Insurance



Other Financial Services




Real Estate




Property Investment & Management



REIT - Diversified



REIT - Healthcare Facilities



REIT - Hotel/Motel



REIT - Industrial



REIT - Office



REIT - Residential



REIT - Retail



Real Estate Development



Residential Construction



Other Real Estate





Industrial & Manufacturing, Materials, Chemicals




Chemicals




Agricultural Chemicals



Basic & Intermediate Chemicals



Coatings & Other Finishing Products



Diversified Chemicals



Plastics & Fibers



Paints



Specialty Chemicals



Other Chemicals




Industrial & Manufacturing




Construction Machinery



Diversified Machinery



Farm Machinery



General Contractors



Heavy Construction



Industrial Electrical Equipment



Industrial Equipment & Components



Machine Tools & Accessories



Manufactured Housing



Metal Fabrication



Pollution & Treatment Controls



Small Tools & Accessories



Textile Industrial



Waste Management



Other Industrial & Manufacturing




Materials




Aluminum



Cement



Copper



General Building Materials



Gold



Industrial Metals & Minerals



Lumber, Wood Production



Nonmetallic Mineral Mining



Silver



Steel & Iron



Synthetics



Other Materials





Media & Entertainment




Entertainment




Entertainment - Diversified



Gaming Activities (non-software)



General Entertainment



Internet Entertainment



Theaters



Other Entertainment




Media




Broadcasting Radio



Broadcasting - TV



Internet Media



Movie Production



Music Production & Publishing



Publishing - Conventional



Publishing - Electronic



Other Media





Software




Web Service Software




Consulting and Development Support Services



Database & File Management Software



Document Management Software



Educational Software



Engineering Software



Financial Software



Gaming & Entertainment Software



Internet Infrastructure Software



Manufacturing & Industrial Software



Miscellaneous Business Software



Multimedia & Graphics Software



Networking & Connectivity Software



Operating Systems, Languages, & Utility Software



Scientific & CAD/CAM Software



Security Software



Technical & System Software



Open-Source Software



Other Web Service Software




Packaged Software




Consulting and Development Support Services



Database & File Management Software



Document Management Software



Educational Software



Engineering Software



Financial Software



Gaming & Entertainment Software



Internet Infrastructure Software



Manufacturing & Industrial Software



Miscellaneous Business Software



Multimedia & Graphics Software



Networking & Connectivity Software



Operating Systems, Languages, & Utility Software



Scientific & CAD/CAM Software



Security Software



Technical & System Software



Open-Source Software



Other Packaged Software





Transportation & Distribution, Aerospace, Defense




Aerospace




Aerospace - Diversified



Aerospace Products & Services



Other Aerospace




Defense




Defense - Diversified



Defense Products & Services



Other Defense




Transportation & Distribution




Air Delivery & Freight Services



Airlines



Other Air Services



Logistics Systems & Services



Rail



Regional Airlines



Shipping



Trucking



Other Transportation & Distribution






Company Description


0 / 250

Please describe your company.



0 / 2000

Please describe your company.









edit


cancel
save


Summary






Prior Year Revenue
Current Year Revenue
Next Year Revenue




Sign up as Investor
Sign up as Investor
Sign up as Investor







Company Age
Employees
Sub-Industry




6 years, 9 months
3
Biotechnology – Devices & Equipment






Company Type
Stock Exchange
Stock Symbol




Privately-Held
-
-





Company Financials
Viewable by EquityNet investors only








Company Age & Size





Stock Exchange


Is this company privately-held or publicly-traded?
Privately-HeldPublicly-Traded





Select Stock Exchange
BIT - (Borsa Italiana)
CNSX - (Canadian National Stock Exchange)
CVE - (Canadian Venture Exchange)
EBR
ETA
ETR
EURONEXT
HEL
HKG
JP
KOSDAQ
LON
NYSEMKT
OTCBB
OTCMKTS
STO
TLV
TPE
TYO
VTX
NYSE - (New York Stock Exchange)
NASDAQ - (National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations)
TSE - (Japan, Tokyo Stock Exchange)
LSE - (London, United Kingdom)
NYX - (Amsterdam, Euronext)
SEHK - (Hong Kong)
SSE - (Shanghai)
TSX - (Toronto)
FWB - (Frankfurt)
ASX - (Australia)
BSE - (Bombay)
NSE - (National Stock Exchange of India)
SIX - (Swiss Exchange)
BMV - (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores)
FBOVESPA - (Brazil)
BM - (Bm&amp;fBovespa)
KRX - (Korea)
SZSE - (Shenzhen)
BME - (BME Spanish Exchange)
JSE - (South Africa - JSE Limited)
MOEX - (Moscow Exchange)
SGX - (Singapore)
TSEC - (Taiwan)












add


cancel
save


Products / Services









0 / 1000





MelodyDx
MelodyDx™, is a highly accurate, low-cost, non-invasive, diagnostic screening test for the detection of breast cancer. A tandem mass spectrometry LC-MS based test will be designed as a CLIA certified medical test. Ocular wash samples will be collected at a physician’s office and sent to the testing facility. Results will be sent back to the consulting physician’s office and given to the patient. Ascendant has established a working relationship with PeaceHealth Laboratories of Vancouver, Washington, a CLIA certified medical testing laboratory, which specializes in LC-MS based medical testing. 









add


cancel
save


cancel
save


Management








Uploading...









Select Level
Acting/Interim
Administrative
Assistant
Associate
Chief
Consulting
Director
Executive Vice President
General
Group Leader/Lead
Managing Director
Managing/Manager
President
Senior
Senior Vice President
Vice President







Select Function
Accounting
Advisor
Business Development
Chairman
Counsel/Legal Officer
Design
Development
Engineering
Executive Officer
Finance
Financial Analyst
Financial Officer
Human Resources
Information Officer
Information Technology
Manager
Manufacturing/Production
Marketing
Marketing Officer
Media/Communication
Operating Officer
Operations
Physician/Medical Officer
Public Relations
Purchasing
Quality Assurance
Research & Development
Sales
Sales & Marketing
Science/Scientist
Software Engineer
Strategic Affairs
Strategic Planning
Technology Officer
Technology/Technologist














0 / 1000







Chief Executive Officer
Omid Moghadam 
Omid Moghadam is an inventor, entrepreneur, and former consultant to governments, corporations, and private equity firms in life sciences, and high tech industries. His expertise spans technology, business and policy development. Since 2008, he has been active in development of plans for a national healthcare information technology infrastructure, genetic non-discrimination laws, and national broadband policy in US, UK and Australia. Previously he has held executive positions with Eastman Kodak and Intel Corporations.  He co-founded Intel Genomics, an Intel division providing services to the genomics industry, and Dossia; a corporation that created the first national network for storing life long personally controlled health records. Today, some of the largest US corporations such as Intel, Wal-Mart and ATT are using Dossia to revolutionize their employee healthcare offerings.




Senior Vice President Finance
Mark Kidd 
Mr. Kidd is a certified public accountant licensed in the state of Arkansas with over 30 years experience in accounting and financial management. Mr. Kidd spent a brief period as an independent accounting and management consultant. His experience includes over eight years as Vice President and Corporate Controller of Cooper Communities, Inc., a diversified real estate development company, where he was responsible for internal and external financial reporting, budgeting, financial planning, and corporate governance activities.




Group Leader/Lead Research & Development
Anna Daily 
Dr. Daily received her PhD in Cell and Molecular Biology from the University of Arkansas in 2007, where her dissertation research focused on the synthesis and characterization of membrane spanning peptides. Dr. Daily then took a Post-doctoral Research Associate position in the lab of Dr. Suresh Kumar in the Biochemistry department at the University of Arkansas, where she gained expertise in the areas of protein expression, purification, and characterization as well as various biophysical techniques including, Isothermal titration Calorimetry (ITC), Differential Scanning Calorimetery (DSC), and Multi-dimensional NMR spectroscopy.




Consulting Advisor
Patricia Beckman 
Dr. Beckman's background is focused on early-stage bioscience company formation/management/strategy, intellectual property and finance. I have spent the majority of my 25+ year career in transitioning from research scientist to business lead and entrepreneur in biotechnology corporate entities. Most recently I was the President of a nonprofit independent research and development institute (OTRADI), which ran a state-funded gap fund and planned an associated brick-and-mortar accelerator facility to help establish university and other biomedical startups in Oregon. I was the PI for the received $2.4 million US Department of Commerce, i6 Challenge Award to OTRADI in 2010. My role with the Ascendant project will be to provide advice and expertise on experimental design as well as assist in productizing MelodyDx as a lab developed test.













ENTREPRENEURS - CREATE YOUR PROFILE 
INVESTORS - REQUEST PLAN/DOCUMENTS 
INVESTORS - SEND MESSAGE 










edit


cancel
save


Funding



To find out if this company and others are accepting funding, Sign up as Investor.


Funding GoalSign up as Investor


Funding Raised So FarSign up as Investor


Funding CommitmentsSign up as Investor


Funding RemainingSign up as Investor


Funding TypeSign up as Investor


Pre-Money Valuation Sign up as Investor


Investor Ownership Sign up as Investor


Interest / Dividend Sign up as Investor


Previous Funding Sign up as Investor



General Funding















Select Funding Type
Equity
Convertible Debt
Debt Financing
Grant
Royalty








 Show your General Funding information publicly


                                            Showing your General Funding information publicly may constitute general solicitation. General solicitation is a new commonly-used way for companies to raise funding. To learn about general solicitation, consult your legal counsel. If you uncheck this box, your General Funding information will be viewable to only EquityNet investors.
                                        




Private Funding
Viewable by EquityNet investors only

















add


cancel
save


cancel
save


Documents



Complete a Business Plan in EquityNet

Your EquityNet business plan is only viewable to capital providers and business supporters that you choose to share with in the “Crowdfund” or “Messages” tab. Investors prefer an EquityNet business plan. Entering a plan is highly educational and improves your appeal to investors.



edit
view plan
view analysis



Upload Documents

Document file names will be viewable by EquityNet investors and business supporters only. Actual documents are only viewable to capital providers and business supporters that you choose to share with in the “Crowdfund” or “Messages” tab.





Uploading...








Sign up as Investor
















edit


cancel
save


Contact


Sign up as Investor
















Share Your Public Profile Page

Users who follow all these tips increase their fundraising odds substantially. 

Email your public page to all your LinkedIn contacts.
                            
Post your page to your LinkedIn profile page.


Email your public page to all your Facebook contacts.
                            
Post your page to your Facebook profile page.


Email your public page to all your Twitter contacts.
                            
Post your page to your Twitter profile page.


Put your public page up on your website.
                            
Don't have a website yet? Use this page as your site!


Share your page link anywhere there's a listing for your company.
                            
Press Releases, Crunchbase, Wikipedia, Blogs, etc...


Email your public page to all your email contacts.
                            
Use Outlook, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, Hotmail, etc...



Your Public Profile Page:
Would you like to share your public profile page with your email contacts?

CONTINUE



















"EquityNet has helped businesses raise $200 million from private investors"
"EquityNet is the only patented crowdfunding platform in the world"
"Where to find funding for your Business"
"EquityNet is addressing 90 percent of the business community that was previously starved for capital"


















































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Race Attendees Donate Tears to Ascendant Diagnostics to Support Development of MelodyDX™, a New Test to Detect Breast Cancer 
































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Race Attendees Donate Tears to Ascendant Diagnostics to Support Development of MelodyDX™, a New Test to Detect Breast Cancer



Share Article


















Ascendant Diagnostics Team Attends 15th Annual Komen Ozark Race for the Cure®








Ascendant Diagnostics, LLC is developing the company’s first product, MelodyDx™, a pain-free, low-cost screening test that can detect the presence of early-stage breast cancer using the protein profile of a person’s tears.


Fayetteville, AR (PRWEB)
April 30, 2013
 Ascendant Diagnostics, LLC is developing the company’s first product, MelodyDx™, a pain-free, low-cost screening test that can detect the presence of early-stage breast cancer using the protein profile of a person’s tears. 
The Komen Ozark Race for the Cure®, held Saturday, April 27th in Rogers, provided Ascendant Diagnostics the opportunity to set-up a tear collection booth in order to gather samples from race day attendees. Tear collection requires a simple saline wash of the surface of the eye. These anonymous samples will be used for test development in Ascendant Diagnostics’ research laboratory. Dr. Anna Daily, Chief Scientist, led the effort, and was assisted in tear collection by nurses and support staff from Highlands Oncology and The Breast Center.  Volunteers helped to answer questions about the company and the collection process, as well as recruit volunteers from the race day crowds. 
Ascendant Diagnostics currently is conducting clinical studies with five clinics nationwide, two of which are located in Northwest Arkansas. The Breast Center is collecting samples from 300 individuals who are undergoing a biopsy for evaluation of a suspicious mass, and Highlands Oncology is collecting samples from 300 individuals who are being treated for metastatic breast cancer. With these two clinics meeting the need for samples collected from patients with masses as well as breast cancer, the company’s current greatest need was to fill the “tear bank” with samples for general population studies, a step necessary for commercialization of a diagnostic test. 
Saturday’s event, in which 220 tear samples were volunteered, provided an excellent start towards generating Ascendant Diagnostics’ tear bank. Tear samples were also collected from men, a population for whom there is currently no screening, as well as from breast cancer survivors. These samples will be used in future research applications of MelodyDX™.
Ascendant Diagnostics’ vision is to greatly increase the accuracy of cancer diagnostics, enable detection of disease at the earliest possible stage, and improve patient compliance through the use of non-invasive, pain-free diagnostic tools.  The company's first product, MelodyDx, is a patent pending, non-invasive, biomarker panel for the detection of breast cancer, which detects differences in proteins present in human tears. The goal for MelodyDx is to increase breast cancer detection at earlier stages while at the same time reducing unnecessary exposure to radiation and painful biopsy procedures. Ascendant Diagnostics, LLC is a VIC Technology Venture Development portfolio company.



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Omid Moghadam
Ascendant Diagnostics, LLC479-571-2592
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								


Media
Ascendant Diagnostics' Booth at Komen Ozark Race for the Cure®Ascendant Diagnostics volunteers collect tear samples at Komen Ozark Race for the Cure®






News Center




	ASCENDANT DX Trademark of ASCENDANT DIAGNOSTICS, LLC. Serial Number: 86406295 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
ASCENDANT DX










 
Get FREE email alerts













ASCENDANT DX  Trademark Information
 ASCENDANT DIAGNOSTICS, LLC
Custom design of diagnostic test kits consisting primarily of medical diagnostic immunoassays and additional diagnostic reagents for testing of human diseases for clinical medical testing and medical use




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
custom   design   diagnostic   test   kits   consisting   primarily   medical   diagnostic   immunoassays   additional   diagnostic   reagents   testing   human   diseases   clinical   medical   testing   medical   use    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ASCENDANT DX trademark by ASCENDANT DIAGNOSTICS, LLC 
                                in Springdale, AR, 72764.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ASCENDANT DX trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ASCENDANT DIAGNOSTICS, LLC of the ASCENDANT DX trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ASCENDANT DX trademark.
                           






On Thursday, September 25, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ASCENDANT DX by 
                        ASCENDANT DIAGNOSTICS, LLC, Springdale, AR  72764.
                        The USPTO has given the ASCENDANT DX 
                        trademark serial  number of  86406295.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for ASCENDANT DX is 
                        
                        
                                            DEBBY WINTERS of 
                                            WINTERS LAW,  101 W MOUNTAIN ST STE 200, FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72701-6087 
                                .
                            The ASCENDANT DX trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ASCENDANT DX 
                            is Custom design of diagnostic test kits consisting primarily of medical diagnostic immunoassays and additional diagnostic reagents for testing of human diseases for clinical medical testing and medical use. 
                            





Word mark:
 ASCENDANT DX


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/1/2016



  Serial Number:  
86406295


  Filing Date:  
9/25/2014


 Registration Number:  
5070898 


 Registration Date:  
11/1/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Custom design of diagnostic test kits consisting primarily of medical diagnostic immunoassays and additional diagnostic reagents for testing of human diseases for clinical medical testing and medical use


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/16/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

ASCENDANT DIAGNOSTICS, LLCSpringdale, AR  72764
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("DX")


 Correspondent:


DEBBY WINTERS
WINTERS LAW
101 W MOUNTAIN ST STE 200
FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72701-6087






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/27/2010


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2010





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ASCENDANT DX trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/1/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DEBBY WINTERS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ASCENDANT DX trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search ascendantdx on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ASCENDANT DX 




ASCENDANT DX is providing Custom design of diagnostic test kits consisting primarily of medical diagnostic immunoassays and additional diagnostic reagents for testing of human diseases for clinical medical testing and medical use.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Ascendant Dx, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:14 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Ascendant Dx, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ascendant Dx, LLC, a biotech company, is engaged in the research, development, and commercialization of proteomics-based diagnostic tests for women and children. The company focuses on cancer, autoimmune diseases, and serious childhood afflictions. It develops MelodyDx, a proteomics-based diagnostic screening test for the detection of breast cancer using tear samples. Its product is designed for testing in laboratories, as well as clinics, hospitals, home care, and for patient self-testing. Ascendant Dx, LLC was formerly known as Ascendant Diagnostics, LLC. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in Springdale, Arkansas.


1200 Stewart PlaceSpringdale, AR 72764United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 479-966-4521

Fax: 479-571-8814

www.ascendantdx.com







Key Executives for Ascendant Dx, LLC




Mr. Omid Moghadam


      	Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
      








Dr. Patricia Beckmann Ph.D.


      	Chief Business Officer and Chief Science Officer
      








Dr. Anna Daily Ph.D.


      	Chief Scientist
      








Dr. V. Suzanne Klimberg M.D.


      	Medical Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ascendant Dx, LLC, please visit www.ascendantdx.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 


