

Asia Interactive Media Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























asia interactive media inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Advertising & Marketing
Asia Interactive Media Inc. provides online marketing services. The Company offers a suite of online real estate products and services. Asia Interactive Media serves customers globally.




Corporate Information
Address:

8 Lyndhurst Terrace
11th Floor
Central
Hong Kong (SAR)


Phone:
852-2526-9129


Fax:
852-2526-9128


Web url:
www.asia-interactive.net























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Asia Interactive Media Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 7:57 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Asia Interactive Media Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Asia Interactive Media Inc. does not have significant operations. It intends to merge with, engage in a capital stock exchange with, purchase all or substantially all of the assets of, or engage in any other similar business combination with one or more operating businesses. The company was formerly known as Black Gardenia Corp. and changed its name to Asia Interactive Media Inc. in March 2007. Asia Interactive Media Inc. was founded in 2000 and is based in Central, Hong Kong.


Bank of China TowerLevel 301 Garden RoadCentral,  Hong KongFounded in 2000



Phone: 852 9836 2643








Key Executives for Asia Interactive Media Inc.




Mr. Ken Ng


      	CEO, President, CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director
      


Age: 51
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Asia Interactive Media Inc. Key Developments

Asia Interactive Inc. Announces Auditors Changes
Nov 4 16
On November 2, 2016, Asia Interactive Media Inc. announced that George Stewart, CPA, the company’s independent registered public accountant, has resigned his engagement with the company effective November 2, 2016. The decision to resign was entirely due to Stewart’s desire to transition towards retirement and was accepted by the sole director of the company on November 2, 2016. On November 2, 2016, the sole director approved the appointment of Fruci & Associates II, PLLC as the company’s new independent registered public accountant.


Asia Interactive Media Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Aug 16 16
On 08/16/2016, Asia Interactive Media Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Asia Interactive Media Inc. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 31 16
On 03/31/2016, Asia Interactive Media Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3PM Capital Partners Ltd. Asia 3V Capital Limited Asia 8 Securities Limited Asia Aetas Global Markets Limited Asia AEX Enterprise Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Asia Interactive Media Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















ASIA INTERACTIVE MEDIA INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ASIA INTERACTIVE MEDIA INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ASIA INTERACTIVE MEDIA INC.


Company Address
LEVEL 30, BANK OF CHINA TOWER1 GARDEN ROADCENTRAL 00000


Company Phone
011-852-9836-2643


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Ken Ng


Employees  (as of 11/21/2008) 
0


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Withdrawn (11/28/2008)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
NASDAQ


Share Price
$0.50


Shares Offered
4,110,612


Offer Amount
$2,055,306.00


Total Expenses
$36,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
4,110,612


Shares Outstanding
4,110,612


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001172318




We will not receive any proceeds from the resale of the securities offered 
through this Prospectus by the selling security holders.


In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter 
intense competition from other entities with business objectives similar to 
ours. There are many blank check companies seeking to carry out a business plan
similar to ours that have completed initial public offerings in the United 
States. Furthermore, there are a number of additional blank check companies in 
the registration process that have not yet completed initial public offerings, 
and there are likely to be more blank check companies that have completed 
initial public offerings before we are able to successfully consummate 
a business combination.

We may also be subject to competition from entities other than blank check 
companies, which may be special acquisition companies or capital pool 
companies, that have a business objective similar to ours, including venture 
capital firms, leverage buyout firms and operating businesses looking to 
expand their operations through the acquisition of a target business. Many of 
these entities are well-established and have extensive experience identifying 
and effecting business combinations either directly or through affiliates. 
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources 
than us and our financial resources may be relatively limited in comparison to 
many of these competitors.

While we believe that numerous potential target businesses may be available 
for acquisition, our ability to acquire a certain attractive target business 
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent 
competitive limitation may give others an advantage in pursuing the 
acquisition of a target business. The fact that stockholder approval may 
delay the completion of a business combination as well as the potential 
dilution represented by our outstanding warrants are additional limitations 
that may be viewed unfavorably by certain target businesses.

Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in 
successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, 
however, that our status as a public entity and our access to the United 
States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage in acquiring 
a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms over 
privately-held entities with business objectives similar to ours. 
Additionally, our management has significant business experience and well 
developed contacts in various business industries in China and Canada.

If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will likely be 
further intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot 
assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the 
resources or ability to compete effectively.


Company Description
We are a blank check company organized under the laws of the State of Nevada 
on February 9, 2000. We currently maintain a mailing address at Level 30, Bank 
of China Tower, 1 Garden Road, Hong Kong, and our telephone number is 
011-852-9836-2643. We do not have any subsidiaries. Our fiscal year


 end is 
December 31. We were formed for the purpose of merging with, engaging in a 
capital stock exchange with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets 
of, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more 
operating businesses.

We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we 
have not  identified any prospective target business, nor has anyone done so 
on our behalf. There is no assurance as to whether any business combination 
will be feasible at all, or will be feasible on terms acceptable to us, and 
we have no way of forecasting whether any proposed business combination will 
be successfully completed on a timely basis.

There is no assurance that we will successfully identify any potential target 
business, enter into any definitive agreements with any potential target 
business, or finally consummate a business combination with any potential 
target business. We cannot assure you as to when or if a business combination 
will occur. If we are not able to complete a business combination with a target
business as planned and eventually produce enough revenues, you could lose 
all or part of your investment in our stock.

If we issue debt or equity securities in order to consummate a business 
combination, our stockholders could end up owning a minority of the combined 
company as there is no requirement that our stockholders own a certain 
percentage of our company after a business combination. The issuance of any 
debt or equity securities would increase the amount of our outstanding shares 
and thus result in a dilution to our existing stockholders.

Our management may decide that it is in our company’s best interest to 
acquire several target businesses. With multiple acquisitions, we could face 
additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to 
possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations and the 
additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the 
operations, products and management of the acquired companies.

Our current management has experience in business development, capital raising 
and the marketing and management of various companies, but has limited 
experience in operating a blank check company. Our business plan may fail due 
to our management’s lack of experience in this area, and there is no current 
basis for you to evaluate our management’s experience in a particular industry 
in which we may ultimately operate.

We believe that the earliest we will begin generating revenues will not be 
until after the completion of a business combination. However, even if 
a business combination is successfully completed, we may not be able to 
achieve our anticipated business goals, gain any operating benefits, or 
generate any profits.

We will be dependent on future financings in order to maintain our operations 
and carry out our business plan. For the next twelve months (beginning 
November 2008), we plan to spend approximately $655,000 on consummating 
a business combination and funding operations of the target business, and on 
general operations. We do not currently have sufficient financing to fully 
carry out our business plan and there is no assurance that we will be able to 
obtain the financing necessary to do so. Accordingly, there is uncertainty 
about our ability to continue our operations. If we cease our operations, you 
may lose your entire investment in our stock.

----

Asia Interactive Media Inc.
Level 30, Bank of China Tower,
1 Garden Road, Central Hong Kong
Telephone No.: 011-852-9836-2643.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$62,006


Total Assets
$544,391






Total Liabilities
$70,903


Stockholders' Equity
$473,488




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ASIA INTERACTIVE MEDIA INC.
RW
3/20/2009
Filing



ASIA INTERACTIVE MEDIA INC.
S-1
11/28/2008
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Thomas J. Harris, CPA


Company Counsel
Bacchus Corporate and Securities Law


Lead Underwriter
Spartan Securities Group. Ltd


Transfer Agent
Nevada Agency and Trust


Underwriter Counsel
 -- 


Underwriter Counsel
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6387.75


-2.25
 ▼ 
0.04%





DJIA

21580.07


-31.71
 ▼ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.54


-0.91
 ▼ 
0.04%










Data as of Jul 21, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            PCM to Release Q2 2017 Results July 26, 2017
                        



	                    10:07PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-U.S. weighs financial sanctions to hit Venezuela's oil revenue - sources
                        



	                     8:32PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan to pay $148 mln to end yen Libor cases in U.S.
                        



	                     8:01PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            The Dixie Group to Broadcast Its 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call Live on the Internet
                        



	                     7:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


















































Asia Interactive Media Inc. - Company Profile










































 Asia Interactive Media Inc.
                        

Active













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Asia Interactive Media Inc. Overview
  Asia Interactive Media Inc. filed as a Domestic Corporation in the State of Nevada on Wednesday, February 9, 2000 and is approximately seventeen years old, as recorded in documents filed with Nevada Secretary of State.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Asia Interactive Media Inc.
    









 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Asia Interactive Media Inc.








Name







                            Ken Ng
                        




                                        President
                                    

                                        Treasurer
                                    

                                        Director
                                    

                                        Secretary
                                    



















Corporate Filings for Asia Interactive Media Inc.








Nevada Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    Nevada
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    C3483-2000
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Wednesday, February 9, 2000
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Nevada Agency and Transfer Company
                                    








Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        2/9/2000
                                    

                                        Articles of Incorporation
                                    








                                        2/16/2000
                                    

                                        Initial List
                                    








                                        3/2/2000
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    

                                        CAPITAL STOCK WAS 100,000,000 AT .001 PER SHARE                             CHM CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT FILED PURSUANT TO  78.209.  ACTUAL PAR VALUE OF STOCK IS 0.0001 PER SHARE.            (1)PG                              CHM
                                    






                                        1/26/2001
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/27/2002
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        3/10/2003
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        3/9/2004
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    

                                        List of Officers for 2004 to 2005
                                    






                                        2/16/2005
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/28/2006
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        1/30/2007
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/23/2007
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    








                                        3/22/2007
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    








                                        4/1/2008
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        4/3/2008
                                    

                                        Amended List
                                    








                                        10/10/2008
                                    

                                        Amended List
                                    








                                        2/6/2009
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/22/2010
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/23/2011
                                    

                                        Amended List
                                    








                                        2/23/2011
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/29/2012
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/26/2013
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/28/2014
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/25/2015
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/23/2016
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    












Advertisements










Source







Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Asia Interactive Media Inc..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Asia Interactive Media Inc. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NV

2000
Domestic Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.

















ASIA INTERACTIVE MEDIA INC Central FC - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Nonclassifiable Establishments
Asia Interactive Media Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Asia Interactive Media Inc



Level 30 Bank Of China Tower, 1 Garden Road

Central,
							
							
							 FC
							
							
							 |  view map


(852) 983-6264

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

ASIA INTERACTIVE MEDIA INC is in the Nonclassifiable Establishments industry in Central, FC.  This company currently has approximately  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Nonclassifiable Establishments
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2000
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Dicks Sporting Goods Inc


Albertville Quality Foods


Stuart Allan & Associates Inc


Michelin


VA Medical


Universal Technical Institute Inc


Dorchester Academy Inc


Talbots


Glacial Lakes Energy LLC


James Community Funeral Home Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory!�It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Asia Interactive Media Inc
Rate Asia Interactive Media Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Asia Interactive Media Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











� 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGUE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies �



Recently
					Updated Companies

CITY OF WEST MEMPHIS
FARMERS FEED SERVICE
WONDER JR HIGH SCHOOL
DAVIS TRUE VALUE HARDWARE INC
BAYOU FASTENERS & SUPPLY CO
AUTO BODY SUPPLY
HOPPERS HAULING
CHAPMAN SCOTTSDALE AUTOPLEX LLC
SPECIALTY B SALES
BRISTYAN A

More
								Recently Updated Companies �



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
AZURADISC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
STINGER WELDING INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE

More
								Recently Rated Companies �



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media - Wikipedia






















 






Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Inc.





Type

Subsidiary[1]


Industry
Merchandising


Predecessor
Disney Consumer Products
Disney Interactive


Founded
000000002015-03-25-0000March 25, 2015[1]


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

James Pitaro
(chairman)[3]


Products
Books



Production output




Digital content
Video games





Services
Licensing


Parent
The Walt Disney Company


Divisions



Disney Licensing
Disney Retail
DCPI Games & Apps
DCPI Publishing and Digital Media





Subsidiaries



Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Store
The Muppets Studio
Maker Studios





Website
dcpi.disney.com


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI), is a segment and subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company that engages in merchandising of the Disney brand and Disney properties through licensing, retail, video games, digital applications and content divisions. The company was formed as a result of the merger between Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive.



Contents


1 Background
2 History

2.1 Disney Consumer Products

2.1.1 Franchise focus




3 DCPIMedia history
4 Franchises

4.1 Disney Bunnies
4.2 Disney Dragonkind


5 DCPI structure
6 Disney Shopping

6.1 DS history

6.1.1 Disney Direct Marketing
6.1.2 Disney Shopping


6.2 Catalogs
6.3 Services


7 References
8 External links



Background[edit]
DCPI's origins trace back to 1929, when Walt Disney licensed the image of Mickey Mouse for use on a children's writing tablet.[ChWDC 1] On December 16 of that year, Walt Disney Productions formed the Walt Disney Enterprises (WDE) division to handle merchandising.[ChWDC 2]
The Mickey Mouse doll production by Charlotte Clark started shortly after in January 1930.[ChWDC 3] The WDE division also hired George Borgfeldt & Company of New York as a licensing agent to make Mickey and Minnie Mouse toys.[ChWDC 4] Borgfeldt & Company in turn set to work developing other products, granting the first license to Walkburger, Tanner and Company of St. Gall, Switzerland, for Mickey and Minnie Mouse handkerchiefs.[ChWDC 5] That summer of 1930 Disney expanded WDE to England, granting a general license to William Banks Levy for Mickey and Minnie Mouse character merchandise.[ChWDC 6]
In 1932 Disney closed a merchandising contract with Herman "Kay" Kamen for sole representation.[ChWDC 7] Early on WDE began to show results. The company's merchandising made the Silly Symphony film Three Little Pigs (1933) the company's first profit-making animated film.[ChWDC 8]
In 1934, Disney licensing expanded to hand-crank toy projectors,[ChWDC 9] diamond-studded Mickey Mouse pins, Mickey Mouse toffee in England[ChWDC 10] and a Lionel wind-up train toy,[ChWDC 11] while a patent is received for Ingersoll-Waterbury Clock Company's Mickey Mouse watch.[ChWDC 12]
Yet more companies licensed the Mickey Mouse image. General Foods did so for one year and made $1.5 million on the Post Toasties cereal box. Mickey was the first licensed character on such a product.[ChWDC 13] Clashes with other companies weren't unavoidable, though. Disney filed suit on July 31 against the United Biscuit Company of America, Sawyer Biscuit Company, and the Chicago Carton Company for unauthorized use of Disney characters for animal crackers which lasted for four months and ended in Disney's favor.[ChWDC 14]
Disney signed on July 19, 1938 with Courvoisier Galleries, making Courvoisier Disney's original art marketing representative. In December, Walt Disney Enterprises was renamed Walt Disney Productions.[ChWDC 15]
In October 1948, Disney and Kay Kamen extend the merchandising contract, but only for the Americas.[ChWDC 16] In 1949, the Character Merchandising Division is formed with in Disney.[ChWDC 17] Also that year on October 28, Kay Kamen, Disney's licensing representative, died in an Air France plane crash over the Azores.[ChWDC 18]
With Roy Disney's split off the merchandising division from Disney Production, Jimmy Johnson became head of the merchandising division's publication department in 1950 and took on managing business affairs for the Walt Disney Music Company.[4]
Disney had a food division with product from bread to soft drinks, which was mostly discontinued due to its contract with ABC to produce TV shows and the need to not be in competition with potential advertisers.[5]
After Disney purchased the rights for Winnie the Pooh to make a 1966 animated short film, the company conceded to a broad licensing agreement with Sears, Roebuck & Co..[6] Stephen Slesinger Inc.'s Pati Slesinger found merchandise that Disney did not pay royalties on. The Slesinger then attempt to get the A.A. Milne Trust to abrogate its contract. In 1983, Disney paid Stephen Slesinger Inc. and the Milne estate to end the royalty issue and agreed to a new contract that lower Slesinger Inc.'s royalty percentage.[7]
In 1979, the Intergovernmental Philatelic Corporation of New York was licensed by Walt Disney Productions to make Disney character stamps for several countries.[ChWDC 19]
History[edit]
Disney Consumer Products[edit]

Disney Consumer Products





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Merchandising


Fate
split up


Predecessor
Character Merchandising Division


Founded
1929[2]


Defunct
2017


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Textiles, apparel and luxury goods[2]


Services
Licensing


Parent
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media
(The Walt Disney Company)


Divisions
Licensing[2]


Subsidiaries
Disney Store


Website
disneyconsumerproducts.com


Disney Consumer Products was incorporated with the State of California in 1986.[8]
The first Disney Store opened in Glendale, California on March 28, 1987.[ChWDC 20] On October 12, Disney agreed to a licensing contract with Mattel for a Disney Character infant and preschool toy line.[ChWDC 21] DCP purchased Childcraft Education Corp., maker of children's furniture and equipment, retail stores and catalog sales, from Grolier Inc. in April 1988.[nyt 1]
In April 1990, the 50th store was opened in Montclair, California along with the first Mickey's Kitchen fast food restaurant.[nyt 2] On November 11, 1991, Mattel and Disney extended the 1987 agreement, adding Pinocchio, Bambi, Dumbo, It's a Small World, and the Autopia to the toy line.[ChWDC 22] In March 1992, Disney Stores closed the two Mickey's Kitchen as the restaurants were only breaking even while well received by the customers as the company wanted to focus on overseas expansions.[9]
In 1994, DCP ended an exclusive licensing agreement with Sears for Winnie the Pooh. Three distinct product lines were created for Pooh: Disney Pooh, based on the Disney red-shirted tan bear cartoon version; 100 Acre Collection, a more upscale line for department stores and the Classic Pooh line based on the original A.A. Milne books' Ernest H. Shephard illustrations.[6]
DCP licensing peak in 1997 with 749 Disney Stores worldwide, operating income of $893 million and 4,200 licensees for mostly Winnie the Pooh and Mickey Mouse product plus some top animated movies.[nyt 3] Disney's and McDonald's ten-year cross-promotional agreement began on January 1, 1997.[nyt 4] In May 1997, the Vermont Teddy Bear Co. filed a copyright infringement suit against Disney over "Pooh-Grams" being similar to its mail-order "Bear-Gram" trademark and logo. Also, Disney Enterprises, Inc. sold DCP operating subsidiary Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co.[lat 1]
In March 1998, Walt Disney Records and Walt Disney Music Publishing were transferred out of DCP to Buena Vista Music Group in the Disney studio division.[10] By 1998, Pooh outsold Mickey Mouse $316 million to $114 million through November of that year in just-licensed-toy sales. By replacing Sears with 100 licensees including Mattel, Hallmark, Timex, Tupperware and Royal Daulton, DCP has since increased Pooh product lines from $390 million to $3.3 billion.[6]
Franchise focus[edit]




DCP office buildings in Glendale at Disney's Grand Central Creative Campus


With Mickey Mouse and other characters on products everywhere and a general retail decline in 2000, DCP had registered operating income of only $386 million.[nyt 3] In December 1999, Andrew P. Mooney became the head of DCP. He created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5][11] He also developed the Disney Couture fashion line, Walt Disney Signature furniture, a princess-inspired bridal gowns line, and lines based on the Pixar films, Toy Story and Cars.[lat 2] Mooney had DCP try an Always Fresh labeled women's nightshirts and T-shirts line which attempt to be more mature but failed. He also reduced the number of licensees in half, sold low sale stores and had staff actively pursuing licensing partners than waiting for proposals. For example, Mooney, worked to have Fred Segal, a high-end retailers, sell specialty products and opened a sales office near Wal-Mart's headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas. In 2001, Mooney lead a promotion of Mickey Mouse T-shirts by getting them into the hands of celebrities, which was a success. Also, Disney Publishing issued its first original comic book, W.I.T.C.H., which was successful enough to be adapted into an animated series.[nyt 3]
Consumer Products also begin expanding licensing in the food category in the 2000s. DCP agreed to a licensing agreement with Kellogg Company for a Kellogg's Disney cereal line launched in February 2002; Kellogg's Disney Mickey's Magix, Kellogg's Disney Hunny Bs, and Kellogg's Disney/Pixar Buzz Blasts.[12] In May 2003, DCP and Wells' Dairy launched a Disney-branded dairy line with a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products.[13] In May 2005, DCP licensed Krogers the Old Yeller name to sell dog food.[14]
The Japanese stores were sold to Oriental Land Company in 2002,[lat 3] while most North American stores were sold and licensed in November 2004 to The Children's Place.[lat 4] Disney licensed Motorola for cordless phones and two way handset radios in August 2002.[15]
For the first 3 quarters of 2004, Disney Consumer Products made $388 million in operating income placing the year ahead of 2000 and 2003. In May 2004, the Disney Cuties design (a more anime style) line was introduced with T-shirts. Mooney's major initiatives was to turn Disney into a lifestyle brand by relying on the Disney brand reputation instead of its characters to sell clothing and household goods with half the royalty percentage of the 10% for Disney characters. At Fred Segal in August, the retailer was test selling Snap watches, with swappable faces and wristbands, with Disney characters with hipper, urban designs. In Spring 2005, DCP planned to start sell pants and jean jackets under the Disney Denim brand with a cartoon whimsical elements.[nyt 3] On August 5, 2004, the Disney Dream Desk PC, designed by Frog Design and manufactured by Medion, began being sold at CompUSA and Disney online. DCP planned to release a camcorder and digital camera later in the year.[16]
Disney purchased the rights to The Muppets and the Bear in the Big Blue House franchises from The Jim Henson Company on February 17, 2004.[nyt 6] The two brands were placed under control of the Muppets Holding Company, LLC, then as a unit of Disney Consumer Products.[17]
In 2005, DCP has begun working with various Indian retail outlets to establish Disney Corners within the outlets to sell licensed merchandise.[18] Also that year, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While DCP eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male centric franchise to counterbalance the female centric Fairies by 2005.[20]
In 2006, the Muppets Holding Company was transferred from the Disney Consumer Products unit to The Walt Disney Studios with studio executives passing on oversight, the unit was placed in the special events group.[nyt 6][17] With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] DCP in May concluded a consumer products master licensing agreement for Indochina, including Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, with East Media Holdings Inc.'s EMHI Licensing Inc.[22] On September 26, the Disney Jeans brand was launched in India under license to Indus Clothing, who planned to open 30 Disney Jean stores by the end of 2007.[23] In October, DCP India franchised to Ravi Jaipuria Corporation the rights for five years to set up 150 Disney Artist brand stores and wholesale under the Disney Artist brand Disney character branded greeting cards, stationary, arts, crafts and party product in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives.[24]
In January 2007 two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies and Disney Dragonkind.[25][26]
In 2008, Disney purchased back its Disney Stores from The Children's Place.[lat 2] On June 5, 2008, Disney Interactive Studios is transferred out of DCP to the Disney Interactive Media Group.[27][28]
John Lasseter of Pixar became a creative advisor to DCP in 2009 after already assisting on Cars products. Lasseter pushed for an end to "label slapping", which is using a popular move to sell unrelated generic toys.[lat 5] The Disney Princesses franchise has generated more than $4 billion in retail sales worldwide.[lat 2] In post-Christmas 2009, Disney Pook-A-Looz, a plush line of Disney caricatures, was launched with its first set at Toy'R'Us with Disney Stores receiving them in mid-March 2010 with the Cheshire Cat selling well.[29] The Muppets were considered the best sellers of the second set of Pook-A-Looz over the expected “Nightmare Before Christmas” characters.[30]
In 2009, Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4.24 billion.[31] Josh Silverman, a senior executive at Marvel, was appointed Executive Vice President of Global Licensing for Disney Consumer Products and helped facilitate the Disney-Marvel integration.[32] In 2011, Disney fired Marvel Studios' marketing department[33] taking over marketing of their films beginning with the 2012 film The Avengers.[34]
The Cars sequel was approved for a 2011 debut despite the original being panned by the critics and one of the lowest grossing Pixar film as its licensed products have done well.[lat 6] Mooney stepped down as DCP chair in September 2011.[lat 2] With Robert Chapek being appointed president of DCP, DCP expanded its responsibility to include all retailing, distribution and licensing for Marvel, Pixar, video discs and video games.[lat 7]
Swampy the Alligator from Where's My Water? was the first Disney Interactive Media Group original character to get the merchandising treatment by 2012.[35] In 2012, Disney was the world’s largest licensor and number 1 in the entertainment category according to International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association for another year with an 80% market share and $39.5 billion.[36]
In March 2013, Disney sent a letter to its suppliers to have them by April 2014 pull any Disney branded products out of the five "highest-risk countries": Bangladesh, Ecuador, Venezuela, Belarus and Pakistan, based on a World Bank-governed metric report. This was announced in May after a Bangladeshi factory building collapsed. Haiti and Cambodia, which are also low-ranking countries, were allowable per Disney's new policy so long as the factories worked with the Better Work health and safety program run by the International Labour Organization and the International Finance Corporation. Bangladesh factories were liable to get work if they also partnered with the Better Work program. Disney also stated that less than 1% of its products were sourced from Bangladesh and even less from the other four countries.[37]
DCP began representing Lucasfilm brands in June 2013.[38] With the addition of Star Wars, Disney has six of the top 10 franchises: Disney Princess (1st), Star Wars (2nd), Winnie the Pooh (3rd), Cars (4th), Mickey & Friends (6th), and Toy Story (8th), with two more in the top twenty; Disney Fairies (11th) and Spider-Man (16th).[36] In October, DCP announced an arrangement with Wet Seal for an ABC Family character inspired Crush by ABC Family apparel and accessories line to reach the shelves in 2014.[39]
In April 2014, DCP was the subject of online criticism from numerous parents (through the Disney Store's Facebook page and other forums) for severely underestimating consumer demand for merchandise related to Disney Animation's 2013 blockbuster hit, Frozen.[40][41] DCP saw its profit increase by 22% for the 2014 year.[nyt 7]
On February 23, 2015, Robert Chapek was named chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts effective that day.[nyt 7] Leslie Ferraro, formerly executive vice president of global marketing, sales and travel operations of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, was named president of DCP.[lat 8]
DCPIMedia history[edit]
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media was formed in 000000002015-06-01-0000June 2015 as merger of Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive. The presidents of DCP and DIM were appointed co-chairs of the division while retaining the presidency of their subsidiary while Disney Publishing Worldwide would report to them as co-chairs. The units were brought together due to increase use of technology on the part of DCP with the announced Playmation toy system and digital publishing by DPW.[42]
In 2014, The Muppets Studio was transferred then when the new division was formed ended up as a part of the newly formed DCPI Labs unit.[43][44] On January 11, 2016, Maker Studios was placed under the control of Disney Interactive concurrent with the appointment of Courtney Holt as Maker head with the title of executive vice president.[45]
Ferraro left Disney eight months later in February 2016 with James Pitaro becoming sole chairman.[3] Disney Co/Op team was formed in 2015 to work with licensees and other partners for branded content like Disney Boxed (the reverse concept of Unboxing) with Hasbro about creating a toy.[46]
Content & Media department was formed under executive vice president Andrew Sugerman in early 2016 from Disney Publishing Worldwide, Disney LOL, Oh My Disney and other units. Maker Studio was transferred into DCPI Content and Media in December 2016. While former Maker head moved to Disney corporate strategy unit as executive vice president of media and strategy.[47] Disney Digital Network was formed by the May 2, 2017 Disney's Digital Content NewFronts with Maker, the former Disney Online websites, StarWars.com and other digital first content units.[48]
DCPI moved to address for all franchises three issues, expanding the audience, category expansion & product development and direct-to-consumer.[49] With Marvel and Star Wars, DCPI planned to push into the female audience. With Star Wars, DCPI partnered with Lucasfilm Animation for Star Wars Forces of Destiny which features female characters, premieres on DCPI's Disney YouTube channel and supported by apparel, books and toys including a new product type, "adventure figures".[49][50] DCPI has worked on aging up Minnie Mouse by working with several designers for product appealing to adults and young adults for primary the fashion field. With Ashley Eckstein's Her Universe, Disney Consumer had already work with on expanding Star Wars and Marvel products to girls and women. Now Her Universe is working on a Disney co-branded "athleisure" line for both sexes and Disney Princess.[49]
Franchises[edit]


Franchises launched[21]


Disney Princess (2000)


Disney Fairies (2006)


Franchises considered (2006)[21]


Disney Bunnies


Disney Dwarves


Disney Horses


Disney Mermaids


Disney Trains


Andrew P. Mooney of Disney Consumer Products (DCP) created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5] In 2005, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While Consumer Products eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male-centric franchise to counterbalance the female-centric Fairies by 2005.[20] The Muppet franchise held by DCP, in Muppet Holding Company, after being purchased in 2004 and transferred out in 2006 to Disney Studios.[nyt 6][17]
With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Disney Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises (see table at right) with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] In January 2007, two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies with three books and Disney Dragonkind with a set of statues.[25][26]
Complications relating to the production of Tinker Bell, the debut film of the Disney Fairies franchise lead to discussion over the focus of DisneyToon Studios. Pixar leadership exerted control and affected Franchise projects at the production company. Tinker Bell's animation was scrapped and was restarted while two possible franchise projects were cancelled, "Disney's Dwarfs" and the "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales" line after the first DVD release.[51][52]
The June 2013 release of the Disney Princess Palace Pets app from Disney Publishing lead DCP to turn Palace Pets into a Disney Princess franchise extension with the release of The Palace Pets toy line in August from licensee, Blip Toys. The line was also listed by TimetoPlayMag.com for its Most Wanted List Holiday 2013.[53]




Disney Bunnies[edit]


Disney Bunnies


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Print publications


Book(s)


"I Love You, My Bunnies"
"Thumper Counts to Ten"
"Goodnight, Thumper!"[25]




Miscellaneous


spun off from
Bambi and Bambi II


Disney Bunnies is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on Thumper from the 1942 film Bambi and its 2006 followup Bambi II.[21][26] Selected as DCP's third franchise to be launched,[21] Disney Bunnies was launched on January 15, 2007 with three books.[25]


Disney Dragonkind[edit]


Disney Dragonkind


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Miscellaneous


Toys
statues


spun off from
Disney Movies


Disney Dragonkind is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on dragons appearing in Disney animated movies.[25][26] It was launched in January 2007 with a statue of Maleficent (from Sleeping Beauty) in dragon form. Gentle Giant Studios sculpted the three first statues with the last two being: Mushu from Mulan and Elliot from Pete's Dragon.[25]




DCPI structure[edit]

Disney Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store Worldwide, Inc.
Disney Shopping, Inc., online and other direct marketing channels


Games and Interactive Experiences

DCPI Labs team[42]

The Muppets Studio (formerly Muppets Holding Company LLC)[54]




DCPI Publishing and Digital Media

Disney Digital Networks[48]

Maker Studios[48]

Polaris, gaming channel[48]


Advanced Media
Disney Social
Disney Co/Op, custom content[46] and all platform ad sales
disney.com
Disney Style[48]
Oh My Disney[46]
Disney LOL[46]
babble.com[46]
Disney Family (Family.com)[48]
Go.com: formerly GO Network
StarWars.com and Star Wars app[48]


Disney Publishing Worldwide




Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Shopping, Inc., formerly Disney Direct Marketing (Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc.; DDM), is the direct sales subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products, a segment subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company.[55]
DS history[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing[edit]


Fiscal
Year
sales
(million)[56]


1994
$65


1998
estimated $200


The Walt Disney Company purchased the Childcraft Education Corporation for $52 million from Grolier Inc. to expand its mail-order business and that the children's furniture and equipment area fit with the Disney characters' target market. Childcraft's mailing list would boost Walt Disney Family Gift Catalog's mailing list from 2.8 million to 8 million.[57]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. was incorporated on May 1, 1990.[58] In 1996, Disney Stores had started leasing land in the Southpoint Distribution Park in Memphis. In 1997, Disney Direct Marketing started operating out of a building built there by Clayco.[59]
Prior to December 1996, Disney Direct Marketing had sold the Playclothes catalog as they did not support the Disney brand. At that time, DDM had a in-house Kansas City telemarketing center and a warehouse in Memphis. In December 1996, DDM's HQ was moved from New York City to the main Disney campus in Burbank, California. Due to the relocation, the unit needed to restaff. Donna Bhatia was hired then as Disney Direct Marketing as vice president of marketing and new business development and was involved in the restaffing adding another 4 hours to her work day. The company added its first services then with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56]
The company added its first services in December 1996 with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56] In May 1997, Disney Direct Marketing was sued over the service for copyright and trademark infringement of Vermont Teddy Bear Company's trademark mail-order "Bear-Gram" ideas and logo.[60] By October 1997, the case was settled out of court with an agreement that includes changes to reduce confusion.[61]
Also in May 1997, Disney sold its Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co. for $14.6 million.[60] Disney sold Childcraft as the catalog did not support the Disney brands.[56]
Bhatia got the Disney Catalog distributed by the Disney Stores, which had not happen much before, which generated sales of $13 million at lower mailing costs. She then found that Disney had multiple (60) customer databases of which only five were used for catalog mailings. Combined the 60 databases had 20 million records that after removing duplicated records consisted of 10 million households. With the unified database, Disney started adding additional catalogs started in spring 1997 with The Walt Disney Gallery Catalog plus two more by June 1998. With the increased sales, a new warehouse was being build in South Carolina.[56]
With Disney's purchase of the remainder of Infoseek in July 1999, the Go Network, Infoseek, the Disney Catalog, Disney Online (Disney.com and DisneyStore.com), ABC News Internet Ventures and ESPN Internet Ventures and Buena Vista Internet Group are merged into the Go.com company.[62]
Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. had changed its name to Disney Shopping, Inc. as it operated online with the disneyshopping.com domain. By January 31, 2006, Disney Shopping's Kansas call center was closed with some of the 250 employees would transferring to a Utah call center and few would remain until May 2006.[55] On May 19, 2009, disneyshopping.com was redesigned and relaunched at a new domain, disneystore.com, with the additional of Disney Parks and Resorts products.[63]
Catalogs[edit]

Disney Catalog[56]
Walt Disney Gallery (Spring 1997-) a twice a year collectibles catalog, which has also been sent to Lenox Mint, Danbury Mint and Franklin Mint catalog lists. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 2.5 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Disney Kids (by July 1998-) send to parents twice a year in August focusing on back-to-school and in September focusing on Halloween costumes. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 1.3 million copies per year and generating $3 million in annual sales.[56]
disneystore.com, formerly disneyshopping.com[63]
Pooh’s Corner (1997-) for the fans of the bear character. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 4 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Playclothes (sold by 12/1996)[56]
Childcraft (April 1988[57]-May 1997) educational products[60]

Services[edit]
1-800 gift service

Pooh Gram (December 1996- ) a parent can order a appropriately occasion dressed Pooh bear sent with a personal message. This service takes in $10 million in revenue per year.[56]
Mickey Gram - pending as of June 1998[56]

Club

Winnie the Pooh Flag - sends holiday flags on a regular basis, which did $10 million a year in revenue in 1997.[56]

References[edit]


^ a b https://businesssearch.sos.ca.gov/CBS/SearchResults?SearchType=CORP&SearchCriteria=Disney+Consumer&SearchSubType=Keyword
^ a b c d e "Company Overview of Disney Consumer Products, Inc.". investing. BusinessWeek.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ a b Jarvey, Natalie (February 22, 2016). "Disney's Consumer Products and Interactive Division Loses Leslie Ferraro, Promotes James Pitaro". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved February 23, 2016. 
^ Ehrbar, Greg (2006). Mouse Tracks: The Story of Walt Disney Records (First ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. p. 8. ISBN 1617034339. Retrieved March 11, 2015. 
^ Aberdeen, J. A. (2000). "Disneyland". Hollywood Renegades. Cobblestone Entertainment. ISBN 1-890110-24-8. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b c Hirsch, Jerry (December 31, 1998). "Winnie the Pooh Gains Momentum across Disney Product Lines". The Orange County Register. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Leonard, Devin; Burke, Doris (January 20, 2003). "The Curse of Pooh". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved July 11, 2016. 
^ "DISNEY CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. Entity Number: C1389445". Business Search. State of California. Retrieved 28 November 2012. 
^ Vaughan, Vicki (March 28, 1992). "Disney Restaurants To Close After Lackluster Performance". Orlando Sentinel. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ Newman, Melinda; Flippo, Chet (December 4, 1999). "Disney's Bet on Buena Vista is Paying Off: Other Divisions Revamped". Billboard. 111 (49): 3, 139. Retrieved March 10, 2015. 
^ a b c Grover, Ronald (September 6, 2011). "Disney Consumer Products Chairman Mooney Resigns to Seek Leadership Role". bloomberg.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Toops, Diane (February 1, 2002). "Kellogg brings magic to breakfast". Food Processing. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney Consumer Products, along with Wells' Dairy, Inc., launched a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products". The Food Institute Report. May 26, 2003. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Kroger and Disney bring Old Yeller back after 48 years". Private Label Buyer. May 1, 2005. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Motorola reaches for kids with Disney". TWICE. August 5, 2002. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney to start selling personalcomputers for kids". St. Augustine Record. The Associated Press. August 7, 2004. Retrieved March 28, 2015. 
^ a b c Masters, Kim (October 20, 2011). "Kermit as Mogul, Farting Fozzie Bear: How Disney's Muppets Movie Has Purists Rattled". The Hollywood Reporter. pp. 3 of 4. Retrieved August 20, 2013. 
^ Bhattacharjee, Manisha (April 25, 2005). "Disney's Eisner, Iger in India; to meet PM & President". Indiantelevision.com. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b Petrecca, Laura (2005-08-26). "Disney hopes fairies will fly into girls' hearts". Usatoday.Com. Retrieved 2017-01-04. 
^ a b Armstrong, Josh (August 14, 2013). "Mike Disa and The Seven Dwarfs: How the Snow White prequel became a Dopey movie". Animated Views.com. Animated Views. Retrieved June 12, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (May 29, 2006). ""Disney Fairies" franchise gets ready to take flight". Jim Hill Media.com. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Disney's BVITV-AP brings 'Toon Disney' block to Vietnam". Indiantelevision.com. February 1, 2007. Retrieved March 10, 2014. 
^ "Disney Jeans launched, plans 30 stores". Business Standard. September 26, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ "Disney to set up 150 stores in India". The Times of India. TNN. October 12, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (Aug 9, 2006). ""Disney Dragonkind" roars into stores & "Disney Bunnies" hops onto bookstore shelves in early 2007". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ a b c d Josh (August 11, 2006). "Bunnies and dragons unite for Disney Consumer Products". Animated Views. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Sliwinski, Alexander (June 5, 2008). "Disney's games and internet divisions merging". Joystiq.com. AOL, Inc. Retrieved February 27, 2015. 
^ "Boyd promoted at Disney Consumer Products unit". Daily News Record. July 30, 1997. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 6, 2010). "Pook-A-Looz give classic Disney characters a quirky new look". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 29, 2010). "With new merch & a new movie in the pipeline, there's no stopping the Muppets now". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Donley, Michelle (December 31, 2009). "Marvel Shareholders OK Disney Acquisition". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Josh Silverman". Disney Consumer Products. June 11, 2015. 
^ Finke, Nikki (August 23, 2011). "Disney Fires Marvel's Marketing Department". Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (April 19, 2012). "Disney Bets on 'The Avengers' After 'John Carter'". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Kohler, Chris (October 16, 2012). "How Videogames Are Changing Disney". Wired.com. Retrieved October 17, 2012. 
^ a b Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "With Star Wars and Princesses, Disney Now Has Six of the Top 10 Licensed Franchises". Variety. Retrieved December 2, 2013. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (May 2, 2013). "Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories". CNN Money. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "‘Star Wars,’ Marvel to Boost Disney’s Already Dominant Licensing Biz". Variety. 
^ "Disney, ABC Plan New Millennial Brand". License Mag. October 18, 2013. Retrieved May 23, 2014. 
^ Schuster, Dana (14 April 2014). "‘Frozen’ merch is making parents do crazy things". New York Post. Retrieved 16 April 2014. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (9 April 2014). "Disney’s ‘Frozen’ Dress Sets Off $1,600 Frenzy by Parents". Bloomberg. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ a b Rainey, James (June 29, 2015). "Disney Merges Its Consumer Products and Interactive Divisions". Variety. Retrieved July 5, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (September 17, 2015). "Meep Meep TV". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin". disneyconsumerproducts.com. Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Lieberman, David (December 15, 2015). "Disney Taps Courtney Holt To Replace Ynon Kreiz As Head Of Maker Studios". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Main, Sami (November 21, 2016). "How Disney Maintains a Strong Relationship With Its Millennial Audience". AdWeek. Retrieved January 4, 2017. 
^ Wallenstein, Andrew (December 20, 2016). "Disney Shifts Oversight of Maker Studios (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Spangler, Todd (2 May 2017). "Disney Sets More Family-Friendly Path for Maker Studios". Variety. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ a b c Lisanti, Tony (May 1, 2017). "Disney's Vision for the Future". License! Global. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ "Everything you need to know about new 'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' series". ABC News. April 13, 2017. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ Baisley, Sarah (June 21, 2007). "DisneyToon Studios Prexy Morrill Steps Down". Animation World Network. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (June 20, 2007). "Say "So Long !" to direct-to-video sequels : DisneyToon Studios tunes out Sharon Morrill". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Disney Consumer Products Public Relations (September 26, 2013). "Disney Debuts New Franchise Extension with Launch of Disney Princess Palace Pets App and Toy Line". Marketwatch.com. Business Wire. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin" (PDF). Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved 2015-09-16. 
^ a b "Disney plots out the ending for unit's KC call center". L.A. Biz. American City Business Journals. November 14, 2005. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m "Disney Direct Marketing". Chief Marketer. Access Intelligence, LLC. June 1, 1998. Retrieved February 9, 2017. 
^ a b "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Division of Corporations - Filing". Business Entity Detail. Delaware State Department Division of Corporations. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ Greenlaw, Wendy (August 7, 2015). "Disney Store's Memphis Distribution Center Sells for $27.5 Million". Memphis Daily News (VOL. 130 NO. 153). The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. May 28, 1997. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Vermont Teddy Bear settles dispute with Disney". Catalog Age (Vol. 14 Issue 11). October 1997. p. 7. Retrieved February 10, 2017 – via EBSCOhost Connection. 
^ "Disney absorbs Infoseek". Money. CNNfn. July 12, 1999. Retrieved December 7, 2012. 
^ a b Todé, Chantal (May 19, 2009). "Disney launches new e-commerce site". DMN. Haymarket Media, Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 







Polsson, Ken. "Chronology of the Walt Disney Company". KPolsson.com.  Missing or empty |url= (help)


^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*The Disney Touch, by Ron Grover, 1991.
*The Musical World of Walt Disney, by David Tietyen, 1990. Page 19.
Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
*Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 67.
^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 31.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page. 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 68.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 81.
^ "1932". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 107.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 108.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 70.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 197.
^ "1933". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's World of Fantasy, by Adrian Bailey, 1987.
*Microsoft Cinemania '95, 1994.
*Of Mice and Magic, by Leonard Maltin, 1980.
*Walt Disney - Hollywood's Dark Prince, by Marc Eliot, 1993. Page 76.
*Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 139.
*The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
*The Hollywood Studios, by Roy Pickard, 1978. Page 240.
*Walt Disney - When Dreams Come True, by JoAnn DiFranco, 1985. Page 29.
*Encyclopedia of Walt Disney's Animated Characters, by John Grant, 1987. Page 55.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 109.
*Disney A to Z - The Updated Official Encyclopedia, by Dave Smith, 1998. Page 553.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 185.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disney Magazine, Spring 2001. Page 80.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 127.
Walt Disney's Railroad Story, by Michael Broggie, 1997. Page 41.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 116.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Source: Disney Magazine, Summer 1997. Page 46.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 273.
^ "1938". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. page 186.
^ "1948". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 250.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 153.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
*Asiaweek, November 12, 1999, Volume 25, Number 45. Page 48.
* Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 473.
^ "1979". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 89.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source:
* Prince of the Magic Kingdom, by Joe Flower, 1991.
*Work in Progress, by Michael Eisner, 1998. Page 243.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, October 13, 1987. Page D26.
^ "July to December 1991". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, November 12, 1991. Page D4.




New York Times (The New York Times Company).


^ "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ Stevenson, Richard W. (May 4, 1990). "Disney Stores: Magic in Retail?". The New York Times. pp. D1,D18. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ a b c d Holson, Laura M. (August 30, 2004). "A Nike Veteran Adds Some Swoosh to Disney's Tired Mouse". The New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 
^ "Volume 146, Number 50736.". March 19, 1997. p. D6. 
^ a b Orenstein, Peggy (December 24, 2006). "What’s Wrong With Cinderella?". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 April 2013. 
^ a b c Barnes, Brooks (September 18, 2008). "Fuzzy Renaissance". The New York Times. Retrieved December 29, 2012. 
^ a b Barnes, Brooks (February 23, 2015). "Disney Names Robert Chapek Chairman for Theme Parks". New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 


Los Angeles Times. (Tribune Publishing).


^ "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. AP. May 28, 1997. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ a b c d Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 6, 2011). "Head of Disney Consumer Products group steps down". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ "Disney to Sell Its Retail Stores in Japan". Los Angeles Times. Bloomberg News. September 11, 2001. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ "Disney buys back store chain from Children's Place". Los Angeles Times. Reuters. May 2, 2008. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 14, 2009). "Disney toys get Pixar animation guru's touch". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C.; Rebecca Keegan (June 21, 2011). "Merchandise sales drive Pixar's 'Cars' franchise". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 10, 2011). "Disney names Robert Chapek head of consumer products group". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 20 December 2012. 
^ Miller, Daniel (May 7, 2015). "Leslie Ferraro named president of Disney Consumer Products". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 





External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media







Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store








Publishing and Digital Media




Disney Publishing Worldwide



Disney English
Disney Press
Disney Hyperion
Marvel Press (joint w/Marvel)





Disney Digital Network



Maker Studios
Babble.com
Disney.com
Go.com








Games and Interactive Experiences



DCPI Labs

The Muppets Studio


Disney Interactive Studios
Disney Mobile
Playdom





Franchises



Disney Channels Worldwide

Disney Junior
Darkwing Duck
DuckTales
Elena of Avalor
Gravity Falls
Kim Possible
Phineas and Ferb
Star vs. the Forces of Evil


Disney Fairies
Disney Princess
Disney Tsum Tsum
Disney Villains
Disney Interactive

Club Penguin
Disney Infinity
Kingdom Hearts
Where's My Water?


Frozen
The Kingdom Keepers
Marvel
Lucasfilm

Indiana Jones
Star Wars


Mickey & Friends
The Muppets
Pirates of the Caribbean
Pixar

Cars
Finding Nemo
The Incredibles
Monsters Inc.
Toy Story


Tron
Winnie the Pooh





Other



D23
Disney Vault






The Walt Disney Company










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Disney_Consumer_Products_and_Interactive_Media&oldid=790044696"					
Categories: Disney Consumer ProductsDisney franchisesThe Walt Disney Company subsidiariesDisney InteractiveDisney video gamesInternet companies of the United StatesSoftware companies of the United StatesVideo game companies of the United StatesEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaSoftware companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game publishersCompanies based in Burbank, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 2015Software companies established in 2015Video game companies established in 2015Hidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URL 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisPortuguêsTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 07:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media - Wikipedia






















 






Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Inc.





Type

Subsidiary[1]


Industry
Merchandising


Predecessor
Disney Consumer Products
Disney Interactive


Founded
000000002015-03-25-0000March 25, 2015[1]


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

James Pitaro
(chairman)[3]


Products
Books



Production output




Digital content
Video games





Services
Licensing


Parent
The Walt Disney Company


Divisions



Disney Licensing
Disney Retail
DCPI Games & Apps
DCPI Publishing and Digital Media





Subsidiaries



Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Store
The Muppets Studio
Maker Studios





Website
dcpi.disney.com


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI), is a segment and subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company that engages in merchandising of the Disney brand and Disney properties through licensing, retail, video games, digital applications and content divisions. The company was formed as a result of the merger between Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive.



Contents


1 Background
2 History

2.1 Disney Consumer Products

2.1.1 Franchise focus




3 DCPIMedia history
4 Franchises

4.1 Disney Bunnies
4.2 Disney Dragonkind


5 DCPI structure
6 Disney Shopping

6.1 DS history

6.1.1 Disney Direct Marketing
6.1.2 Disney Shopping


6.2 Catalogs
6.3 Services


7 References
8 External links



Background[edit]
DCPI's origins trace back to 1929, when Walt Disney licensed the image of Mickey Mouse for use on a children's writing tablet.[ChWDC 1] On December 16 of that year, Walt Disney Productions formed the Walt Disney Enterprises (WDE) division to handle merchandising.[ChWDC 2]
The Mickey Mouse doll production by Charlotte Clark started shortly after in January 1930.[ChWDC 3] The WDE division also hired George Borgfeldt & Company of New York as a licensing agent to make Mickey and Minnie Mouse toys.[ChWDC 4] Borgfeldt & Company in turn set to work developing other products, granting the first license to Walkburger, Tanner and Company of St. Gall, Switzerland, for Mickey and Minnie Mouse handkerchiefs.[ChWDC 5] That summer of 1930 Disney expanded WDE to England, granting a general license to William Banks Levy for Mickey and Minnie Mouse character merchandise.[ChWDC 6]
In 1932 Disney closed a merchandising contract with Herman "Kay" Kamen for sole representation.[ChWDC 7] Early on WDE began to show results. The company's merchandising made the Silly Symphony film Three Little Pigs (1933) the company's first profit-making animated film.[ChWDC 8]
In 1934, Disney licensing expanded to hand-crank toy projectors,[ChWDC 9] diamond-studded Mickey Mouse pins, Mickey Mouse toffee in England[ChWDC 10] and a Lionel wind-up train toy,[ChWDC 11] while a patent is received for Ingersoll-Waterbury Clock Company's Mickey Mouse watch.[ChWDC 12]
Yet more companies licensed the Mickey Mouse image. General Foods did so for one year and made $1.5 million on the Post Toasties cereal box. Mickey was the first licensed character on such a product.[ChWDC 13] Clashes with other companies weren't unavoidable, though. Disney filed suit on July 31 against the United Biscuit Company of America, Sawyer Biscuit Company, and the Chicago Carton Company for unauthorized use of Disney characters for animal crackers which lasted for four months and ended in Disney's favor.[ChWDC 14]
Disney signed on July 19, 1938 with Courvoisier Galleries, making Courvoisier Disney's original art marketing representative. In December, Walt Disney Enterprises was renamed Walt Disney Productions.[ChWDC 15]
In October 1948, Disney and Kay Kamen extend the merchandising contract, but only for the Americas.[ChWDC 16] In 1949, the Character Merchandising Division is formed with in Disney.[ChWDC 17] Also that year on October 28, Kay Kamen, Disney's licensing representative, died in an Air France plane crash over the Azores.[ChWDC 18]
With Roy Disney's split off the merchandising division from Disney Production, Jimmy Johnson became head of the merchandising division's publication department in 1950 and took on managing business affairs for the Walt Disney Music Company.[4]
Disney had a food division with product from bread to soft drinks, which was mostly discontinued due to its contract with ABC to produce TV shows and the need to not be in competition with potential advertisers.[5]
After Disney purchased the rights for Winnie the Pooh to make a 1966 animated short film, the company conceded to a broad licensing agreement with Sears, Roebuck & Co..[6] Stephen Slesinger Inc.'s Pati Slesinger found merchandise that Disney did not pay royalties on. The Slesinger then attempt to get the A.A. Milne Trust to abrogate its contract. In 1983, Disney paid Stephen Slesinger Inc. and the Milne estate to end the royalty issue and agreed to a new contract that lower Slesinger Inc.'s royalty percentage.[7]
In 1979, the Intergovernmental Philatelic Corporation of New York was licensed by Walt Disney Productions to make Disney character stamps for several countries.[ChWDC 19]
History[edit]
Disney Consumer Products[edit]

Disney Consumer Products





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Merchandising


Fate
split up


Predecessor
Character Merchandising Division


Founded
1929[2]


Defunct
2017


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Textiles, apparel and luxury goods[2]


Services
Licensing


Parent
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media
(The Walt Disney Company)


Divisions
Licensing[2]


Subsidiaries
Disney Store


Website
disneyconsumerproducts.com


Disney Consumer Products was incorporated with the State of California in 1986.[8]
The first Disney Store opened in Glendale, California on March 28, 1987.[ChWDC 20] On October 12, Disney agreed to a licensing contract with Mattel for a Disney Character infant and preschool toy line.[ChWDC 21] DCP purchased Childcraft Education Corp., maker of children's furniture and equipment, retail stores and catalog sales, from Grolier Inc. in April 1988.[nyt 1]
In April 1990, the 50th store was opened in Montclair, California along with the first Mickey's Kitchen fast food restaurant.[nyt 2] On November 11, 1991, Mattel and Disney extended the 1987 agreement, adding Pinocchio, Bambi, Dumbo, It's a Small World, and the Autopia to the toy line.[ChWDC 22] In March 1992, Disney Stores closed the two Mickey's Kitchen as the restaurants were only breaking even while well received by the customers as the company wanted to focus on overseas expansions.[9]
In 1994, DCP ended an exclusive licensing agreement with Sears for Winnie the Pooh. Three distinct product lines were created for Pooh: Disney Pooh, based on the Disney red-shirted tan bear cartoon version; 100 Acre Collection, a more upscale line for department stores and the Classic Pooh line based on the original A.A. Milne books' Ernest H. Shephard illustrations.[6]
DCP licensing peak in 1997 with 749 Disney Stores worldwide, operating income of $893 million and 4,200 licensees for mostly Winnie the Pooh and Mickey Mouse product plus some top animated movies.[nyt 3] Disney's and McDonald's ten-year cross-promotional agreement began on January 1, 1997.[nyt 4] In May 1997, the Vermont Teddy Bear Co. filed a copyright infringement suit against Disney over "Pooh-Grams" being similar to its mail-order "Bear-Gram" trademark and logo. Also, Disney Enterprises, Inc. sold DCP operating subsidiary Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co.[lat 1]
In March 1998, Walt Disney Records and Walt Disney Music Publishing were transferred out of DCP to Buena Vista Music Group in the Disney studio division.[10] By 1998, Pooh outsold Mickey Mouse $316 million to $114 million through November of that year in just-licensed-toy sales. By replacing Sears with 100 licensees including Mattel, Hallmark, Timex, Tupperware and Royal Daulton, DCP has since increased Pooh product lines from $390 million to $3.3 billion.[6]
Franchise focus[edit]




DCP office buildings in Glendale at Disney's Grand Central Creative Campus


With Mickey Mouse and other characters on products everywhere and a general retail decline in 2000, DCP had registered operating income of only $386 million.[nyt 3] In December 1999, Andrew P. Mooney became the head of DCP. He created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5][11] He also developed the Disney Couture fashion line, Walt Disney Signature furniture, a princess-inspired bridal gowns line, and lines based on the Pixar films, Toy Story and Cars.[lat 2] Mooney had DCP try an Always Fresh labeled women's nightshirts and T-shirts line which attempt to be more mature but failed. He also reduced the number of licensees in half, sold low sale stores and had staff actively pursuing licensing partners than waiting for proposals. For example, Mooney, worked to have Fred Segal, a high-end retailers, sell specialty products and opened a sales office near Wal-Mart's headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas. In 2001, Mooney lead a promotion of Mickey Mouse T-shirts by getting them into the hands of celebrities, which was a success. Also, Disney Publishing issued its first original comic book, W.I.T.C.H., which was successful enough to be adapted into an animated series.[nyt 3]
Consumer Products also begin expanding licensing in the food category in the 2000s. DCP agreed to a licensing agreement with Kellogg Company for a Kellogg's Disney cereal line launched in February 2002; Kellogg's Disney Mickey's Magix, Kellogg's Disney Hunny Bs, and Kellogg's Disney/Pixar Buzz Blasts.[12] In May 2003, DCP and Wells' Dairy launched a Disney-branded dairy line with a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products.[13] In May 2005, DCP licensed Krogers the Old Yeller name to sell dog food.[14]
The Japanese stores were sold to Oriental Land Company in 2002,[lat 3] while most North American stores were sold and licensed in November 2004 to The Children's Place.[lat 4] Disney licensed Motorola for cordless phones and two way handset radios in August 2002.[15]
For the first 3 quarters of 2004, Disney Consumer Products made $388 million in operating income placing the year ahead of 2000 and 2003. In May 2004, the Disney Cuties design (a more anime style) line was introduced with T-shirts. Mooney's major initiatives was to turn Disney into a lifestyle brand by relying on the Disney brand reputation instead of its characters to sell clothing and household goods with half the royalty percentage of the 10% for Disney characters. At Fred Segal in August, the retailer was test selling Snap watches, with swappable faces and wristbands, with Disney characters with hipper, urban designs. In Spring 2005, DCP planned to start sell pants and jean jackets under the Disney Denim brand with a cartoon whimsical elements.[nyt 3] On August 5, 2004, the Disney Dream Desk PC, designed by Frog Design and manufactured by Medion, began being sold at CompUSA and Disney online. DCP planned to release a camcorder and digital camera later in the year.[16]
Disney purchased the rights to The Muppets and the Bear in the Big Blue House franchises from The Jim Henson Company on February 17, 2004.[nyt 6] The two brands were placed under control of the Muppets Holding Company, LLC, then as a unit of Disney Consumer Products.[17]
In 2005, DCP has begun working with various Indian retail outlets to establish Disney Corners within the outlets to sell licensed merchandise.[18] Also that year, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While DCP eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male centric franchise to counterbalance the female centric Fairies by 2005.[20]
In 2006, the Muppets Holding Company was transferred from the Disney Consumer Products unit to The Walt Disney Studios with studio executives passing on oversight, the unit was placed in the special events group.[nyt 6][17] With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] DCP in May concluded a consumer products master licensing agreement for Indochina, including Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, with East Media Holdings Inc.'s EMHI Licensing Inc.[22] On September 26, the Disney Jeans brand was launched in India under license to Indus Clothing, who planned to open 30 Disney Jean stores by the end of 2007.[23] In October, DCP India franchised to Ravi Jaipuria Corporation the rights for five years to set up 150 Disney Artist brand stores and wholesale under the Disney Artist brand Disney character branded greeting cards, stationary, arts, crafts and party product in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives.[24]
In January 2007 two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies and Disney Dragonkind.[25][26]
In 2008, Disney purchased back its Disney Stores from The Children's Place.[lat 2] On June 5, 2008, Disney Interactive Studios is transferred out of DCP to the Disney Interactive Media Group.[27][28]
John Lasseter of Pixar became a creative advisor to DCP in 2009 after already assisting on Cars products. Lasseter pushed for an end to "label slapping", which is using a popular move to sell unrelated generic toys.[lat 5] The Disney Princesses franchise has generated more than $4 billion in retail sales worldwide.[lat 2] In post-Christmas 2009, Disney Pook-A-Looz, a plush line of Disney caricatures, was launched with its first set at Toy'R'Us with Disney Stores receiving them in mid-March 2010 with the Cheshire Cat selling well.[29] The Muppets were considered the best sellers of the second set of Pook-A-Looz over the expected “Nightmare Before Christmas” characters.[30]
In 2009, Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4.24 billion.[31] Josh Silverman, a senior executive at Marvel, was appointed Executive Vice President of Global Licensing for Disney Consumer Products and helped facilitate the Disney-Marvel integration.[32] In 2011, Disney fired Marvel Studios' marketing department[33] taking over marketing of their films beginning with the 2012 film The Avengers.[34]
The Cars sequel was approved for a 2011 debut despite the original being panned by the critics and one of the lowest grossing Pixar film as its licensed products have done well.[lat 6] Mooney stepped down as DCP chair in September 2011.[lat 2] With Robert Chapek being appointed president of DCP, DCP expanded its responsibility to include all retailing, distribution and licensing for Marvel, Pixar, video discs and video games.[lat 7]
Swampy the Alligator from Where's My Water? was the first Disney Interactive Media Group original character to get the merchandising treatment by 2012.[35] In 2012, Disney was the world’s largest licensor and number 1 in the entertainment category according to International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association for another year with an 80% market share and $39.5 billion.[36]
In March 2013, Disney sent a letter to its suppliers to have them by April 2014 pull any Disney branded products out of the five "highest-risk countries": Bangladesh, Ecuador, Venezuela, Belarus and Pakistan, based on a World Bank-governed metric report. This was announced in May after a Bangladeshi factory building collapsed. Haiti and Cambodia, which are also low-ranking countries, were allowable per Disney's new policy so long as the factories worked with the Better Work health and safety program run by the International Labour Organization and the International Finance Corporation. Bangladesh factories were liable to get work if they also partnered with the Better Work program. Disney also stated that less than 1% of its products were sourced from Bangladesh and even less from the other four countries.[37]
DCP began representing Lucasfilm brands in June 2013.[38] With the addition of Star Wars, Disney has six of the top 10 franchises: Disney Princess (1st), Star Wars (2nd), Winnie the Pooh (3rd), Cars (4th), Mickey & Friends (6th), and Toy Story (8th), with two more in the top twenty; Disney Fairies (11th) and Spider-Man (16th).[36] In October, DCP announced an arrangement with Wet Seal for an ABC Family character inspired Crush by ABC Family apparel and accessories line to reach the shelves in 2014.[39]
In April 2014, DCP was the subject of online criticism from numerous parents (through the Disney Store's Facebook page and other forums) for severely underestimating consumer demand for merchandise related to Disney Animation's 2013 blockbuster hit, Frozen.[40][41] DCP saw its profit increase by 22% for the 2014 year.[nyt 7]
On February 23, 2015, Robert Chapek was named chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts effective that day.[nyt 7] Leslie Ferraro, formerly executive vice president of global marketing, sales and travel operations of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, was named president of DCP.[lat 8]
DCPIMedia history[edit]
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media was formed in 000000002015-06-01-0000June 2015 as merger of Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive. The presidents of DCP and DIM were appointed co-chairs of the division while retaining the presidency of their subsidiary while Disney Publishing Worldwide would report to them as co-chairs. The units were brought together due to increase use of technology on the part of DCP with the announced Playmation toy system and digital publishing by DPW.[42]
In 2014, The Muppets Studio was transferred then when the new division was formed ended up as a part of the newly formed DCPI Labs unit.[43][44] On January 11, 2016, Maker Studios was placed under the control of Disney Interactive concurrent with the appointment of Courtney Holt as Maker head with the title of executive vice president.[45]
Ferraro left Disney eight months later in February 2016 with James Pitaro becoming sole chairman.[3] Disney Co/Op team was formed in 2015 to work with licensees and other partners for branded content like Disney Boxed (the reverse concept of Unboxing) with Hasbro about creating a toy.[46]
Content & Media department was formed under executive vice president Andrew Sugerman in early 2016 from Disney Publishing Worldwide, Disney LOL, Oh My Disney and other units. Maker Studio was transferred into DCPI Content and Media in December 2016. While former Maker head moved to Disney corporate strategy unit as executive vice president of media and strategy.[47] Disney Digital Network was formed by the May 2, 2017 Disney's Digital Content NewFronts with Maker, the former Disney Online websites, StarWars.com and other digital first content units.[48]
DCPI moved to address for all franchises three issues, expanding the audience, category expansion & product development and direct-to-consumer.[49] With Marvel and Star Wars, DCPI planned to push into the female audience. With Star Wars, DCPI partnered with Lucasfilm Animation for Star Wars Forces of Destiny which features female characters, premieres on DCPI's Disney YouTube channel and supported by apparel, books and toys including a new product type, "adventure figures".[49][50] DCPI has worked on aging up Minnie Mouse by working with several designers for product appealing to adults and young adults for primary the fashion field. With Ashley Eckstein's Her Universe, Disney Consumer had already work with on expanding Star Wars and Marvel products to girls and women. Now Her Universe is working on a Disney co-branded "athleisure" line for both sexes and Disney Princess.[49]
Franchises[edit]


Franchises launched[21]


Disney Princess (2000)


Disney Fairies (2006)


Franchises considered (2006)[21]


Disney Bunnies


Disney Dwarves


Disney Horses


Disney Mermaids


Disney Trains


Andrew P. Mooney of Disney Consumer Products (DCP) created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5] In 2005, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While Consumer Products eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male-centric franchise to counterbalance the female-centric Fairies by 2005.[20] The Muppet franchise held by DCP, in Muppet Holding Company, after being purchased in 2004 and transferred out in 2006 to Disney Studios.[nyt 6][17]
With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Disney Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises (see table at right) with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] In January 2007, two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies with three books and Disney Dragonkind with a set of statues.[25][26]
Complications relating to the production of Tinker Bell, the debut film of the Disney Fairies franchise lead to discussion over the focus of DisneyToon Studios. Pixar leadership exerted control and affected Franchise projects at the production company. Tinker Bell's animation was scrapped and was restarted while two possible franchise projects were cancelled, "Disney's Dwarfs" and the "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales" line after the first DVD release.[51][52]
The June 2013 release of the Disney Princess Palace Pets app from Disney Publishing lead DCP to turn Palace Pets into a Disney Princess franchise extension with the release of The Palace Pets toy line in August from licensee, Blip Toys. The line was also listed by TimetoPlayMag.com for its Most Wanted List Holiday 2013.[53]




Disney Bunnies[edit]


Disney Bunnies


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Print publications


Book(s)


"I Love You, My Bunnies"
"Thumper Counts to Ten"
"Goodnight, Thumper!"[25]




Miscellaneous


spun off from
Bambi and Bambi II


Disney Bunnies is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on Thumper from the 1942 film Bambi and its 2006 followup Bambi II.[21][26] Selected as DCP's third franchise to be launched,[21] Disney Bunnies was launched on January 15, 2007 with three books.[25]


Disney Dragonkind[edit]


Disney Dragonkind


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Miscellaneous


Toys
statues


spun off from
Disney Movies


Disney Dragonkind is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on dragons appearing in Disney animated movies.[25][26] It was launched in January 2007 with a statue of Maleficent (from Sleeping Beauty) in dragon form. Gentle Giant Studios sculpted the three first statues with the last two being: Mushu from Mulan and Elliot from Pete's Dragon.[25]




DCPI structure[edit]

Disney Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store Worldwide, Inc.
Disney Shopping, Inc., online and other direct marketing channels


Games and Interactive Experiences

DCPI Labs team[42]

The Muppets Studio (formerly Muppets Holding Company LLC)[54]




DCPI Publishing and Digital Media

Disney Digital Networks[48]

Maker Studios[48]

Polaris, gaming channel[48]


Advanced Media
Disney Social
Disney Co/Op, custom content[46] and all platform ad sales
disney.com
Disney Style[48]
Oh My Disney[46]
Disney LOL[46]
babble.com[46]
Disney Family (Family.com)[48]
Go.com: formerly GO Network
StarWars.com and Star Wars app[48]


Disney Publishing Worldwide




Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Shopping, Inc., formerly Disney Direct Marketing (Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc.; DDM), is the direct sales subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products, a segment subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company.[55]
DS history[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing[edit]


Fiscal
Year
sales
(million)[56]


1994
$65


1998
estimated $200


The Walt Disney Company purchased the Childcraft Education Corporation for $52 million from Grolier Inc. to expand its mail-order business and that the children's furniture and equipment area fit with the Disney characters' target market. Childcraft's mailing list would boost Walt Disney Family Gift Catalog's mailing list from 2.8 million to 8 million.[57]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. was incorporated on May 1, 1990.[58] In 1996, Disney Stores had started leasing land in the Southpoint Distribution Park in Memphis. In 1997, Disney Direct Marketing started operating out of a building built there by Clayco.[59]
Prior to December 1996, Disney Direct Marketing had sold the Playclothes catalog as they did not support the Disney brand. At that time, DDM had a in-house Kansas City telemarketing center and a warehouse in Memphis. In December 1996, DDM's HQ was moved from New York City to the main Disney campus in Burbank, California. Due to the relocation, the unit needed to restaff. Donna Bhatia was hired then as Disney Direct Marketing as vice president of marketing and new business development and was involved in the restaffing adding another 4 hours to her work day. The company added its first services then with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56]
The company added its first services in December 1996 with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56] In May 1997, Disney Direct Marketing was sued over the service for copyright and trademark infringement of Vermont Teddy Bear Company's trademark mail-order "Bear-Gram" ideas and logo.[60] By October 1997, the case was settled out of court with an agreement that includes changes to reduce confusion.[61]
Also in May 1997, Disney sold its Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co. for $14.6 million.[60] Disney sold Childcraft as the catalog did not support the Disney brands.[56]
Bhatia got the Disney Catalog distributed by the Disney Stores, which had not happen much before, which generated sales of $13 million at lower mailing costs. She then found that Disney had multiple (60) customer databases of which only five were used for catalog mailings. Combined the 60 databases had 20 million records that after removing duplicated records consisted of 10 million households. With the unified database, Disney started adding additional catalogs started in spring 1997 with The Walt Disney Gallery Catalog plus two more by June 1998. With the increased sales, a new warehouse was being build in South Carolina.[56]
With Disney's purchase of the remainder of Infoseek in July 1999, the Go Network, Infoseek, the Disney Catalog, Disney Online (Disney.com and DisneyStore.com), ABC News Internet Ventures and ESPN Internet Ventures and Buena Vista Internet Group are merged into the Go.com company.[62]
Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. had changed its name to Disney Shopping, Inc. as it operated online with the disneyshopping.com domain. By January 31, 2006, Disney Shopping's Kansas call center was closed with some of the 250 employees would transferring to a Utah call center and few would remain until May 2006.[55] On May 19, 2009, disneyshopping.com was redesigned and relaunched at a new domain, disneystore.com, with the additional of Disney Parks and Resorts products.[63]
Catalogs[edit]

Disney Catalog[56]
Walt Disney Gallery (Spring 1997-) a twice a year collectibles catalog, which has also been sent to Lenox Mint, Danbury Mint and Franklin Mint catalog lists. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 2.5 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Disney Kids (by July 1998-) send to parents twice a year in August focusing on back-to-school and in September focusing on Halloween costumes. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 1.3 million copies per year and generating $3 million in annual sales.[56]
disneystore.com, formerly disneyshopping.com[63]
Pooh’s Corner (1997-) for the fans of the bear character. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 4 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Playclothes (sold by 12/1996)[56]
Childcraft (April 1988[57]-May 1997) educational products[60]

Services[edit]
1-800 gift service

Pooh Gram (December 1996- ) a parent can order a appropriately occasion dressed Pooh bear sent with a personal message. This service takes in $10 million in revenue per year.[56]
Mickey Gram - pending as of June 1998[56]

Club

Winnie the Pooh Flag - sends holiday flags on a regular basis, which did $10 million a year in revenue in 1997.[56]

References[edit]


^ a b https://businesssearch.sos.ca.gov/CBS/SearchResults?SearchType=CORP&SearchCriteria=Disney+Consumer&SearchSubType=Keyword
^ a b c d e "Company Overview of Disney Consumer Products, Inc.". investing. BusinessWeek.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ a b Jarvey, Natalie (February 22, 2016). "Disney's Consumer Products and Interactive Division Loses Leslie Ferraro, Promotes James Pitaro". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved February 23, 2016. 
^ Ehrbar, Greg (2006). Mouse Tracks: The Story of Walt Disney Records (First ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. p. 8. ISBN 1617034339. Retrieved March 11, 2015. 
^ Aberdeen, J. A. (2000). "Disneyland". Hollywood Renegades. Cobblestone Entertainment. ISBN 1-890110-24-8. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b c Hirsch, Jerry (December 31, 1998). "Winnie the Pooh Gains Momentum across Disney Product Lines". The Orange County Register. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Leonard, Devin; Burke, Doris (January 20, 2003). "The Curse of Pooh". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved July 11, 2016. 
^ "DISNEY CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. Entity Number: C1389445". Business Search. State of California. Retrieved 28 November 2012. 
^ Vaughan, Vicki (March 28, 1992). "Disney Restaurants To Close After Lackluster Performance". Orlando Sentinel. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ Newman, Melinda; Flippo, Chet (December 4, 1999). "Disney's Bet on Buena Vista is Paying Off: Other Divisions Revamped". Billboard. 111 (49): 3, 139. Retrieved March 10, 2015. 
^ a b c Grover, Ronald (September 6, 2011). "Disney Consumer Products Chairman Mooney Resigns to Seek Leadership Role". bloomberg.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Toops, Diane (February 1, 2002). "Kellogg brings magic to breakfast". Food Processing. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney Consumer Products, along with Wells' Dairy, Inc., launched a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products". The Food Institute Report. May 26, 2003. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Kroger and Disney bring Old Yeller back after 48 years". Private Label Buyer. May 1, 2005. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Motorola reaches for kids with Disney". TWICE. August 5, 2002. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney to start selling personalcomputers for kids". St. Augustine Record. The Associated Press. August 7, 2004. Retrieved March 28, 2015. 
^ a b c Masters, Kim (October 20, 2011). "Kermit as Mogul, Farting Fozzie Bear: How Disney's Muppets Movie Has Purists Rattled". The Hollywood Reporter. pp. 3 of 4. Retrieved August 20, 2013. 
^ Bhattacharjee, Manisha (April 25, 2005). "Disney's Eisner, Iger in India; to meet PM & President". Indiantelevision.com. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b Petrecca, Laura (2005-08-26). "Disney hopes fairies will fly into girls' hearts". Usatoday.Com. Retrieved 2017-01-04. 
^ a b Armstrong, Josh (August 14, 2013). "Mike Disa and The Seven Dwarfs: How the Snow White prequel became a Dopey movie". Animated Views.com. Animated Views. Retrieved June 12, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (May 29, 2006). ""Disney Fairies" franchise gets ready to take flight". Jim Hill Media.com. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Disney's BVITV-AP brings 'Toon Disney' block to Vietnam". Indiantelevision.com. February 1, 2007. Retrieved March 10, 2014. 
^ "Disney Jeans launched, plans 30 stores". Business Standard. September 26, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ "Disney to set up 150 stores in India". The Times of India. TNN. October 12, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (Aug 9, 2006). ""Disney Dragonkind" roars into stores & "Disney Bunnies" hops onto bookstore shelves in early 2007". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ a b c d Josh (August 11, 2006). "Bunnies and dragons unite for Disney Consumer Products". Animated Views. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Sliwinski, Alexander (June 5, 2008). "Disney's games and internet divisions merging". Joystiq.com. AOL, Inc. Retrieved February 27, 2015. 
^ "Boyd promoted at Disney Consumer Products unit". Daily News Record. July 30, 1997. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 6, 2010). "Pook-A-Looz give classic Disney characters a quirky new look". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 29, 2010). "With new merch & a new movie in the pipeline, there's no stopping the Muppets now". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Donley, Michelle (December 31, 2009). "Marvel Shareholders OK Disney Acquisition". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Josh Silverman". Disney Consumer Products. June 11, 2015. 
^ Finke, Nikki (August 23, 2011). "Disney Fires Marvel's Marketing Department". Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (April 19, 2012). "Disney Bets on 'The Avengers' After 'John Carter'". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Kohler, Chris (October 16, 2012). "How Videogames Are Changing Disney". Wired.com. Retrieved October 17, 2012. 
^ a b Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "With Star Wars and Princesses, Disney Now Has Six of the Top 10 Licensed Franchises". Variety. Retrieved December 2, 2013. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (May 2, 2013). "Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories". CNN Money. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "‘Star Wars,’ Marvel to Boost Disney’s Already Dominant Licensing Biz". Variety. 
^ "Disney, ABC Plan New Millennial Brand". License Mag. October 18, 2013. Retrieved May 23, 2014. 
^ Schuster, Dana (14 April 2014). "‘Frozen’ merch is making parents do crazy things". New York Post. Retrieved 16 April 2014. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (9 April 2014). "Disney’s ‘Frozen’ Dress Sets Off $1,600 Frenzy by Parents". Bloomberg. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ a b Rainey, James (June 29, 2015). "Disney Merges Its Consumer Products and Interactive Divisions". Variety. Retrieved July 5, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (September 17, 2015). "Meep Meep TV". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin". disneyconsumerproducts.com. Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Lieberman, David (December 15, 2015). "Disney Taps Courtney Holt To Replace Ynon Kreiz As Head Of Maker Studios". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Main, Sami (November 21, 2016). "How Disney Maintains a Strong Relationship With Its Millennial Audience". AdWeek. Retrieved January 4, 2017. 
^ Wallenstein, Andrew (December 20, 2016). "Disney Shifts Oversight of Maker Studios (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Spangler, Todd (2 May 2017). "Disney Sets More Family-Friendly Path for Maker Studios". Variety. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ a b c Lisanti, Tony (May 1, 2017). "Disney's Vision for the Future". License! Global. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ "Everything you need to know about new 'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' series". ABC News. April 13, 2017. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ Baisley, Sarah (June 21, 2007). "DisneyToon Studios Prexy Morrill Steps Down". Animation World Network. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (June 20, 2007). "Say "So Long !" to direct-to-video sequels : DisneyToon Studios tunes out Sharon Morrill". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Disney Consumer Products Public Relations (September 26, 2013). "Disney Debuts New Franchise Extension with Launch of Disney Princess Palace Pets App and Toy Line". Marketwatch.com. Business Wire. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin" (PDF). Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved 2015-09-16. 
^ a b "Disney plots out the ending for unit's KC call center". L.A. Biz. American City Business Journals. November 14, 2005. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m "Disney Direct Marketing". Chief Marketer. Access Intelligence, LLC. June 1, 1998. Retrieved February 9, 2017. 
^ a b "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Division of Corporations - Filing". Business Entity Detail. Delaware State Department Division of Corporations. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ Greenlaw, Wendy (August 7, 2015). "Disney Store's Memphis Distribution Center Sells for $27.5 Million". Memphis Daily News (VOL. 130 NO. 153). The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. May 28, 1997. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Vermont Teddy Bear settles dispute with Disney". Catalog Age (Vol. 14 Issue 11). October 1997. p. 7. Retrieved February 10, 2017 – via EBSCOhost Connection. 
^ "Disney absorbs Infoseek". Money. CNNfn. July 12, 1999. Retrieved December 7, 2012. 
^ a b Todé, Chantal (May 19, 2009). "Disney launches new e-commerce site". DMN. Haymarket Media, Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 







Polsson, Ken. "Chronology of the Walt Disney Company". KPolsson.com.  Missing or empty |url= (help)


^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*The Disney Touch, by Ron Grover, 1991.
*The Musical World of Walt Disney, by David Tietyen, 1990. Page 19.
Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
*Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 67.
^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 31.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page. 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 68.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 81.
^ "1932". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 107.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 108.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 70.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 197.
^ "1933". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's World of Fantasy, by Adrian Bailey, 1987.
*Microsoft Cinemania '95, 1994.
*Of Mice and Magic, by Leonard Maltin, 1980.
*Walt Disney - Hollywood's Dark Prince, by Marc Eliot, 1993. Page 76.
*Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 139.
*The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
*The Hollywood Studios, by Roy Pickard, 1978. Page 240.
*Walt Disney - When Dreams Come True, by JoAnn DiFranco, 1985. Page 29.
*Encyclopedia of Walt Disney's Animated Characters, by John Grant, 1987. Page 55.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 109.
*Disney A to Z - The Updated Official Encyclopedia, by Dave Smith, 1998. Page 553.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 185.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disney Magazine, Spring 2001. Page 80.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 127.
Walt Disney's Railroad Story, by Michael Broggie, 1997. Page 41.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 116.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Source: Disney Magazine, Summer 1997. Page 46.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 273.
^ "1938". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. page 186.
^ "1948". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 250.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 153.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
*Asiaweek, November 12, 1999, Volume 25, Number 45. Page 48.
* Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 473.
^ "1979". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 89.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source:
* Prince of the Magic Kingdom, by Joe Flower, 1991.
*Work in Progress, by Michael Eisner, 1998. Page 243.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, October 13, 1987. Page D26.
^ "July to December 1991". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, November 12, 1991. Page D4.




New York Times (The New York Times Company).


^ "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ Stevenson, Richard W. (May 4, 1990). "Disney Stores: Magic in Retail?". The New York Times. pp. D1,D18. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ a b c d Holson, Laura M. (August 30, 2004). "A Nike Veteran Adds Some Swoosh to Disney's Tired Mouse". The New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 
^ "Volume 146, Number 50736.". March 19, 1997. p. D6. 
^ a b Orenstein, Peggy (December 24, 2006). "What’s Wrong With Cinderella?". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 April 2013. 
^ a b c Barnes, Brooks (September 18, 2008). "Fuzzy Renaissance". The New York Times. Retrieved December 29, 2012. 
^ a b Barnes, Brooks (February 23, 2015). "Disney Names Robert Chapek Chairman for Theme Parks". New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 


Los Angeles Times. (Tribune Publishing).


^ "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. AP. May 28, 1997. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ a b c d Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 6, 2011). "Head of Disney Consumer Products group steps down". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ "Disney to Sell Its Retail Stores in Japan". Los Angeles Times. Bloomberg News. September 11, 2001. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ "Disney buys back store chain from Children's Place". Los Angeles Times. Reuters. May 2, 2008. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 14, 2009). "Disney toys get Pixar animation guru's touch". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C.; Rebecca Keegan (June 21, 2011). "Merchandise sales drive Pixar's 'Cars' franchise". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 10, 2011). "Disney names Robert Chapek head of consumer products group". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 20 December 2012. 
^ Miller, Daniel (May 7, 2015). "Leslie Ferraro named president of Disney Consumer Products". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 





External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media







Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store








Publishing and Digital Media




Disney Publishing Worldwide



Disney English
Disney Press
Disney Hyperion
Marvel Press (joint w/Marvel)





Disney Digital Network



Maker Studios
Babble.com
Disney.com
Go.com








Games and Interactive Experiences



DCPI Labs

The Muppets Studio


Disney Interactive Studios
Disney Mobile
Playdom





Franchises



Disney Channels Worldwide

Disney Junior
Darkwing Duck
DuckTales
Elena of Avalor
Gravity Falls
Kim Possible
Phineas and Ferb
Star vs. the Forces of Evil


Disney Fairies
Disney Princess
Disney Tsum Tsum
Disney Villains
Disney Interactive

Club Penguin
Disney Infinity
Kingdom Hearts
Where's My Water?


Frozen
The Kingdom Keepers
Marvel
Lucasfilm

Indiana Jones
Star Wars


Mickey & Friends
The Muppets
Pirates of the Caribbean
Pixar

Cars
Finding Nemo
The Incredibles
Monsters Inc.
Toy Story


Tron
Winnie the Pooh





Other



D23
Disney Vault






The Walt Disney Company










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Disney_Consumer_Products_and_Interactive_Media&oldid=790044696"					
Categories: Disney Consumer ProductsDisney franchisesThe Walt Disney Company subsidiariesDisney InteractiveDisney video gamesInternet companies of the United StatesSoftware companies of the United StatesVideo game companies of the United StatesEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaSoftware companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game publishersCompanies based in Burbank, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 2015Software companies established in 2015Video game companies established in 2015Hidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URL 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisPortuguêsTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 07:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media - Wikipedia






















 






Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Inc.





Type

Subsidiary[1]


Industry
Merchandising


Predecessor
Disney Consumer Products
Disney Interactive


Founded
000000002015-03-25-0000March 25, 2015[1]


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

James Pitaro
(chairman)[3]


Products
Books



Production output




Digital content
Video games





Services
Licensing


Parent
The Walt Disney Company


Divisions



Disney Licensing
Disney Retail
DCPI Games & Apps
DCPI Publishing and Digital Media





Subsidiaries



Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Store
The Muppets Studio
Maker Studios





Website
dcpi.disney.com


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI), is a segment and subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company that engages in merchandising of the Disney brand and Disney properties through licensing, retail, video games, digital applications and content divisions. The company was formed as a result of the merger between Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive.



Contents


1 Background
2 History

2.1 Disney Consumer Products

2.1.1 Franchise focus




3 DCPIMedia history
4 Franchises

4.1 Disney Bunnies
4.2 Disney Dragonkind


5 DCPI structure
6 Disney Shopping

6.1 DS history

6.1.1 Disney Direct Marketing
6.1.2 Disney Shopping


6.2 Catalogs
6.3 Services


7 References
8 External links



Background[edit]
DCPI's origins trace back to 1929, when Walt Disney licensed the image of Mickey Mouse for use on a children's writing tablet.[ChWDC 1] On December 16 of that year, Walt Disney Productions formed the Walt Disney Enterprises (WDE) division to handle merchandising.[ChWDC 2]
The Mickey Mouse doll production by Charlotte Clark started shortly after in January 1930.[ChWDC 3] The WDE division also hired George Borgfeldt & Company of New York as a licensing agent to make Mickey and Minnie Mouse toys.[ChWDC 4] Borgfeldt & Company in turn set to work developing other products, granting the first license to Walkburger, Tanner and Company of St. Gall, Switzerland, for Mickey and Minnie Mouse handkerchiefs.[ChWDC 5] That summer of 1930 Disney expanded WDE to England, granting a general license to William Banks Levy for Mickey and Minnie Mouse character merchandise.[ChWDC 6]
In 1932 Disney closed a merchandising contract with Herman "Kay" Kamen for sole representation.[ChWDC 7] Early on WDE began to show results. The company's merchandising made the Silly Symphony film Three Little Pigs (1933) the company's first profit-making animated film.[ChWDC 8]
In 1934, Disney licensing expanded to hand-crank toy projectors,[ChWDC 9] diamond-studded Mickey Mouse pins, Mickey Mouse toffee in England[ChWDC 10] and a Lionel wind-up train toy,[ChWDC 11] while a patent is received for Ingersoll-Waterbury Clock Company's Mickey Mouse watch.[ChWDC 12]
Yet more companies licensed the Mickey Mouse image. General Foods did so for one year and made $1.5 million on the Post Toasties cereal box. Mickey was the first licensed character on such a product.[ChWDC 13] Clashes with other companies weren't unavoidable, though. Disney filed suit on July 31 against the United Biscuit Company of America, Sawyer Biscuit Company, and the Chicago Carton Company for unauthorized use of Disney characters for animal crackers which lasted for four months and ended in Disney's favor.[ChWDC 14]
Disney signed on July 19, 1938 with Courvoisier Galleries, making Courvoisier Disney's original art marketing representative. In December, Walt Disney Enterprises was renamed Walt Disney Productions.[ChWDC 15]
In October 1948, Disney and Kay Kamen extend the merchandising contract, but only for the Americas.[ChWDC 16] In 1949, the Character Merchandising Division is formed with in Disney.[ChWDC 17] Also that year on October 28, Kay Kamen, Disney's licensing representative, died in an Air France plane crash over the Azores.[ChWDC 18]
With Roy Disney's split off the merchandising division from Disney Production, Jimmy Johnson became head of the merchandising division's publication department in 1950 and took on managing business affairs for the Walt Disney Music Company.[4]
Disney had a food division with product from bread to soft drinks, which was mostly discontinued due to its contract with ABC to produce TV shows and the need to not be in competition with potential advertisers.[5]
After Disney purchased the rights for Winnie the Pooh to make a 1966 animated short film, the company conceded to a broad licensing agreement with Sears, Roebuck & Co..[6] Stephen Slesinger Inc.'s Pati Slesinger found merchandise that Disney did not pay royalties on. The Slesinger then attempt to get the A.A. Milne Trust to abrogate its contract. In 1983, Disney paid Stephen Slesinger Inc. and the Milne estate to end the royalty issue and agreed to a new contract that lower Slesinger Inc.'s royalty percentage.[7]
In 1979, the Intergovernmental Philatelic Corporation of New York was licensed by Walt Disney Productions to make Disney character stamps for several countries.[ChWDC 19]
History[edit]
Disney Consumer Products[edit]

Disney Consumer Products





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Merchandising


Fate
split up


Predecessor
Character Merchandising Division


Founded
1929[2]


Defunct
2017


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Textiles, apparel and luxury goods[2]


Services
Licensing


Parent
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media
(The Walt Disney Company)


Divisions
Licensing[2]


Subsidiaries
Disney Store


Website
disneyconsumerproducts.com


Disney Consumer Products was incorporated with the State of California in 1986.[8]
The first Disney Store opened in Glendale, California on March 28, 1987.[ChWDC 20] On October 12, Disney agreed to a licensing contract with Mattel for a Disney Character infant and preschool toy line.[ChWDC 21] DCP purchased Childcraft Education Corp., maker of children's furniture and equipment, retail stores and catalog sales, from Grolier Inc. in April 1988.[nyt 1]
In April 1990, the 50th store was opened in Montclair, California along with the first Mickey's Kitchen fast food restaurant.[nyt 2] On November 11, 1991, Mattel and Disney extended the 1987 agreement, adding Pinocchio, Bambi, Dumbo, It's a Small World, and the Autopia to the toy line.[ChWDC 22] In March 1992, Disney Stores closed the two Mickey's Kitchen as the restaurants were only breaking even while well received by the customers as the company wanted to focus on overseas expansions.[9]
In 1994, DCP ended an exclusive licensing agreement with Sears for Winnie the Pooh. Three distinct product lines were created for Pooh: Disney Pooh, based on the Disney red-shirted tan bear cartoon version; 100 Acre Collection, a more upscale line for department stores and the Classic Pooh line based on the original A.A. Milne books' Ernest H. Shephard illustrations.[6]
DCP licensing peak in 1997 with 749 Disney Stores worldwide, operating income of $893 million and 4,200 licensees for mostly Winnie the Pooh and Mickey Mouse product plus some top animated movies.[nyt 3] Disney's and McDonald's ten-year cross-promotional agreement began on January 1, 1997.[nyt 4] In May 1997, the Vermont Teddy Bear Co. filed a copyright infringement suit against Disney over "Pooh-Grams" being similar to its mail-order "Bear-Gram" trademark and logo. Also, Disney Enterprises, Inc. sold DCP operating subsidiary Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co.[lat 1]
In March 1998, Walt Disney Records and Walt Disney Music Publishing were transferred out of DCP to Buena Vista Music Group in the Disney studio division.[10] By 1998, Pooh outsold Mickey Mouse $316 million to $114 million through November of that year in just-licensed-toy sales. By replacing Sears with 100 licensees including Mattel, Hallmark, Timex, Tupperware and Royal Daulton, DCP has since increased Pooh product lines from $390 million to $3.3 billion.[6]
Franchise focus[edit]




DCP office buildings in Glendale at Disney's Grand Central Creative Campus


With Mickey Mouse and other characters on products everywhere and a general retail decline in 2000, DCP had registered operating income of only $386 million.[nyt 3] In December 1999, Andrew P. Mooney became the head of DCP. He created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5][11] He also developed the Disney Couture fashion line, Walt Disney Signature furniture, a princess-inspired bridal gowns line, and lines based on the Pixar films, Toy Story and Cars.[lat 2] Mooney had DCP try an Always Fresh labeled women's nightshirts and T-shirts line which attempt to be more mature but failed. He also reduced the number of licensees in half, sold low sale stores and had staff actively pursuing licensing partners than waiting for proposals. For example, Mooney, worked to have Fred Segal, a high-end retailers, sell specialty products and opened a sales office near Wal-Mart's headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas. In 2001, Mooney lead a promotion of Mickey Mouse T-shirts by getting them into the hands of celebrities, which was a success. Also, Disney Publishing issued its first original comic book, W.I.T.C.H., which was successful enough to be adapted into an animated series.[nyt 3]
Consumer Products also begin expanding licensing in the food category in the 2000s. DCP agreed to a licensing agreement with Kellogg Company for a Kellogg's Disney cereal line launched in February 2002; Kellogg's Disney Mickey's Magix, Kellogg's Disney Hunny Bs, and Kellogg's Disney/Pixar Buzz Blasts.[12] In May 2003, DCP and Wells' Dairy launched a Disney-branded dairy line with a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products.[13] In May 2005, DCP licensed Krogers the Old Yeller name to sell dog food.[14]
The Japanese stores were sold to Oriental Land Company in 2002,[lat 3] while most North American stores were sold and licensed in November 2004 to The Children's Place.[lat 4] Disney licensed Motorola for cordless phones and two way handset radios in August 2002.[15]
For the first 3 quarters of 2004, Disney Consumer Products made $388 million in operating income placing the year ahead of 2000 and 2003. In May 2004, the Disney Cuties design (a more anime style) line was introduced with T-shirts. Mooney's major initiatives was to turn Disney into a lifestyle brand by relying on the Disney brand reputation instead of its characters to sell clothing and household goods with half the royalty percentage of the 10% for Disney characters. At Fred Segal in August, the retailer was test selling Snap watches, with swappable faces and wristbands, with Disney characters with hipper, urban designs. In Spring 2005, DCP planned to start sell pants and jean jackets under the Disney Denim brand with a cartoon whimsical elements.[nyt 3] On August 5, 2004, the Disney Dream Desk PC, designed by Frog Design and manufactured by Medion, began being sold at CompUSA and Disney online. DCP planned to release a camcorder and digital camera later in the year.[16]
Disney purchased the rights to The Muppets and the Bear in the Big Blue House franchises from The Jim Henson Company on February 17, 2004.[nyt 6] The two brands were placed under control of the Muppets Holding Company, LLC, then as a unit of Disney Consumer Products.[17]
In 2005, DCP has begun working with various Indian retail outlets to establish Disney Corners within the outlets to sell licensed merchandise.[18] Also that year, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While DCP eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male centric franchise to counterbalance the female centric Fairies by 2005.[20]
In 2006, the Muppets Holding Company was transferred from the Disney Consumer Products unit to The Walt Disney Studios with studio executives passing on oversight, the unit was placed in the special events group.[nyt 6][17] With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] DCP in May concluded a consumer products master licensing agreement for Indochina, including Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, with East Media Holdings Inc.'s EMHI Licensing Inc.[22] On September 26, the Disney Jeans brand was launched in India under license to Indus Clothing, who planned to open 30 Disney Jean stores by the end of 2007.[23] In October, DCP India franchised to Ravi Jaipuria Corporation the rights for five years to set up 150 Disney Artist brand stores and wholesale under the Disney Artist brand Disney character branded greeting cards, stationary, arts, crafts and party product in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives.[24]
In January 2007 two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies and Disney Dragonkind.[25][26]
In 2008, Disney purchased back its Disney Stores from The Children's Place.[lat 2] On June 5, 2008, Disney Interactive Studios is transferred out of DCP to the Disney Interactive Media Group.[27][28]
John Lasseter of Pixar became a creative advisor to DCP in 2009 after already assisting on Cars products. Lasseter pushed for an end to "label slapping", which is using a popular move to sell unrelated generic toys.[lat 5] The Disney Princesses franchise has generated more than $4 billion in retail sales worldwide.[lat 2] In post-Christmas 2009, Disney Pook-A-Looz, a plush line of Disney caricatures, was launched with its first set at Toy'R'Us with Disney Stores receiving them in mid-March 2010 with the Cheshire Cat selling well.[29] The Muppets were considered the best sellers of the second set of Pook-A-Looz over the expected “Nightmare Before Christmas” characters.[30]
In 2009, Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4.24 billion.[31] Josh Silverman, a senior executive at Marvel, was appointed Executive Vice President of Global Licensing for Disney Consumer Products and helped facilitate the Disney-Marvel integration.[32] In 2011, Disney fired Marvel Studios' marketing department[33] taking over marketing of their films beginning with the 2012 film The Avengers.[34]
The Cars sequel was approved for a 2011 debut despite the original being panned by the critics and one of the lowest grossing Pixar film as its licensed products have done well.[lat 6] Mooney stepped down as DCP chair in September 2011.[lat 2] With Robert Chapek being appointed president of DCP, DCP expanded its responsibility to include all retailing, distribution and licensing for Marvel, Pixar, video discs and video games.[lat 7]
Swampy the Alligator from Where's My Water? was the first Disney Interactive Media Group original character to get the merchandising treatment by 2012.[35] In 2012, Disney was the world’s largest licensor and number 1 in the entertainment category according to International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association for another year with an 80% market share and $39.5 billion.[36]
In March 2013, Disney sent a letter to its suppliers to have them by April 2014 pull any Disney branded products out of the five "highest-risk countries": Bangladesh, Ecuador, Venezuela, Belarus and Pakistan, based on a World Bank-governed metric report. This was announced in May after a Bangladeshi factory building collapsed. Haiti and Cambodia, which are also low-ranking countries, were allowable per Disney's new policy so long as the factories worked with the Better Work health and safety program run by the International Labour Organization and the International Finance Corporation. Bangladesh factories were liable to get work if they also partnered with the Better Work program. Disney also stated that less than 1% of its products were sourced from Bangladesh and even less from the other four countries.[37]
DCP began representing Lucasfilm brands in June 2013.[38] With the addition of Star Wars, Disney has six of the top 10 franchises: Disney Princess (1st), Star Wars (2nd), Winnie the Pooh (3rd), Cars (4th), Mickey & Friends (6th), and Toy Story (8th), with two more in the top twenty; Disney Fairies (11th) and Spider-Man (16th).[36] In October, DCP announced an arrangement with Wet Seal for an ABC Family character inspired Crush by ABC Family apparel and accessories line to reach the shelves in 2014.[39]
In April 2014, DCP was the subject of online criticism from numerous parents (through the Disney Store's Facebook page and other forums) for severely underestimating consumer demand for merchandise related to Disney Animation's 2013 blockbuster hit, Frozen.[40][41] DCP saw its profit increase by 22% for the 2014 year.[nyt 7]
On February 23, 2015, Robert Chapek was named chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts effective that day.[nyt 7] Leslie Ferraro, formerly executive vice president of global marketing, sales and travel operations of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, was named president of DCP.[lat 8]
DCPIMedia history[edit]
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media was formed in 000000002015-06-01-0000June 2015 as merger of Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive. The presidents of DCP and DIM were appointed co-chairs of the division while retaining the presidency of their subsidiary while Disney Publishing Worldwide would report to them as co-chairs. The units were brought together due to increase use of technology on the part of DCP with the announced Playmation toy system and digital publishing by DPW.[42]
In 2014, The Muppets Studio was transferred then when the new division was formed ended up as a part of the newly formed DCPI Labs unit.[43][44] On January 11, 2016, Maker Studios was placed under the control of Disney Interactive concurrent with the appointment of Courtney Holt as Maker head with the title of executive vice president.[45]
Ferraro left Disney eight months later in February 2016 with James Pitaro becoming sole chairman.[3] Disney Co/Op team was formed in 2015 to work with licensees and other partners for branded content like Disney Boxed (the reverse concept of Unboxing) with Hasbro about creating a toy.[46]
Content & Media department was formed under executive vice president Andrew Sugerman in early 2016 from Disney Publishing Worldwide, Disney LOL, Oh My Disney and other units. Maker Studio was transferred into DCPI Content and Media in December 2016. While former Maker head moved to Disney corporate strategy unit as executive vice president of media and strategy.[47] Disney Digital Network was formed by the May 2, 2017 Disney's Digital Content NewFronts with Maker, the former Disney Online websites, StarWars.com and other digital first content units.[48]
DCPI moved to address for all franchises three issues, expanding the audience, category expansion & product development and direct-to-consumer.[49] With Marvel and Star Wars, DCPI planned to push into the female audience. With Star Wars, DCPI partnered with Lucasfilm Animation for Star Wars Forces of Destiny which features female characters, premieres on DCPI's Disney YouTube channel and supported by apparel, books and toys including a new product type, "adventure figures".[49][50] DCPI has worked on aging up Minnie Mouse by working with several designers for product appealing to adults and young adults for primary the fashion field. With Ashley Eckstein's Her Universe, Disney Consumer had already work with on expanding Star Wars and Marvel products to girls and women. Now Her Universe is working on a Disney co-branded "athleisure" line for both sexes and Disney Princess.[49]
Franchises[edit]


Franchises launched[21]


Disney Princess (2000)


Disney Fairies (2006)


Franchises considered (2006)[21]


Disney Bunnies


Disney Dwarves


Disney Horses


Disney Mermaids


Disney Trains


Andrew P. Mooney of Disney Consumer Products (DCP) created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5] In 2005, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While Consumer Products eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male-centric franchise to counterbalance the female-centric Fairies by 2005.[20] The Muppet franchise held by DCP, in Muppet Holding Company, after being purchased in 2004 and transferred out in 2006 to Disney Studios.[nyt 6][17]
With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Disney Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises (see table at right) with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] In January 2007, two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies with three books and Disney Dragonkind with a set of statues.[25][26]
Complications relating to the production of Tinker Bell, the debut film of the Disney Fairies franchise lead to discussion over the focus of DisneyToon Studios. Pixar leadership exerted control and affected Franchise projects at the production company. Tinker Bell's animation was scrapped and was restarted while two possible franchise projects were cancelled, "Disney's Dwarfs" and the "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales" line after the first DVD release.[51][52]
The June 2013 release of the Disney Princess Palace Pets app from Disney Publishing lead DCP to turn Palace Pets into a Disney Princess franchise extension with the release of The Palace Pets toy line in August from licensee, Blip Toys. The line was also listed by TimetoPlayMag.com for its Most Wanted List Holiday 2013.[53]




Disney Bunnies[edit]


Disney Bunnies


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Print publications


Book(s)


"I Love You, My Bunnies"
"Thumper Counts to Ten"
"Goodnight, Thumper!"[25]




Miscellaneous


spun off from
Bambi and Bambi II


Disney Bunnies is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on Thumper from the 1942 film Bambi and its 2006 followup Bambi II.[21][26] Selected as DCP's third franchise to be launched,[21] Disney Bunnies was launched on January 15, 2007 with three books.[25]


Disney Dragonkind[edit]


Disney Dragonkind


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Miscellaneous


Toys
statues


spun off from
Disney Movies


Disney Dragonkind is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on dragons appearing in Disney animated movies.[25][26] It was launched in January 2007 with a statue of Maleficent (from Sleeping Beauty) in dragon form. Gentle Giant Studios sculpted the three first statues with the last two being: Mushu from Mulan and Elliot from Pete's Dragon.[25]




DCPI structure[edit]

Disney Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store Worldwide, Inc.
Disney Shopping, Inc., online and other direct marketing channels


Games and Interactive Experiences

DCPI Labs team[42]

The Muppets Studio (formerly Muppets Holding Company LLC)[54]




DCPI Publishing and Digital Media

Disney Digital Networks[48]

Maker Studios[48]

Polaris, gaming channel[48]


Advanced Media
Disney Social
Disney Co/Op, custom content[46] and all platform ad sales
disney.com
Disney Style[48]
Oh My Disney[46]
Disney LOL[46]
babble.com[46]
Disney Family (Family.com)[48]
Go.com: formerly GO Network
StarWars.com and Star Wars app[48]


Disney Publishing Worldwide




Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Shopping, Inc., formerly Disney Direct Marketing (Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc.; DDM), is the direct sales subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products, a segment subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company.[55]
DS history[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing[edit]


Fiscal
Year
sales
(million)[56]


1994
$65


1998
estimated $200


The Walt Disney Company purchased the Childcraft Education Corporation for $52 million from Grolier Inc. to expand its mail-order business and that the children's furniture and equipment area fit with the Disney characters' target market. Childcraft's mailing list would boost Walt Disney Family Gift Catalog's mailing list from 2.8 million to 8 million.[57]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. was incorporated on May 1, 1990.[58] In 1996, Disney Stores had started leasing land in the Southpoint Distribution Park in Memphis. In 1997, Disney Direct Marketing started operating out of a building built there by Clayco.[59]
Prior to December 1996, Disney Direct Marketing had sold the Playclothes catalog as they did not support the Disney brand. At that time, DDM had a in-house Kansas City telemarketing center and a warehouse in Memphis. In December 1996, DDM's HQ was moved from New York City to the main Disney campus in Burbank, California. Due to the relocation, the unit needed to restaff. Donna Bhatia was hired then as Disney Direct Marketing as vice president of marketing and new business development and was involved in the restaffing adding another 4 hours to her work day. The company added its first services then with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56]
The company added its first services in December 1996 with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56] In May 1997, Disney Direct Marketing was sued over the service for copyright and trademark infringement of Vermont Teddy Bear Company's trademark mail-order "Bear-Gram" ideas and logo.[60] By October 1997, the case was settled out of court with an agreement that includes changes to reduce confusion.[61]
Also in May 1997, Disney sold its Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co. for $14.6 million.[60] Disney sold Childcraft as the catalog did not support the Disney brands.[56]
Bhatia got the Disney Catalog distributed by the Disney Stores, which had not happen much before, which generated sales of $13 million at lower mailing costs. She then found that Disney had multiple (60) customer databases of which only five were used for catalog mailings. Combined the 60 databases had 20 million records that after removing duplicated records consisted of 10 million households. With the unified database, Disney started adding additional catalogs started in spring 1997 with The Walt Disney Gallery Catalog plus two more by June 1998. With the increased sales, a new warehouse was being build in South Carolina.[56]
With Disney's purchase of the remainder of Infoseek in July 1999, the Go Network, Infoseek, the Disney Catalog, Disney Online (Disney.com and DisneyStore.com), ABC News Internet Ventures and ESPN Internet Ventures and Buena Vista Internet Group are merged into the Go.com company.[62]
Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. had changed its name to Disney Shopping, Inc. as it operated online with the disneyshopping.com domain. By January 31, 2006, Disney Shopping's Kansas call center was closed with some of the 250 employees would transferring to a Utah call center and few would remain until May 2006.[55] On May 19, 2009, disneyshopping.com was redesigned and relaunched at a new domain, disneystore.com, with the additional of Disney Parks and Resorts products.[63]
Catalogs[edit]

Disney Catalog[56]
Walt Disney Gallery (Spring 1997-) a twice a year collectibles catalog, which has also been sent to Lenox Mint, Danbury Mint and Franklin Mint catalog lists. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 2.5 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Disney Kids (by July 1998-) send to parents twice a year in August focusing on back-to-school and in September focusing on Halloween costumes. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 1.3 million copies per year and generating $3 million in annual sales.[56]
disneystore.com, formerly disneyshopping.com[63]
Pooh’s Corner (1997-) for the fans of the bear character. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 4 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Playclothes (sold by 12/1996)[56]
Childcraft (April 1988[57]-May 1997) educational products[60]

Services[edit]
1-800 gift service

Pooh Gram (December 1996- ) a parent can order a appropriately occasion dressed Pooh bear sent with a personal message. This service takes in $10 million in revenue per year.[56]
Mickey Gram - pending as of June 1998[56]

Club

Winnie the Pooh Flag - sends holiday flags on a regular basis, which did $10 million a year in revenue in 1997.[56]

References[edit]


^ a b https://businesssearch.sos.ca.gov/CBS/SearchResults?SearchType=CORP&SearchCriteria=Disney+Consumer&SearchSubType=Keyword
^ a b c d e "Company Overview of Disney Consumer Products, Inc.". investing. BusinessWeek.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ a b Jarvey, Natalie (February 22, 2016). "Disney's Consumer Products and Interactive Division Loses Leslie Ferraro, Promotes James Pitaro". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved February 23, 2016. 
^ Ehrbar, Greg (2006). Mouse Tracks: The Story of Walt Disney Records (First ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. p. 8. ISBN 1617034339. Retrieved March 11, 2015. 
^ Aberdeen, J. A. (2000). "Disneyland". Hollywood Renegades. Cobblestone Entertainment. ISBN 1-890110-24-8. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b c Hirsch, Jerry (December 31, 1998). "Winnie the Pooh Gains Momentum across Disney Product Lines". The Orange County Register. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Leonard, Devin; Burke, Doris (January 20, 2003). "The Curse of Pooh". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved July 11, 2016. 
^ "DISNEY CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. Entity Number: C1389445". Business Search. State of California. Retrieved 28 November 2012. 
^ Vaughan, Vicki (March 28, 1992). "Disney Restaurants To Close After Lackluster Performance". Orlando Sentinel. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ Newman, Melinda; Flippo, Chet (December 4, 1999). "Disney's Bet on Buena Vista is Paying Off: Other Divisions Revamped". Billboard. 111 (49): 3, 139. Retrieved March 10, 2015. 
^ a b c Grover, Ronald (September 6, 2011). "Disney Consumer Products Chairman Mooney Resigns to Seek Leadership Role". bloomberg.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Toops, Diane (February 1, 2002). "Kellogg brings magic to breakfast". Food Processing. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney Consumer Products, along with Wells' Dairy, Inc., launched a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products". The Food Institute Report. May 26, 2003. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Kroger and Disney bring Old Yeller back after 48 years". Private Label Buyer. May 1, 2005. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Motorola reaches for kids with Disney". TWICE. August 5, 2002. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney to start selling personalcomputers for kids". St. Augustine Record. The Associated Press. August 7, 2004. Retrieved March 28, 2015. 
^ a b c Masters, Kim (October 20, 2011). "Kermit as Mogul, Farting Fozzie Bear: How Disney's Muppets Movie Has Purists Rattled". The Hollywood Reporter. pp. 3 of 4. Retrieved August 20, 2013. 
^ Bhattacharjee, Manisha (April 25, 2005). "Disney's Eisner, Iger in India; to meet PM & President". Indiantelevision.com. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b Petrecca, Laura (2005-08-26). "Disney hopes fairies will fly into girls' hearts". Usatoday.Com. Retrieved 2017-01-04. 
^ a b Armstrong, Josh (August 14, 2013). "Mike Disa and The Seven Dwarfs: How the Snow White prequel became a Dopey movie". Animated Views.com. Animated Views. Retrieved June 12, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (May 29, 2006). ""Disney Fairies" franchise gets ready to take flight". Jim Hill Media.com. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Disney's BVITV-AP brings 'Toon Disney' block to Vietnam". Indiantelevision.com. February 1, 2007. Retrieved March 10, 2014. 
^ "Disney Jeans launched, plans 30 stores". Business Standard. September 26, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ "Disney to set up 150 stores in India". The Times of India. TNN. October 12, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (Aug 9, 2006). ""Disney Dragonkind" roars into stores & "Disney Bunnies" hops onto bookstore shelves in early 2007". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ a b c d Josh (August 11, 2006). "Bunnies and dragons unite for Disney Consumer Products". Animated Views. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Sliwinski, Alexander (June 5, 2008). "Disney's games and internet divisions merging". Joystiq.com. AOL, Inc. Retrieved February 27, 2015. 
^ "Boyd promoted at Disney Consumer Products unit". Daily News Record. July 30, 1997. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 6, 2010). "Pook-A-Looz give classic Disney characters a quirky new look". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 29, 2010). "With new merch & a new movie in the pipeline, there's no stopping the Muppets now". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Donley, Michelle (December 31, 2009). "Marvel Shareholders OK Disney Acquisition". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Josh Silverman". Disney Consumer Products. June 11, 2015. 
^ Finke, Nikki (August 23, 2011). "Disney Fires Marvel's Marketing Department". Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (April 19, 2012). "Disney Bets on 'The Avengers' After 'John Carter'". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Kohler, Chris (October 16, 2012). "How Videogames Are Changing Disney". Wired.com. Retrieved October 17, 2012. 
^ a b Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "With Star Wars and Princesses, Disney Now Has Six of the Top 10 Licensed Franchises". Variety. Retrieved December 2, 2013. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (May 2, 2013). "Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories". CNN Money. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "‘Star Wars,’ Marvel to Boost Disney’s Already Dominant Licensing Biz". Variety. 
^ "Disney, ABC Plan New Millennial Brand". License Mag. October 18, 2013. Retrieved May 23, 2014. 
^ Schuster, Dana (14 April 2014). "‘Frozen’ merch is making parents do crazy things". New York Post. Retrieved 16 April 2014. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (9 April 2014). "Disney’s ‘Frozen’ Dress Sets Off $1,600 Frenzy by Parents". Bloomberg. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ a b Rainey, James (June 29, 2015). "Disney Merges Its Consumer Products and Interactive Divisions". Variety. Retrieved July 5, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (September 17, 2015). "Meep Meep TV". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin". disneyconsumerproducts.com. Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Lieberman, David (December 15, 2015). "Disney Taps Courtney Holt To Replace Ynon Kreiz As Head Of Maker Studios". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Main, Sami (November 21, 2016). "How Disney Maintains a Strong Relationship With Its Millennial Audience". AdWeek. Retrieved January 4, 2017. 
^ Wallenstein, Andrew (December 20, 2016). "Disney Shifts Oversight of Maker Studios (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Spangler, Todd (2 May 2017). "Disney Sets More Family-Friendly Path for Maker Studios". Variety. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ a b c Lisanti, Tony (May 1, 2017). "Disney's Vision for the Future". License! Global. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ "Everything you need to know about new 'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' series". ABC News. April 13, 2017. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ Baisley, Sarah (June 21, 2007). "DisneyToon Studios Prexy Morrill Steps Down". Animation World Network. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (June 20, 2007). "Say "So Long !" to direct-to-video sequels : DisneyToon Studios tunes out Sharon Morrill". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Disney Consumer Products Public Relations (September 26, 2013). "Disney Debuts New Franchise Extension with Launch of Disney Princess Palace Pets App and Toy Line". Marketwatch.com. Business Wire. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin" (PDF). Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved 2015-09-16. 
^ a b "Disney plots out the ending for unit's KC call center". L.A. Biz. American City Business Journals. November 14, 2005. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m "Disney Direct Marketing". Chief Marketer. Access Intelligence, LLC. June 1, 1998. Retrieved February 9, 2017. 
^ a b "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Division of Corporations - Filing". Business Entity Detail. Delaware State Department Division of Corporations. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ Greenlaw, Wendy (August 7, 2015). "Disney Store's Memphis Distribution Center Sells for $27.5 Million". Memphis Daily News (VOL. 130 NO. 153). The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. May 28, 1997. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Vermont Teddy Bear settles dispute with Disney". Catalog Age (Vol. 14 Issue 11). October 1997. p. 7. Retrieved February 10, 2017 – via EBSCOhost Connection. 
^ "Disney absorbs Infoseek". Money. CNNfn. July 12, 1999. Retrieved December 7, 2012. 
^ a b Todé, Chantal (May 19, 2009). "Disney launches new e-commerce site". DMN. Haymarket Media, Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 







Polsson, Ken. "Chronology of the Walt Disney Company". KPolsson.com.  Missing or empty |url= (help)


^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*The Disney Touch, by Ron Grover, 1991.
*The Musical World of Walt Disney, by David Tietyen, 1990. Page 19.
Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
*Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 67.
^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 31.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page. 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 68.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 81.
^ "1932". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 107.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 108.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 70.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 197.
^ "1933". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's World of Fantasy, by Adrian Bailey, 1987.
*Microsoft Cinemania '95, 1994.
*Of Mice and Magic, by Leonard Maltin, 1980.
*Walt Disney - Hollywood's Dark Prince, by Marc Eliot, 1993. Page 76.
*Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 139.
*The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
*The Hollywood Studios, by Roy Pickard, 1978. Page 240.
*Walt Disney - When Dreams Come True, by JoAnn DiFranco, 1985. Page 29.
*Encyclopedia of Walt Disney's Animated Characters, by John Grant, 1987. Page 55.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 109.
*Disney A to Z - The Updated Official Encyclopedia, by Dave Smith, 1998. Page 553.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 185.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disney Magazine, Spring 2001. Page 80.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 127.
Walt Disney's Railroad Story, by Michael Broggie, 1997. Page 41.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 116.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Source: Disney Magazine, Summer 1997. Page 46.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 273.
^ "1938". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. page 186.
^ "1948". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 250.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 153.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
*Asiaweek, November 12, 1999, Volume 25, Number 45. Page 48.
* Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 473.
^ "1979". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 89.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source:
* Prince of the Magic Kingdom, by Joe Flower, 1991.
*Work in Progress, by Michael Eisner, 1998. Page 243.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, October 13, 1987. Page D26.
^ "July to December 1991". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, November 12, 1991. Page D4.




New York Times (The New York Times Company).


^ "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ Stevenson, Richard W. (May 4, 1990). "Disney Stores: Magic in Retail?". The New York Times. pp. D1,D18. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ a b c d Holson, Laura M. (August 30, 2004). "A Nike Veteran Adds Some Swoosh to Disney's Tired Mouse". The New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 
^ "Volume 146, Number 50736.". March 19, 1997. p. D6. 
^ a b Orenstein, Peggy (December 24, 2006). "What’s Wrong With Cinderella?". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 April 2013. 
^ a b c Barnes, Brooks (September 18, 2008). "Fuzzy Renaissance". The New York Times. Retrieved December 29, 2012. 
^ a b Barnes, Brooks (February 23, 2015). "Disney Names Robert Chapek Chairman for Theme Parks". New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 


Los Angeles Times. (Tribune Publishing).


^ "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. AP. May 28, 1997. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ a b c d Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 6, 2011). "Head of Disney Consumer Products group steps down". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ "Disney to Sell Its Retail Stores in Japan". Los Angeles Times. Bloomberg News. September 11, 2001. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ "Disney buys back store chain from Children's Place". Los Angeles Times. Reuters. May 2, 2008. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 14, 2009). "Disney toys get Pixar animation guru's touch". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C.; Rebecca Keegan (June 21, 2011). "Merchandise sales drive Pixar's 'Cars' franchise". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 10, 2011). "Disney names Robert Chapek head of consumer products group". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 20 December 2012. 
^ Miller, Daniel (May 7, 2015). "Leslie Ferraro named president of Disney Consumer Products". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 





External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media







Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store








Publishing and Digital Media




Disney Publishing Worldwide



Disney English
Disney Press
Disney Hyperion
Marvel Press (joint w/Marvel)





Disney Digital Network



Maker Studios
Babble.com
Disney.com
Go.com








Games and Interactive Experiences



DCPI Labs

The Muppets Studio


Disney Interactive Studios
Disney Mobile
Playdom





Franchises



Disney Channels Worldwide

Disney Junior
Darkwing Duck
DuckTales
Elena of Avalor
Gravity Falls
Kim Possible
Phineas and Ferb
Star vs. the Forces of Evil


Disney Fairies
Disney Princess
Disney Tsum Tsum
Disney Villains
Disney Interactive

Club Penguin
Disney Infinity
Kingdom Hearts
Where's My Water?


Frozen
The Kingdom Keepers
Marvel
Lucasfilm

Indiana Jones
Star Wars


Mickey & Friends
The Muppets
Pirates of the Caribbean
Pixar

Cars
Finding Nemo
The Incredibles
Monsters Inc.
Toy Story


Tron
Winnie the Pooh





Other



D23
Disney Vault






The Walt Disney Company










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Disney_Consumer_Products_and_Interactive_Media&oldid=790044696"					
Categories: Disney Consumer ProductsDisney franchisesThe Walt Disney Company subsidiariesDisney InteractiveDisney video gamesInternet companies of the United StatesSoftware companies of the United StatesVideo game companies of the United StatesEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaSoftware companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game publishersCompanies based in Burbank, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 2015Software companies established in 2015Video game companies established in 2015Hidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URL 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisPortuguêsTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 07:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media - Wikipedia






















 






Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Inc.





Type

Subsidiary[1]


Industry
Merchandising


Predecessor
Disney Consumer Products
Disney Interactive


Founded
000000002015-03-25-0000March 25, 2015[1]


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

James Pitaro
(chairman)[3]


Products
Books



Production output




Digital content
Video games





Services
Licensing


Parent
The Walt Disney Company


Divisions



Disney Licensing
Disney Retail
DCPI Games & Apps
DCPI Publishing and Digital Media





Subsidiaries



Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Store
The Muppets Studio
Maker Studios





Website
dcpi.disney.com


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI), is a segment and subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company that engages in merchandising of the Disney brand and Disney properties through licensing, retail, video games, digital applications and content divisions. The company was formed as a result of the merger between Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive.



Contents


1 Background
2 History

2.1 Disney Consumer Products

2.1.1 Franchise focus




3 DCPIMedia history
4 Franchises

4.1 Disney Bunnies
4.2 Disney Dragonkind


5 DCPI structure
6 Disney Shopping

6.1 DS history

6.1.1 Disney Direct Marketing
6.1.2 Disney Shopping


6.2 Catalogs
6.3 Services


7 References
8 External links



Background[edit]
DCPI's origins trace back to 1929, when Walt Disney licensed the image of Mickey Mouse for use on a children's writing tablet.[ChWDC 1] On December 16 of that year, Walt Disney Productions formed the Walt Disney Enterprises (WDE) division to handle merchandising.[ChWDC 2]
The Mickey Mouse doll production by Charlotte Clark started shortly after in January 1930.[ChWDC 3] The WDE division also hired George Borgfeldt & Company of New York as a licensing agent to make Mickey and Minnie Mouse toys.[ChWDC 4] Borgfeldt & Company in turn set to work developing other products, granting the first license to Walkburger, Tanner and Company of St. Gall, Switzerland, for Mickey and Minnie Mouse handkerchiefs.[ChWDC 5] That summer of 1930 Disney expanded WDE to England, granting a general license to William Banks Levy for Mickey and Minnie Mouse character merchandise.[ChWDC 6]
In 1932 Disney closed a merchandising contract with Herman "Kay" Kamen for sole representation.[ChWDC 7] Early on WDE began to show results. The company's merchandising made the Silly Symphony film Three Little Pigs (1933) the company's first profit-making animated film.[ChWDC 8]
In 1934, Disney licensing expanded to hand-crank toy projectors,[ChWDC 9] diamond-studded Mickey Mouse pins, Mickey Mouse toffee in England[ChWDC 10] and a Lionel wind-up train toy,[ChWDC 11] while a patent is received for Ingersoll-Waterbury Clock Company's Mickey Mouse watch.[ChWDC 12]
Yet more companies licensed the Mickey Mouse image. General Foods did so for one year and made $1.5 million on the Post Toasties cereal box. Mickey was the first licensed character on such a product.[ChWDC 13] Clashes with other companies weren't unavoidable, though. Disney filed suit on July 31 against the United Biscuit Company of America, Sawyer Biscuit Company, and the Chicago Carton Company for unauthorized use of Disney characters for animal crackers which lasted for four months and ended in Disney's favor.[ChWDC 14]
Disney signed on July 19, 1938 with Courvoisier Galleries, making Courvoisier Disney's original art marketing representative. In December, Walt Disney Enterprises was renamed Walt Disney Productions.[ChWDC 15]
In October 1948, Disney and Kay Kamen extend the merchandising contract, but only for the Americas.[ChWDC 16] In 1949, the Character Merchandising Division is formed with in Disney.[ChWDC 17] Also that year on October 28, Kay Kamen, Disney's licensing representative, died in an Air France plane crash over the Azores.[ChWDC 18]
With Roy Disney's split off the merchandising division from Disney Production, Jimmy Johnson became head of the merchandising division's publication department in 1950 and took on managing business affairs for the Walt Disney Music Company.[4]
Disney had a food division with product from bread to soft drinks, which was mostly discontinued due to its contract with ABC to produce TV shows and the need to not be in competition with potential advertisers.[5]
After Disney purchased the rights for Winnie the Pooh to make a 1966 animated short film, the company conceded to a broad licensing agreement with Sears, Roebuck & Co..[6] Stephen Slesinger Inc.'s Pati Slesinger found merchandise that Disney did not pay royalties on. The Slesinger then attempt to get the A.A. Milne Trust to abrogate its contract. In 1983, Disney paid Stephen Slesinger Inc. and the Milne estate to end the royalty issue and agreed to a new contract that lower Slesinger Inc.'s royalty percentage.[7]
In 1979, the Intergovernmental Philatelic Corporation of New York was licensed by Walt Disney Productions to make Disney character stamps for several countries.[ChWDC 19]
History[edit]
Disney Consumer Products[edit]

Disney Consumer Products





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Merchandising


Fate
split up


Predecessor
Character Merchandising Division


Founded
1929[2]


Defunct
2017


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Textiles, apparel and luxury goods[2]


Services
Licensing


Parent
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media
(The Walt Disney Company)


Divisions
Licensing[2]


Subsidiaries
Disney Store


Website
disneyconsumerproducts.com


Disney Consumer Products was incorporated with the State of California in 1986.[8]
The first Disney Store opened in Glendale, California on March 28, 1987.[ChWDC 20] On October 12, Disney agreed to a licensing contract with Mattel for a Disney Character infant and preschool toy line.[ChWDC 21] DCP purchased Childcraft Education Corp., maker of children's furniture and equipment, retail stores and catalog sales, from Grolier Inc. in April 1988.[nyt 1]
In April 1990, the 50th store was opened in Montclair, California along with the first Mickey's Kitchen fast food restaurant.[nyt 2] On November 11, 1991, Mattel and Disney extended the 1987 agreement, adding Pinocchio, Bambi, Dumbo, It's a Small World, and the Autopia to the toy line.[ChWDC 22] In March 1992, Disney Stores closed the two Mickey's Kitchen as the restaurants were only breaking even while well received by the customers as the company wanted to focus on overseas expansions.[9]
In 1994, DCP ended an exclusive licensing agreement with Sears for Winnie the Pooh. Three distinct product lines were created for Pooh: Disney Pooh, based on the Disney red-shirted tan bear cartoon version; 100 Acre Collection, a more upscale line for department stores and the Classic Pooh line based on the original A.A. Milne books' Ernest H. Shephard illustrations.[6]
DCP licensing peak in 1997 with 749 Disney Stores worldwide, operating income of $893 million and 4,200 licensees for mostly Winnie the Pooh and Mickey Mouse product plus some top animated movies.[nyt 3] Disney's and McDonald's ten-year cross-promotional agreement began on January 1, 1997.[nyt 4] In May 1997, the Vermont Teddy Bear Co. filed a copyright infringement suit against Disney over "Pooh-Grams" being similar to its mail-order "Bear-Gram" trademark and logo. Also, Disney Enterprises, Inc. sold DCP operating subsidiary Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co.[lat 1]
In March 1998, Walt Disney Records and Walt Disney Music Publishing were transferred out of DCP to Buena Vista Music Group in the Disney studio division.[10] By 1998, Pooh outsold Mickey Mouse $316 million to $114 million through November of that year in just-licensed-toy sales. By replacing Sears with 100 licensees including Mattel, Hallmark, Timex, Tupperware and Royal Daulton, DCP has since increased Pooh product lines from $390 million to $3.3 billion.[6]
Franchise focus[edit]




DCP office buildings in Glendale at Disney's Grand Central Creative Campus


With Mickey Mouse and other characters on products everywhere and a general retail decline in 2000, DCP had registered operating income of only $386 million.[nyt 3] In December 1999, Andrew P. Mooney became the head of DCP. He created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5][11] He also developed the Disney Couture fashion line, Walt Disney Signature furniture, a princess-inspired bridal gowns line, and lines based on the Pixar films, Toy Story and Cars.[lat 2] Mooney had DCP try an Always Fresh labeled women's nightshirts and T-shirts line which attempt to be more mature but failed. He also reduced the number of licensees in half, sold low sale stores and had staff actively pursuing licensing partners than waiting for proposals. For example, Mooney, worked to have Fred Segal, a high-end retailers, sell specialty products and opened a sales office near Wal-Mart's headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas. In 2001, Mooney lead a promotion of Mickey Mouse T-shirts by getting them into the hands of celebrities, which was a success. Also, Disney Publishing issued its first original comic book, W.I.T.C.H., which was successful enough to be adapted into an animated series.[nyt 3]
Consumer Products also begin expanding licensing in the food category in the 2000s. DCP agreed to a licensing agreement with Kellogg Company for a Kellogg's Disney cereal line launched in February 2002; Kellogg's Disney Mickey's Magix, Kellogg's Disney Hunny Bs, and Kellogg's Disney/Pixar Buzz Blasts.[12] In May 2003, DCP and Wells' Dairy launched a Disney-branded dairy line with a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products.[13] In May 2005, DCP licensed Krogers the Old Yeller name to sell dog food.[14]
The Japanese stores were sold to Oriental Land Company in 2002,[lat 3] while most North American stores were sold and licensed in November 2004 to The Children's Place.[lat 4] Disney licensed Motorola for cordless phones and two way handset radios in August 2002.[15]
For the first 3 quarters of 2004, Disney Consumer Products made $388 million in operating income placing the year ahead of 2000 and 2003. In May 2004, the Disney Cuties design (a more anime style) line was introduced with T-shirts. Mooney's major initiatives was to turn Disney into a lifestyle brand by relying on the Disney brand reputation instead of its characters to sell clothing and household goods with half the royalty percentage of the 10% for Disney characters. At Fred Segal in August, the retailer was test selling Snap watches, with swappable faces and wristbands, with Disney characters with hipper, urban designs. In Spring 2005, DCP planned to start sell pants and jean jackets under the Disney Denim brand with a cartoon whimsical elements.[nyt 3] On August 5, 2004, the Disney Dream Desk PC, designed by Frog Design and manufactured by Medion, began being sold at CompUSA and Disney online. DCP planned to release a camcorder and digital camera later in the year.[16]
Disney purchased the rights to The Muppets and the Bear in the Big Blue House franchises from The Jim Henson Company on February 17, 2004.[nyt 6] The two brands were placed under control of the Muppets Holding Company, LLC, then as a unit of Disney Consumer Products.[17]
In 2005, DCP has begun working with various Indian retail outlets to establish Disney Corners within the outlets to sell licensed merchandise.[18] Also that year, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While DCP eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male centric franchise to counterbalance the female centric Fairies by 2005.[20]
In 2006, the Muppets Holding Company was transferred from the Disney Consumer Products unit to The Walt Disney Studios with studio executives passing on oversight, the unit was placed in the special events group.[nyt 6][17] With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] DCP in May concluded a consumer products master licensing agreement for Indochina, including Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, with East Media Holdings Inc.'s EMHI Licensing Inc.[22] On September 26, the Disney Jeans brand was launched in India under license to Indus Clothing, who planned to open 30 Disney Jean stores by the end of 2007.[23] In October, DCP India franchised to Ravi Jaipuria Corporation the rights for five years to set up 150 Disney Artist brand stores and wholesale under the Disney Artist brand Disney character branded greeting cards, stationary, arts, crafts and party product in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives.[24]
In January 2007 two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies and Disney Dragonkind.[25][26]
In 2008, Disney purchased back its Disney Stores from The Children's Place.[lat 2] On June 5, 2008, Disney Interactive Studios is transferred out of DCP to the Disney Interactive Media Group.[27][28]
John Lasseter of Pixar became a creative advisor to DCP in 2009 after already assisting on Cars products. Lasseter pushed for an end to "label slapping", which is using a popular move to sell unrelated generic toys.[lat 5] The Disney Princesses franchise has generated more than $4 billion in retail sales worldwide.[lat 2] In post-Christmas 2009, Disney Pook-A-Looz, a plush line of Disney caricatures, was launched with its first set at Toy'R'Us with Disney Stores receiving them in mid-March 2010 with the Cheshire Cat selling well.[29] The Muppets were considered the best sellers of the second set of Pook-A-Looz over the expected “Nightmare Before Christmas” characters.[30]
In 2009, Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4.24 billion.[31] Josh Silverman, a senior executive at Marvel, was appointed Executive Vice President of Global Licensing for Disney Consumer Products and helped facilitate the Disney-Marvel integration.[32] In 2011, Disney fired Marvel Studios' marketing department[33] taking over marketing of their films beginning with the 2012 film The Avengers.[34]
The Cars sequel was approved for a 2011 debut despite the original being panned by the critics and one of the lowest grossing Pixar film as its licensed products have done well.[lat 6] Mooney stepped down as DCP chair in September 2011.[lat 2] With Robert Chapek being appointed president of DCP, DCP expanded its responsibility to include all retailing, distribution and licensing for Marvel, Pixar, video discs and video games.[lat 7]
Swampy the Alligator from Where's My Water? was the first Disney Interactive Media Group original character to get the merchandising treatment by 2012.[35] In 2012, Disney was the world’s largest licensor and number 1 in the entertainment category according to International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association for another year with an 80% market share and $39.5 billion.[36]
In March 2013, Disney sent a letter to its suppliers to have them by April 2014 pull any Disney branded products out of the five "highest-risk countries": Bangladesh, Ecuador, Venezuela, Belarus and Pakistan, based on a World Bank-governed metric report. This was announced in May after a Bangladeshi factory building collapsed. Haiti and Cambodia, which are also low-ranking countries, were allowable per Disney's new policy so long as the factories worked with the Better Work health and safety program run by the International Labour Organization and the International Finance Corporation. Bangladesh factories were liable to get work if they also partnered with the Better Work program. Disney also stated that less than 1% of its products were sourced from Bangladesh and even less from the other four countries.[37]
DCP began representing Lucasfilm brands in June 2013.[38] With the addition of Star Wars, Disney has six of the top 10 franchises: Disney Princess (1st), Star Wars (2nd), Winnie the Pooh (3rd), Cars (4th), Mickey & Friends (6th), and Toy Story (8th), with two more in the top twenty; Disney Fairies (11th) and Spider-Man (16th).[36] In October, DCP announced an arrangement with Wet Seal for an ABC Family character inspired Crush by ABC Family apparel and accessories line to reach the shelves in 2014.[39]
In April 2014, DCP was the subject of online criticism from numerous parents (through the Disney Store's Facebook page and other forums) for severely underestimating consumer demand for merchandise related to Disney Animation's 2013 blockbuster hit, Frozen.[40][41] DCP saw its profit increase by 22% for the 2014 year.[nyt 7]
On February 23, 2015, Robert Chapek was named chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts effective that day.[nyt 7] Leslie Ferraro, formerly executive vice president of global marketing, sales and travel operations of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, was named president of DCP.[lat 8]
DCPIMedia history[edit]
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media was formed in 000000002015-06-01-0000June 2015 as merger of Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive. The presidents of DCP and DIM were appointed co-chairs of the division while retaining the presidency of their subsidiary while Disney Publishing Worldwide would report to them as co-chairs. The units were brought together due to increase use of technology on the part of DCP with the announced Playmation toy system and digital publishing by DPW.[42]
In 2014, The Muppets Studio was transferred then when the new division was formed ended up as a part of the newly formed DCPI Labs unit.[43][44] On January 11, 2016, Maker Studios was placed under the control of Disney Interactive concurrent with the appointment of Courtney Holt as Maker head with the title of executive vice president.[45]
Ferraro left Disney eight months later in February 2016 with James Pitaro becoming sole chairman.[3] Disney Co/Op team was formed in 2015 to work with licensees and other partners for branded content like Disney Boxed (the reverse concept of Unboxing) with Hasbro about creating a toy.[46]
Content & Media department was formed under executive vice president Andrew Sugerman in early 2016 from Disney Publishing Worldwide, Disney LOL, Oh My Disney and other units. Maker Studio was transferred into DCPI Content and Media in December 2016. While former Maker head moved to Disney corporate strategy unit as executive vice president of media and strategy.[47] Disney Digital Network was formed by the May 2, 2017 Disney's Digital Content NewFronts with Maker, the former Disney Online websites, StarWars.com and other digital first content units.[48]
DCPI moved to address for all franchises three issues, expanding the audience, category expansion & product development and direct-to-consumer.[49] With Marvel and Star Wars, DCPI planned to push into the female audience. With Star Wars, DCPI partnered with Lucasfilm Animation for Star Wars Forces of Destiny which features female characters, premieres on DCPI's Disney YouTube channel and supported by apparel, books and toys including a new product type, "adventure figures".[49][50] DCPI has worked on aging up Minnie Mouse by working with several designers for product appealing to adults and young adults for primary the fashion field. With Ashley Eckstein's Her Universe, Disney Consumer had already work with on expanding Star Wars and Marvel products to girls and women. Now Her Universe is working on a Disney co-branded "athleisure" line for both sexes and Disney Princess.[49]
Franchises[edit]


Franchises launched[21]


Disney Princess (2000)


Disney Fairies (2006)


Franchises considered (2006)[21]


Disney Bunnies


Disney Dwarves


Disney Horses


Disney Mermaids


Disney Trains


Andrew P. Mooney of Disney Consumer Products (DCP) created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5] In 2005, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While Consumer Products eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male-centric franchise to counterbalance the female-centric Fairies by 2005.[20] The Muppet franchise held by DCP, in Muppet Holding Company, after being purchased in 2004 and transferred out in 2006 to Disney Studios.[nyt 6][17]
With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Disney Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises (see table at right) with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] In January 2007, two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies with three books and Disney Dragonkind with a set of statues.[25][26]
Complications relating to the production of Tinker Bell, the debut film of the Disney Fairies franchise lead to discussion over the focus of DisneyToon Studios. Pixar leadership exerted control and affected Franchise projects at the production company. Tinker Bell's animation was scrapped and was restarted while two possible franchise projects were cancelled, "Disney's Dwarfs" and the "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales" line after the first DVD release.[51][52]
The June 2013 release of the Disney Princess Palace Pets app from Disney Publishing lead DCP to turn Palace Pets into a Disney Princess franchise extension with the release of The Palace Pets toy line in August from licensee, Blip Toys. The line was also listed by TimetoPlayMag.com for its Most Wanted List Holiday 2013.[53]




Disney Bunnies[edit]


Disney Bunnies


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Print publications


Book(s)


"I Love You, My Bunnies"
"Thumper Counts to Ten"
"Goodnight, Thumper!"[25]




Miscellaneous


spun off from
Bambi and Bambi II


Disney Bunnies is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on Thumper from the 1942 film Bambi and its 2006 followup Bambi II.[21][26] Selected as DCP's third franchise to be launched,[21] Disney Bunnies was launched on January 15, 2007 with three books.[25]


Disney Dragonkind[edit]


Disney Dragonkind


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Miscellaneous


Toys
statues


spun off from
Disney Movies


Disney Dragonkind is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on dragons appearing in Disney animated movies.[25][26] It was launched in January 2007 with a statue of Maleficent (from Sleeping Beauty) in dragon form. Gentle Giant Studios sculpted the three first statues with the last two being: Mushu from Mulan and Elliot from Pete's Dragon.[25]




DCPI structure[edit]

Disney Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store Worldwide, Inc.
Disney Shopping, Inc., online and other direct marketing channels


Games and Interactive Experiences

DCPI Labs team[42]

The Muppets Studio (formerly Muppets Holding Company LLC)[54]




DCPI Publishing and Digital Media

Disney Digital Networks[48]

Maker Studios[48]

Polaris, gaming channel[48]


Advanced Media
Disney Social
Disney Co/Op, custom content[46] and all platform ad sales
disney.com
Disney Style[48]
Oh My Disney[46]
Disney LOL[46]
babble.com[46]
Disney Family (Family.com)[48]
Go.com: formerly GO Network
StarWars.com and Star Wars app[48]


Disney Publishing Worldwide




Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Shopping, Inc., formerly Disney Direct Marketing (Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc.; DDM), is the direct sales subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products, a segment subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company.[55]
DS history[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing[edit]


Fiscal
Year
sales
(million)[56]


1994
$65


1998
estimated $200


The Walt Disney Company purchased the Childcraft Education Corporation for $52 million from Grolier Inc. to expand its mail-order business and that the children's furniture and equipment area fit with the Disney characters' target market. Childcraft's mailing list would boost Walt Disney Family Gift Catalog's mailing list from 2.8 million to 8 million.[57]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. was incorporated on May 1, 1990.[58] In 1996, Disney Stores had started leasing land in the Southpoint Distribution Park in Memphis. In 1997, Disney Direct Marketing started operating out of a building built there by Clayco.[59]
Prior to December 1996, Disney Direct Marketing had sold the Playclothes catalog as they did not support the Disney brand. At that time, DDM had a in-house Kansas City telemarketing center and a warehouse in Memphis. In December 1996, DDM's HQ was moved from New York City to the main Disney campus in Burbank, California. Due to the relocation, the unit needed to restaff. Donna Bhatia was hired then as Disney Direct Marketing as vice president of marketing and new business development and was involved in the restaffing adding another 4 hours to her work day. The company added its first services then with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56]
The company added its first services in December 1996 with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56] In May 1997, Disney Direct Marketing was sued over the service for copyright and trademark infringement of Vermont Teddy Bear Company's trademark mail-order "Bear-Gram" ideas and logo.[60] By October 1997, the case was settled out of court with an agreement that includes changes to reduce confusion.[61]
Also in May 1997, Disney sold its Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co. for $14.6 million.[60] Disney sold Childcraft as the catalog did not support the Disney brands.[56]
Bhatia got the Disney Catalog distributed by the Disney Stores, which had not happen much before, which generated sales of $13 million at lower mailing costs. She then found that Disney had multiple (60) customer databases of which only five were used for catalog mailings. Combined the 60 databases had 20 million records that after removing duplicated records consisted of 10 million households. With the unified database, Disney started adding additional catalogs started in spring 1997 with The Walt Disney Gallery Catalog plus two more by June 1998. With the increased sales, a new warehouse was being build in South Carolina.[56]
With Disney's purchase of the remainder of Infoseek in July 1999, the Go Network, Infoseek, the Disney Catalog, Disney Online (Disney.com and DisneyStore.com), ABC News Internet Ventures and ESPN Internet Ventures and Buena Vista Internet Group are merged into the Go.com company.[62]
Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. had changed its name to Disney Shopping, Inc. as it operated online with the disneyshopping.com domain. By January 31, 2006, Disney Shopping's Kansas call center was closed with some of the 250 employees would transferring to a Utah call center and few would remain until May 2006.[55] On May 19, 2009, disneyshopping.com was redesigned and relaunched at a new domain, disneystore.com, with the additional of Disney Parks and Resorts products.[63]
Catalogs[edit]

Disney Catalog[56]
Walt Disney Gallery (Spring 1997-) a twice a year collectibles catalog, which has also been sent to Lenox Mint, Danbury Mint and Franklin Mint catalog lists. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 2.5 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Disney Kids (by July 1998-) send to parents twice a year in August focusing on back-to-school and in September focusing on Halloween costumes. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 1.3 million copies per year and generating $3 million in annual sales.[56]
disneystore.com, formerly disneyshopping.com[63]
Pooh’s Corner (1997-) for the fans of the bear character. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 4 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Playclothes (sold by 12/1996)[56]
Childcraft (April 1988[57]-May 1997) educational products[60]

Services[edit]
1-800 gift service

Pooh Gram (December 1996- ) a parent can order a appropriately occasion dressed Pooh bear sent with a personal message. This service takes in $10 million in revenue per year.[56]
Mickey Gram - pending as of June 1998[56]

Club

Winnie the Pooh Flag - sends holiday flags on a regular basis, which did $10 million a year in revenue in 1997.[56]

References[edit]


^ a b https://businesssearch.sos.ca.gov/CBS/SearchResults?SearchType=CORP&SearchCriteria=Disney+Consumer&SearchSubType=Keyword
^ a b c d e "Company Overview of Disney Consumer Products, Inc.". investing. BusinessWeek.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ a b Jarvey, Natalie (February 22, 2016). "Disney's Consumer Products and Interactive Division Loses Leslie Ferraro, Promotes James Pitaro". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved February 23, 2016. 
^ Ehrbar, Greg (2006). Mouse Tracks: The Story of Walt Disney Records (First ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. p. 8. ISBN 1617034339. Retrieved March 11, 2015. 
^ Aberdeen, J. A. (2000). "Disneyland". Hollywood Renegades. Cobblestone Entertainment. ISBN 1-890110-24-8. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b c Hirsch, Jerry (December 31, 1998). "Winnie the Pooh Gains Momentum across Disney Product Lines". The Orange County Register. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Leonard, Devin; Burke, Doris (January 20, 2003). "The Curse of Pooh". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved July 11, 2016. 
^ "DISNEY CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. Entity Number: C1389445". Business Search. State of California. Retrieved 28 November 2012. 
^ Vaughan, Vicki (March 28, 1992). "Disney Restaurants To Close After Lackluster Performance". Orlando Sentinel. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ Newman, Melinda; Flippo, Chet (December 4, 1999). "Disney's Bet on Buena Vista is Paying Off: Other Divisions Revamped". Billboard. 111 (49): 3, 139. Retrieved March 10, 2015. 
^ a b c Grover, Ronald (September 6, 2011). "Disney Consumer Products Chairman Mooney Resigns to Seek Leadership Role". bloomberg.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Toops, Diane (February 1, 2002). "Kellogg brings magic to breakfast". Food Processing. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney Consumer Products, along with Wells' Dairy, Inc., launched a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products". The Food Institute Report. May 26, 2003. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Kroger and Disney bring Old Yeller back after 48 years". Private Label Buyer. May 1, 2005. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Motorola reaches for kids with Disney". TWICE. August 5, 2002. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney to start selling personalcomputers for kids". St. Augustine Record. The Associated Press. August 7, 2004. Retrieved March 28, 2015. 
^ a b c Masters, Kim (October 20, 2011). "Kermit as Mogul, Farting Fozzie Bear: How Disney's Muppets Movie Has Purists Rattled". The Hollywood Reporter. pp. 3 of 4. Retrieved August 20, 2013. 
^ Bhattacharjee, Manisha (April 25, 2005). "Disney's Eisner, Iger in India; to meet PM & President". Indiantelevision.com. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b Petrecca, Laura (2005-08-26). "Disney hopes fairies will fly into girls' hearts". Usatoday.Com. Retrieved 2017-01-04. 
^ a b Armstrong, Josh (August 14, 2013). "Mike Disa and The Seven Dwarfs: How the Snow White prequel became a Dopey movie". Animated Views.com. Animated Views. Retrieved June 12, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (May 29, 2006). ""Disney Fairies" franchise gets ready to take flight". Jim Hill Media.com. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Disney's BVITV-AP brings 'Toon Disney' block to Vietnam". Indiantelevision.com. February 1, 2007. Retrieved March 10, 2014. 
^ "Disney Jeans launched, plans 30 stores". Business Standard. September 26, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ "Disney to set up 150 stores in India". The Times of India. TNN. October 12, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (Aug 9, 2006). ""Disney Dragonkind" roars into stores & "Disney Bunnies" hops onto bookstore shelves in early 2007". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ a b c d Josh (August 11, 2006). "Bunnies and dragons unite for Disney Consumer Products". Animated Views. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Sliwinski, Alexander (June 5, 2008). "Disney's games and internet divisions merging". Joystiq.com. AOL, Inc. Retrieved February 27, 2015. 
^ "Boyd promoted at Disney Consumer Products unit". Daily News Record. July 30, 1997. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 6, 2010). "Pook-A-Looz give classic Disney characters a quirky new look". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 29, 2010). "With new merch & a new movie in the pipeline, there's no stopping the Muppets now". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Donley, Michelle (December 31, 2009). "Marvel Shareholders OK Disney Acquisition". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Josh Silverman". Disney Consumer Products. June 11, 2015. 
^ Finke, Nikki (August 23, 2011). "Disney Fires Marvel's Marketing Department". Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (April 19, 2012). "Disney Bets on 'The Avengers' After 'John Carter'". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Kohler, Chris (October 16, 2012). "How Videogames Are Changing Disney". Wired.com. Retrieved October 17, 2012. 
^ a b Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "With Star Wars and Princesses, Disney Now Has Six of the Top 10 Licensed Franchises". Variety. Retrieved December 2, 2013. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (May 2, 2013). "Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories". CNN Money. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "‘Star Wars,’ Marvel to Boost Disney’s Already Dominant Licensing Biz". Variety. 
^ "Disney, ABC Plan New Millennial Brand". License Mag. October 18, 2013. Retrieved May 23, 2014. 
^ Schuster, Dana (14 April 2014). "‘Frozen’ merch is making parents do crazy things". New York Post. Retrieved 16 April 2014. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (9 April 2014). "Disney’s ‘Frozen’ Dress Sets Off $1,600 Frenzy by Parents". Bloomberg. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ a b Rainey, James (June 29, 2015). "Disney Merges Its Consumer Products and Interactive Divisions". Variety. Retrieved July 5, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (September 17, 2015). "Meep Meep TV". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin". disneyconsumerproducts.com. Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Lieberman, David (December 15, 2015). "Disney Taps Courtney Holt To Replace Ynon Kreiz As Head Of Maker Studios". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Main, Sami (November 21, 2016). "How Disney Maintains a Strong Relationship With Its Millennial Audience". AdWeek. Retrieved January 4, 2017. 
^ Wallenstein, Andrew (December 20, 2016). "Disney Shifts Oversight of Maker Studios (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Spangler, Todd (2 May 2017). "Disney Sets More Family-Friendly Path for Maker Studios". Variety. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ a b c Lisanti, Tony (May 1, 2017). "Disney's Vision for the Future". License! Global. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ "Everything you need to know about new 'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' series". ABC News. April 13, 2017. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ Baisley, Sarah (June 21, 2007). "DisneyToon Studios Prexy Morrill Steps Down". Animation World Network. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (June 20, 2007). "Say "So Long !" to direct-to-video sequels : DisneyToon Studios tunes out Sharon Morrill". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Disney Consumer Products Public Relations (September 26, 2013). "Disney Debuts New Franchise Extension with Launch of Disney Princess Palace Pets App and Toy Line". Marketwatch.com. Business Wire. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin" (PDF). Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved 2015-09-16. 
^ a b "Disney plots out the ending for unit's KC call center". L.A. Biz. American City Business Journals. November 14, 2005. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m "Disney Direct Marketing". Chief Marketer. Access Intelligence, LLC. June 1, 1998. Retrieved February 9, 2017. 
^ a b "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Division of Corporations - Filing". Business Entity Detail. Delaware State Department Division of Corporations. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ Greenlaw, Wendy (August 7, 2015). "Disney Store's Memphis Distribution Center Sells for $27.5 Million". Memphis Daily News (VOL. 130 NO. 153). The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. May 28, 1997. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Vermont Teddy Bear settles dispute with Disney". Catalog Age (Vol. 14 Issue 11). October 1997. p. 7. Retrieved February 10, 2017 – via EBSCOhost Connection. 
^ "Disney absorbs Infoseek". Money. CNNfn. July 12, 1999. Retrieved December 7, 2012. 
^ a b Todé, Chantal (May 19, 2009). "Disney launches new e-commerce site". DMN. Haymarket Media, Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 







Polsson, Ken. "Chronology of the Walt Disney Company". KPolsson.com.  Missing or empty |url= (help)


^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*The Disney Touch, by Ron Grover, 1991.
*The Musical World of Walt Disney, by David Tietyen, 1990. Page 19.
Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
*Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 67.
^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 31.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page. 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 68.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 81.
^ "1932". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 107.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 108.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 70.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 197.
^ "1933". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's World of Fantasy, by Adrian Bailey, 1987.
*Microsoft Cinemania '95, 1994.
*Of Mice and Magic, by Leonard Maltin, 1980.
*Walt Disney - Hollywood's Dark Prince, by Marc Eliot, 1993. Page 76.
*Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 139.
*The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
*The Hollywood Studios, by Roy Pickard, 1978. Page 240.
*Walt Disney - When Dreams Come True, by JoAnn DiFranco, 1985. Page 29.
*Encyclopedia of Walt Disney's Animated Characters, by John Grant, 1987. Page 55.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 109.
*Disney A to Z - The Updated Official Encyclopedia, by Dave Smith, 1998. Page 553.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 185.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disney Magazine, Spring 2001. Page 80.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 127.
Walt Disney's Railroad Story, by Michael Broggie, 1997. Page 41.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 116.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Source: Disney Magazine, Summer 1997. Page 46.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 273.
^ "1938". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. page 186.
^ "1948". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 250.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 153.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
*Asiaweek, November 12, 1999, Volume 25, Number 45. Page 48.
* Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 473.
^ "1979". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 89.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source:
* Prince of the Magic Kingdom, by Joe Flower, 1991.
*Work in Progress, by Michael Eisner, 1998. Page 243.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, October 13, 1987. Page D26.
^ "July to December 1991". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, November 12, 1991. Page D4.




New York Times (The New York Times Company).


^ "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ Stevenson, Richard W. (May 4, 1990). "Disney Stores: Magic in Retail?". The New York Times. pp. D1,D18. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ a b c d Holson, Laura M. (August 30, 2004). "A Nike Veteran Adds Some Swoosh to Disney's Tired Mouse". The New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 
^ "Volume 146, Number 50736.". March 19, 1997. p. D6. 
^ a b Orenstein, Peggy (December 24, 2006). "What’s Wrong With Cinderella?". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 April 2013. 
^ a b c Barnes, Brooks (September 18, 2008). "Fuzzy Renaissance". The New York Times. Retrieved December 29, 2012. 
^ a b Barnes, Brooks (February 23, 2015). "Disney Names Robert Chapek Chairman for Theme Parks". New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 


Los Angeles Times. (Tribune Publishing).


^ "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. AP. May 28, 1997. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ a b c d Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 6, 2011). "Head of Disney Consumer Products group steps down". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ "Disney to Sell Its Retail Stores in Japan". Los Angeles Times. Bloomberg News. September 11, 2001. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ "Disney buys back store chain from Children's Place". Los Angeles Times. Reuters. May 2, 2008. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 14, 2009). "Disney toys get Pixar animation guru's touch". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C.; Rebecca Keegan (June 21, 2011). "Merchandise sales drive Pixar's 'Cars' franchise". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 10, 2011). "Disney names Robert Chapek head of consumer products group". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 20 December 2012. 
^ Miller, Daniel (May 7, 2015). "Leslie Ferraro named president of Disney Consumer Products". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 





External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media







Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store








Publishing and Digital Media




Disney Publishing Worldwide



Disney English
Disney Press
Disney Hyperion
Marvel Press (joint w/Marvel)





Disney Digital Network



Maker Studios
Babble.com
Disney.com
Go.com








Games and Interactive Experiences



DCPI Labs

The Muppets Studio


Disney Interactive Studios
Disney Mobile
Playdom





Franchises



Disney Channels Worldwide

Disney Junior
Darkwing Duck
DuckTales
Elena of Avalor
Gravity Falls
Kim Possible
Phineas and Ferb
Star vs. the Forces of Evil


Disney Fairies
Disney Princess
Disney Tsum Tsum
Disney Villains
Disney Interactive

Club Penguin
Disney Infinity
Kingdom Hearts
Where's My Water?


Frozen
The Kingdom Keepers
Marvel
Lucasfilm

Indiana Jones
Star Wars


Mickey & Friends
The Muppets
Pirates of the Caribbean
Pixar

Cars
Finding Nemo
The Incredibles
Monsters Inc.
Toy Story


Tron
Winnie the Pooh





Other



D23
Disney Vault






The Walt Disney Company










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Disney_Consumer_Products_and_Interactive_Media&oldid=790044696"					
Categories: Disney Consumer ProductsDisney franchisesThe Walt Disney Company subsidiariesDisney InteractiveDisney video gamesInternet companies of the United StatesSoftware companies of the United StatesVideo game companies of the United StatesEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaSoftware companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game publishersCompanies based in Burbank, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 2015Software companies established in 2015Video game companies established in 2015Hidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URL 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisPortuguêsTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 07:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media - Wikipedia






















 






Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Inc.





Type

Subsidiary[1]


Industry
Merchandising


Predecessor
Disney Consumer Products
Disney Interactive


Founded
000000002015-03-25-0000March 25, 2015[1]


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

James Pitaro
(chairman)[3]


Products
Books



Production output




Digital content
Video games





Services
Licensing


Parent
The Walt Disney Company


Divisions



Disney Licensing
Disney Retail
DCPI Games & Apps
DCPI Publishing and Digital Media





Subsidiaries



Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Store
The Muppets Studio
Maker Studios





Website
dcpi.disney.com


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI), is a segment and subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company that engages in merchandising of the Disney brand and Disney properties through licensing, retail, video games, digital applications and content divisions. The company was formed as a result of the merger between Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive.



Contents


1 Background
2 History

2.1 Disney Consumer Products

2.1.1 Franchise focus




3 DCPIMedia history
4 Franchises

4.1 Disney Bunnies
4.2 Disney Dragonkind


5 DCPI structure
6 Disney Shopping

6.1 DS history

6.1.1 Disney Direct Marketing
6.1.2 Disney Shopping


6.2 Catalogs
6.3 Services


7 References
8 External links



Background[edit]
DCPI's origins trace back to 1929, when Walt Disney licensed the image of Mickey Mouse for use on a children's writing tablet.[ChWDC 1] On December 16 of that year, Walt Disney Productions formed the Walt Disney Enterprises (WDE) division to handle merchandising.[ChWDC 2]
The Mickey Mouse doll production by Charlotte Clark started shortly after in January 1930.[ChWDC 3] The WDE division also hired George Borgfeldt & Company of New York as a licensing agent to make Mickey and Minnie Mouse toys.[ChWDC 4] Borgfeldt & Company in turn set to work developing other products, granting the first license to Walkburger, Tanner and Company of St. Gall, Switzerland, for Mickey and Minnie Mouse handkerchiefs.[ChWDC 5] That summer of 1930 Disney expanded WDE to England, granting a general license to William Banks Levy for Mickey and Minnie Mouse character merchandise.[ChWDC 6]
In 1932 Disney closed a merchandising contract with Herman "Kay" Kamen for sole representation.[ChWDC 7] Early on WDE began to show results. The company's merchandising made the Silly Symphony film Three Little Pigs (1933) the company's first profit-making animated film.[ChWDC 8]
In 1934, Disney licensing expanded to hand-crank toy projectors,[ChWDC 9] diamond-studded Mickey Mouse pins, Mickey Mouse toffee in England[ChWDC 10] and a Lionel wind-up train toy,[ChWDC 11] while a patent is received for Ingersoll-Waterbury Clock Company's Mickey Mouse watch.[ChWDC 12]
Yet more companies licensed the Mickey Mouse image. General Foods did so for one year and made $1.5 million on the Post Toasties cereal box. Mickey was the first licensed character on such a product.[ChWDC 13] Clashes with other companies weren't unavoidable, though. Disney filed suit on July 31 against the United Biscuit Company of America, Sawyer Biscuit Company, and the Chicago Carton Company for unauthorized use of Disney characters for animal crackers which lasted for four months and ended in Disney's favor.[ChWDC 14]
Disney signed on July 19, 1938 with Courvoisier Galleries, making Courvoisier Disney's original art marketing representative. In December, Walt Disney Enterprises was renamed Walt Disney Productions.[ChWDC 15]
In October 1948, Disney and Kay Kamen extend the merchandising contract, but only for the Americas.[ChWDC 16] In 1949, the Character Merchandising Division is formed with in Disney.[ChWDC 17] Also that year on October 28, Kay Kamen, Disney's licensing representative, died in an Air France plane crash over the Azores.[ChWDC 18]
With Roy Disney's split off the merchandising division from Disney Production, Jimmy Johnson became head of the merchandising division's publication department in 1950 and took on managing business affairs for the Walt Disney Music Company.[4]
Disney had a food division with product from bread to soft drinks, which was mostly discontinued due to its contract with ABC to produce TV shows and the need to not be in competition with potential advertisers.[5]
After Disney purchased the rights for Winnie the Pooh to make a 1966 animated short film, the company conceded to a broad licensing agreement with Sears, Roebuck & Co..[6] Stephen Slesinger Inc.'s Pati Slesinger found merchandise that Disney did not pay royalties on. The Slesinger then attempt to get the A.A. Milne Trust to abrogate its contract. In 1983, Disney paid Stephen Slesinger Inc. and the Milne estate to end the royalty issue and agreed to a new contract that lower Slesinger Inc.'s royalty percentage.[7]
In 1979, the Intergovernmental Philatelic Corporation of New York was licensed by Walt Disney Productions to make Disney character stamps for several countries.[ChWDC 19]
History[edit]
Disney Consumer Products[edit]

Disney Consumer Products





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Merchandising


Fate
split up


Predecessor
Character Merchandising Division


Founded
1929[2]


Defunct
2017


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Textiles, apparel and luxury goods[2]


Services
Licensing


Parent
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media
(The Walt Disney Company)


Divisions
Licensing[2]


Subsidiaries
Disney Store


Website
disneyconsumerproducts.com


Disney Consumer Products was incorporated with the State of California in 1986.[8]
The first Disney Store opened in Glendale, California on March 28, 1987.[ChWDC 20] On October 12, Disney agreed to a licensing contract with Mattel for a Disney Character infant and preschool toy line.[ChWDC 21] DCP purchased Childcraft Education Corp., maker of children's furniture and equipment, retail stores and catalog sales, from Grolier Inc. in April 1988.[nyt 1]
In April 1990, the 50th store was opened in Montclair, California along with the first Mickey's Kitchen fast food restaurant.[nyt 2] On November 11, 1991, Mattel and Disney extended the 1987 agreement, adding Pinocchio, Bambi, Dumbo, It's a Small World, and the Autopia to the toy line.[ChWDC 22] In March 1992, Disney Stores closed the two Mickey's Kitchen as the restaurants were only breaking even while well received by the customers as the company wanted to focus on overseas expansions.[9]
In 1994, DCP ended an exclusive licensing agreement with Sears for Winnie the Pooh. Three distinct product lines were created for Pooh: Disney Pooh, based on the Disney red-shirted tan bear cartoon version; 100 Acre Collection, a more upscale line for department stores and the Classic Pooh line based on the original A.A. Milne books' Ernest H. Shephard illustrations.[6]
DCP licensing peak in 1997 with 749 Disney Stores worldwide, operating income of $893 million and 4,200 licensees for mostly Winnie the Pooh and Mickey Mouse product plus some top animated movies.[nyt 3] Disney's and McDonald's ten-year cross-promotional agreement began on January 1, 1997.[nyt 4] In May 1997, the Vermont Teddy Bear Co. filed a copyright infringement suit against Disney over "Pooh-Grams" being similar to its mail-order "Bear-Gram" trademark and logo. Also, Disney Enterprises, Inc. sold DCP operating subsidiary Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co.[lat 1]
In March 1998, Walt Disney Records and Walt Disney Music Publishing were transferred out of DCP to Buena Vista Music Group in the Disney studio division.[10] By 1998, Pooh outsold Mickey Mouse $316 million to $114 million through November of that year in just-licensed-toy sales. By replacing Sears with 100 licensees including Mattel, Hallmark, Timex, Tupperware and Royal Daulton, DCP has since increased Pooh product lines from $390 million to $3.3 billion.[6]
Franchise focus[edit]




DCP office buildings in Glendale at Disney's Grand Central Creative Campus


With Mickey Mouse and other characters on products everywhere and a general retail decline in 2000, DCP had registered operating income of only $386 million.[nyt 3] In December 1999, Andrew P. Mooney became the head of DCP. He created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5][11] He also developed the Disney Couture fashion line, Walt Disney Signature furniture, a princess-inspired bridal gowns line, and lines based on the Pixar films, Toy Story and Cars.[lat 2] Mooney had DCP try an Always Fresh labeled women's nightshirts and T-shirts line which attempt to be more mature but failed. He also reduced the number of licensees in half, sold low sale stores and had staff actively pursuing licensing partners than waiting for proposals. For example, Mooney, worked to have Fred Segal, a high-end retailers, sell specialty products and opened a sales office near Wal-Mart's headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas. In 2001, Mooney lead a promotion of Mickey Mouse T-shirts by getting them into the hands of celebrities, which was a success. Also, Disney Publishing issued its first original comic book, W.I.T.C.H., which was successful enough to be adapted into an animated series.[nyt 3]
Consumer Products also begin expanding licensing in the food category in the 2000s. DCP agreed to a licensing agreement with Kellogg Company for a Kellogg's Disney cereal line launched in February 2002; Kellogg's Disney Mickey's Magix, Kellogg's Disney Hunny Bs, and Kellogg's Disney/Pixar Buzz Blasts.[12] In May 2003, DCP and Wells' Dairy launched a Disney-branded dairy line with a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products.[13] In May 2005, DCP licensed Krogers the Old Yeller name to sell dog food.[14]
The Japanese stores were sold to Oriental Land Company in 2002,[lat 3] while most North American stores were sold and licensed in November 2004 to The Children's Place.[lat 4] Disney licensed Motorola for cordless phones and two way handset radios in August 2002.[15]
For the first 3 quarters of 2004, Disney Consumer Products made $388 million in operating income placing the year ahead of 2000 and 2003. In May 2004, the Disney Cuties design (a more anime style) line was introduced with T-shirts. Mooney's major initiatives was to turn Disney into a lifestyle brand by relying on the Disney brand reputation instead of its characters to sell clothing and household goods with half the royalty percentage of the 10% for Disney characters. At Fred Segal in August, the retailer was test selling Snap watches, with swappable faces and wristbands, with Disney characters with hipper, urban designs. In Spring 2005, DCP planned to start sell pants and jean jackets under the Disney Denim brand with a cartoon whimsical elements.[nyt 3] On August 5, 2004, the Disney Dream Desk PC, designed by Frog Design and manufactured by Medion, began being sold at CompUSA and Disney online. DCP planned to release a camcorder and digital camera later in the year.[16]
Disney purchased the rights to The Muppets and the Bear in the Big Blue House franchises from The Jim Henson Company on February 17, 2004.[nyt 6] The two brands were placed under control of the Muppets Holding Company, LLC, then as a unit of Disney Consumer Products.[17]
In 2005, DCP has begun working with various Indian retail outlets to establish Disney Corners within the outlets to sell licensed merchandise.[18] Also that year, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While DCP eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male centric franchise to counterbalance the female centric Fairies by 2005.[20]
In 2006, the Muppets Holding Company was transferred from the Disney Consumer Products unit to The Walt Disney Studios with studio executives passing on oversight, the unit was placed in the special events group.[nyt 6][17] With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] DCP in May concluded a consumer products master licensing agreement for Indochina, including Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, with East Media Holdings Inc.'s EMHI Licensing Inc.[22] On September 26, the Disney Jeans brand was launched in India under license to Indus Clothing, who planned to open 30 Disney Jean stores by the end of 2007.[23] In October, DCP India franchised to Ravi Jaipuria Corporation the rights for five years to set up 150 Disney Artist brand stores and wholesale under the Disney Artist brand Disney character branded greeting cards, stationary, arts, crafts and party product in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives.[24]
In January 2007 two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies and Disney Dragonkind.[25][26]
In 2008, Disney purchased back its Disney Stores from The Children's Place.[lat 2] On June 5, 2008, Disney Interactive Studios is transferred out of DCP to the Disney Interactive Media Group.[27][28]
John Lasseter of Pixar became a creative advisor to DCP in 2009 after already assisting on Cars products. Lasseter pushed for an end to "label slapping", which is using a popular move to sell unrelated generic toys.[lat 5] The Disney Princesses franchise has generated more than $4 billion in retail sales worldwide.[lat 2] In post-Christmas 2009, Disney Pook-A-Looz, a plush line of Disney caricatures, was launched with its first set at Toy'R'Us with Disney Stores receiving them in mid-March 2010 with the Cheshire Cat selling well.[29] The Muppets were considered the best sellers of the second set of Pook-A-Looz over the expected “Nightmare Before Christmas” characters.[30]
In 2009, Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4.24 billion.[31] Josh Silverman, a senior executive at Marvel, was appointed Executive Vice President of Global Licensing for Disney Consumer Products and helped facilitate the Disney-Marvel integration.[32] In 2011, Disney fired Marvel Studios' marketing department[33] taking over marketing of their films beginning with the 2012 film The Avengers.[34]
The Cars sequel was approved for a 2011 debut despite the original being panned by the critics and one of the lowest grossing Pixar film as its licensed products have done well.[lat 6] Mooney stepped down as DCP chair in September 2011.[lat 2] With Robert Chapek being appointed president of DCP, DCP expanded its responsibility to include all retailing, distribution and licensing for Marvel, Pixar, video discs and video games.[lat 7]
Swampy the Alligator from Where's My Water? was the first Disney Interactive Media Group original character to get the merchandising treatment by 2012.[35] In 2012, Disney was the world’s largest licensor and number 1 in the entertainment category according to International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association for another year with an 80% market share and $39.5 billion.[36]
In March 2013, Disney sent a letter to its suppliers to have them by April 2014 pull any Disney branded products out of the five "highest-risk countries": Bangladesh, Ecuador, Venezuela, Belarus and Pakistan, based on a World Bank-governed metric report. This was announced in May after a Bangladeshi factory building collapsed. Haiti and Cambodia, which are also low-ranking countries, were allowable per Disney's new policy so long as the factories worked with the Better Work health and safety program run by the International Labour Organization and the International Finance Corporation. Bangladesh factories were liable to get work if they also partnered with the Better Work program. Disney also stated that less than 1% of its products were sourced from Bangladesh and even less from the other four countries.[37]
DCP began representing Lucasfilm brands in June 2013.[38] With the addition of Star Wars, Disney has six of the top 10 franchises: Disney Princess (1st), Star Wars (2nd), Winnie the Pooh (3rd), Cars (4th), Mickey & Friends (6th), and Toy Story (8th), with two more in the top twenty; Disney Fairies (11th) and Spider-Man (16th).[36] In October, DCP announced an arrangement with Wet Seal for an ABC Family character inspired Crush by ABC Family apparel and accessories line to reach the shelves in 2014.[39]
In April 2014, DCP was the subject of online criticism from numerous parents (through the Disney Store's Facebook page and other forums) for severely underestimating consumer demand for merchandise related to Disney Animation's 2013 blockbuster hit, Frozen.[40][41] DCP saw its profit increase by 22% for the 2014 year.[nyt 7]
On February 23, 2015, Robert Chapek was named chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts effective that day.[nyt 7] Leslie Ferraro, formerly executive vice president of global marketing, sales and travel operations of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, was named president of DCP.[lat 8]
DCPIMedia history[edit]
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media was formed in 000000002015-06-01-0000June 2015 as merger of Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive. The presidents of DCP and DIM were appointed co-chairs of the division while retaining the presidency of their subsidiary while Disney Publishing Worldwide would report to them as co-chairs. The units were brought together due to increase use of technology on the part of DCP with the announced Playmation toy system and digital publishing by DPW.[42]
In 2014, The Muppets Studio was transferred then when the new division was formed ended up as a part of the newly formed DCPI Labs unit.[43][44] On January 11, 2016, Maker Studios was placed under the control of Disney Interactive concurrent with the appointment of Courtney Holt as Maker head with the title of executive vice president.[45]
Ferraro left Disney eight months later in February 2016 with James Pitaro becoming sole chairman.[3] Disney Co/Op team was formed in 2015 to work with licensees and other partners for branded content like Disney Boxed (the reverse concept of Unboxing) with Hasbro about creating a toy.[46]
Content & Media department was formed under executive vice president Andrew Sugerman in early 2016 from Disney Publishing Worldwide, Disney LOL, Oh My Disney and other units. Maker Studio was transferred into DCPI Content and Media in December 2016. While former Maker head moved to Disney corporate strategy unit as executive vice president of media and strategy.[47] Disney Digital Network was formed by the May 2, 2017 Disney's Digital Content NewFronts with Maker, the former Disney Online websites, StarWars.com and other digital first content units.[48]
DCPI moved to address for all franchises three issues, expanding the audience, category expansion & product development and direct-to-consumer.[49] With Marvel and Star Wars, DCPI planned to push into the female audience. With Star Wars, DCPI partnered with Lucasfilm Animation for Star Wars Forces of Destiny which features female characters, premieres on DCPI's Disney YouTube channel and supported by apparel, books and toys including a new product type, "adventure figures".[49][50] DCPI has worked on aging up Minnie Mouse by working with several designers for product appealing to adults and young adults for primary the fashion field. With Ashley Eckstein's Her Universe, Disney Consumer had already work with on expanding Star Wars and Marvel products to girls and women. Now Her Universe is working on a Disney co-branded "athleisure" line for both sexes and Disney Princess.[49]
Franchises[edit]


Franchises launched[21]


Disney Princess (2000)


Disney Fairies (2006)


Franchises considered (2006)[21]


Disney Bunnies


Disney Dwarves


Disney Horses


Disney Mermaids


Disney Trains


Andrew P. Mooney of Disney Consumer Products (DCP) created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5] In 2005, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While Consumer Products eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male-centric franchise to counterbalance the female-centric Fairies by 2005.[20] The Muppet franchise held by DCP, in Muppet Holding Company, after being purchased in 2004 and transferred out in 2006 to Disney Studios.[nyt 6][17]
With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Disney Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises (see table at right) with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] In January 2007, two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies with three books and Disney Dragonkind with a set of statues.[25][26]
Complications relating to the production of Tinker Bell, the debut film of the Disney Fairies franchise lead to discussion over the focus of DisneyToon Studios. Pixar leadership exerted control and affected Franchise projects at the production company. Tinker Bell's animation was scrapped and was restarted while two possible franchise projects were cancelled, "Disney's Dwarfs" and the "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales" line after the first DVD release.[51][52]
The June 2013 release of the Disney Princess Palace Pets app from Disney Publishing lead DCP to turn Palace Pets into a Disney Princess franchise extension with the release of The Palace Pets toy line in August from licensee, Blip Toys. The line was also listed by TimetoPlayMag.com for its Most Wanted List Holiday 2013.[53]




Disney Bunnies[edit]


Disney Bunnies


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Print publications


Book(s)


"I Love You, My Bunnies"
"Thumper Counts to Ten"
"Goodnight, Thumper!"[25]




Miscellaneous


spun off from
Bambi and Bambi II


Disney Bunnies is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on Thumper from the 1942 film Bambi and its 2006 followup Bambi II.[21][26] Selected as DCP's third franchise to be launched,[21] Disney Bunnies was launched on January 15, 2007 with three books.[25]


Disney Dragonkind[edit]


Disney Dragonkind


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Miscellaneous


Toys
statues


spun off from
Disney Movies


Disney Dragonkind is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on dragons appearing in Disney animated movies.[25][26] It was launched in January 2007 with a statue of Maleficent (from Sleeping Beauty) in dragon form. Gentle Giant Studios sculpted the three first statues with the last two being: Mushu from Mulan and Elliot from Pete's Dragon.[25]




DCPI structure[edit]

Disney Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store Worldwide, Inc.
Disney Shopping, Inc., online and other direct marketing channels


Games and Interactive Experiences

DCPI Labs team[42]

The Muppets Studio (formerly Muppets Holding Company LLC)[54]




DCPI Publishing and Digital Media

Disney Digital Networks[48]

Maker Studios[48]

Polaris, gaming channel[48]


Advanced Media
Disney Social
Disney Co/Op, custom content[46] and all platform ad sales
disney.com
Disney Style[48]
Oh My Disney[46]
Disney LOL[46]
babble.com[46]
Disney Family (Family.com)[48]
Go.com: formerly GO Network
StarWars.com and Star Wars app[48]


Disney Publishing Worldwide




Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Shopping, Inc., formerly Disney Direct Marketing (Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc.; DDM), is the direct sales subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products, a segment subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company.[55]
DS history[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing[edit]


Fiscal
Year
sales
(million)[56]


1994
$65


1998
estimated $200


The Walt Disney Company purchased the Childcraft Education Corporation for $52 million from Grolier Inc. to expand its mail-order business and that the children's furniture and equipment area fit with the Disney characters' target market. Childcraft's mailing list would boost Walt Disney Family Gift Catalog's mailing list from 2.8 million to 8 million.[57]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. was incorporated on May 1, 1990.[58] In 1996, Disney Stores had started leasing land in the Southpoint Distribution Park in Memphis. In 1997, Disney Direct Marketing started operating out of a building built there by Clayco.[59]
Prior to December 1996, Disney Direct Marketing had sold the Playclothes catalog as they did not support the Disney brand. At that time, DDM had a in-house Kansas City telemarketing center and a warehouse in Memphis. In December 1996, DDM's HQ was moved from New York City to the main Disney campus in Burbank, California. Due to the relocation, the unit needed to restaff. Donna Bhatia was hired then as Disney Direct Marketing as vice president of marketing and new business development and was involved in the restaffing adding another 4 hours to her work day. The company added its first services then with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56]
The company added its first services in December 1996 with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56] In May 1997, Disney Direct Marketing was sued over the service for copyright and trademark infringement of Vermont Teddy Bear Company's trademark mail-order "Bear-Gram" ideas and logo.[60] By October 1997, the case was settled out of court with an agreement that includes changes to reduce confusion.[61]
Also in May 1997, Disney sold its Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co. for $14.6 million.[60] Disney sold Childcraft as the catalog did not support the Disney brands.[56]
Bhatia got the Disney Catalog distributed by the Disney Stores, which had not happen much before, which generated sales of $13 million at lower mailing costs. She then found that Disney had multiple (60) customer databases of which only five were used for catalog mailings. Combined the 60 databases had 20 million records that after removing duplicated records consisted of 10 million households. With the unified database, Disney started adding additional catalogs started in spring 1997 with The Walt Disney Gallery Catalog plus two more by June 1998. With the increased sales, a new warehouse was being build in South Carolina.[56]
With Disney's purchase of the remainder of Infoseek in July 1999, the Go Network, Infoseek, the Disney Catalog, Disney Online (Disney.com and DisneyStore.com), ABC News Internet Ventures and ESPN Internet Ventures and Buena Vista Internet Group are merged into the Go.com company.[62]
Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. had changed its name to Disney Shopping, Inc. as it operated online with the disneyshopping.com domain. By January 31, 2006, Disney Shopping's Kansas call center was closed with some of the 250 employees would transferring to a Utah call center and few would remain until May 2006.[55] On May 19, 2009, disneyshopping.com was redesigned and relaunched at a new domain, disneystore.com, with the additional of Disney Parks and Resorts products.[63]
Catalogs[edit]

Disney Catalog[56]
Walt Disney Gallery (Spring 1997-) a twice a year collectibles catalog, which has also been sent to Lenox Mint, Danbury Mint and Franklin Mint catalog lists. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 2.5 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Disney Kids (by July 1998-) send to parents twice a year in August focusing on back-to-school and in September focusing on Halloween costumes. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 1.3 million copies per year and generating $3 million in annual sales.[56]
disneystore.com, formerly disneyshopping.com[63]
Pooh’s Corner (1997-) for the fans of the bear character. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 4 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Playclothes (sold by 12/1996)[56]
Childcraft (April 1988[57]-May 1997) educational products[60]

Services[edit]
1-800 gift service

Pooh Gram (December 1996- ) a parent can order a appropriately occasion dressed Pooh bear sent with a personal message. This service takes in $10 million in revenue per year.[56]
Mickey Gram - pending as of June 1998[56]

Club

Winnie the Pooh Flag - sends holiday flags on a regular basis, which did $10 million a year in revenue in 1997.[56]

References[edit]


^ a b https://businesssearch.sos.ca.gov/CBS/SearchResults?SearchType=CORP&SearchCriteria=Disney+Consumer&SearchSubType=Keyword
^ a b c d e "Company Overview of Disney Consumer Products, Inc.". investing. BusinessWeek.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ a b Jarvey, Natalie (February 22, 2016). "Disney's Consumer Products and Interactive Division Loses Leslie Ferraro, Promotes James Pitaro". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved February 23, 2016. 
^ Ehrbar, Greg (2006). Mouse Tracks: The Story of Walt Disney Records (First ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. p. 8. ISBN 1617034339. Retrieved March 11, 2015. 
^ Aberdeen, J. A. (2000). "Disneyland". Hollywood Renegades. Cobblestone Entertainment. ISBN 1-890110-24-8. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b c Hirsch, Jerry (December 31, 1998). "Winnie the Pooh Gains Momentum across Disney Product Lines". The Orange County Register. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Leonard, Devin; Burke, Doris (January 20, 2003). "The Curse of Pooh". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved July 11, 2016. 
^ "DISNEY CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. Entity Number: C1389445". Business Search. State of California. Retrieved 28 November 2012. 
^ Vaughan, Vicki (March 28, 1992). "Disney Restaurants To Close After Lackluster Performance". Orlando Sentinel. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ Newman, Melinda; Flippo, Chet (December 4, 1999). "Disney's Bet on Buena Vista is Paying Off: Other Divisions Revamped". Billboard. 111 (49): 3, 139. Retrieved March 10, 2015. 
^ a b c Grover, Ronald (September 6, 2011). "Disney Consumer Products Chairman Mooney Resigns to Seek Leadership Role". bloomberg.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Toops, Diane (February 1, 2002). "Kellogg brings magic to breakfast". Food Processing. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney Consumer Products, along with Wells' Dairy, Inc., launched a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products". The Food Institute Report. May 26, 2003. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Kroger and Disney bring Old Yeller back after 48 years". Private Label Buyer. May 1, 2005. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Motorola reaches for kids with Disney". TWICE. August 5, 2002. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney to start selling personalcomputers for kids". St. Augustine Record. The Associated Press. August 7, 2004. Retrieved March 28, 2015. 
^ a b c Masters, Kim (October 20, 2011). "Kermit as Mogul, Farting Fozzie Bear: How Disney's Muppets Movie Has Purists Rattled". The Hollywood Reporter. pp. 3 of 4. Retrieved August 20, 2013. 
^ Bhattacharjee, Manisha (April 25, 2005). "Disney's Eisner, Iger in India; to meet PM & President". Indiantelevision.com. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b Petrecca, Laura (2005-08-26). "Disney hopes fairies will fly into girls' hearts". Usatoday.Com. Retrieved 2017-01-04. 
^ a b Armstrong, Josh (August 14, 2013). "Mike Disa and The Seven Dwarfs: How the Snow White prequel became a Dopey movie". Animated Views.com. Animated Views. Retrieved June 12, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (May 29, 2006). ""Disney Fairies" franchise gets ready to take flight". Jim Hill Media.com. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Disney's BVITV-AP brings 'Toon Disney' block to Vietnam". Indiantelevision.com. February 1, 2007. Retrieved March 10, 2014. 
^ "Disney Jeans launched, plans 30 stores". Business Standard. September 26, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ "Disney to set up 150 stores in India". The Times of India. TNN. October 12, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (Aug 9, 2006). ""Disney Dragonkind" roars into stores & "Disney Bunnies" hops onto bookstore shelves in early 2007". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ a b c d Josh (August 11, 2006). "Bunnies and dragons unite for Disney Consumer Products". Animated Views. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Sliwinski, Alexander (June 5, 2008). "Disney's games and internet divisions merging". Joystiq.com. AOL, Inc. Retrieved February 27, 2015. 
^ "Boyd promoted at Disney Consumer Products unit". Daily News Record. July 30, 1997. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 6, 2010). "Pook-A-Looz give classic Disney characters a quirky new look". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 29, 2010). "With new merch & a new movie in the pipeline, there's no stopping the Muppets now". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Donley, Michelle (December 31, 2009). "Marvel Shareholders OK Disney Acquisition". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Josh Silverman". Disney Consumer Products. June 11, 2015. 
^ Finke, Nikki (August 23, 2011). "Disney Fires Marvel's Marketing Department". Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (April 19, 2012). "Disney Bets on 'The Avengers' After 'John Carter'". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Kohler, Chris (October 16, 2012). "How Videogames Are Changing Disney". Wired.com. Retrieved October 17, 2012. 
^ a b Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "With Star Wars and Princesses, Disney Now Has Six of the Top 10 Licensed Franchises". Variety. Retrieved December 2, 2013. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (May 2, 2013). "Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories". CNN Money. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "‘Star Wars,’ Marvel to Boost Disney’s Already Dominant Licensing Biz". Variety. 
^ "Disney, ABC Plan New Millennial Brand". License Mag. October 18, 2013. Retrieved May 23, 2014. 
^ Schuster, Dana (14 April 2014). "‘Frozen’ merch is making parents do crazy things". New York Post. Retrieved 16 April 2014. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (9 April 2014). "Disney’s ‘Frozen’ Dress Sets Off $1,600 Frenzy by Parents". Bloomberg. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ a b Rainey, James (June 29, 2015). "Disney Merges Its Consumer Products and Interactive Divisions". Variety. Retrieved July 5, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (September 17, 2015). "Meep Meep TV". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin". disneyconsumerproducts.com. Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Lieberman, David (December 15, 2015). "Disney Taps Courtney Holt To Replace Ynon Kreiz As Head Of Maker Studios". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Main, Sami (November 21, 2016). "How Disney Maintains a Strong Relationship With Its Millennial Audience". AdWeek. Retrieved January 4, 2017. 
^ Wallenstein, Andrew (December 20, 2016). "Disney Shifts Oversight of Maker Studios (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Spangler, Todd (2 May 2017). "Disney Sets More Family-Friendly Path for Maker Studios". Variety. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ a b c Lisanti, Tony (May 1, 2017). "Disney's Vision for the Future". License! Global. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ "Everything you need to know about new 'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' series". ABC News. April 13, 2017. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ Baisley, Sarah (June 21, 2007). "DisneyToon Studios Prexy Morrill Steps Down". Animation World Network. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (June 20, 2007). "Say "So Long !" to direct-to-video sequels : DisneyToon Studios tunes out Sharon Morrill". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Disney Consumer Products Public Relations (September 26, 2013). "Disney Debuts New Franchise Extension with Launch of Disney Princess Palace Pets App and Toy Line". Marketwatch.com. Business Wire. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin" (PDF). Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved 2015-09-16. 
^ a b "Disney plots out the ending for unit's KC call center". L.A. Biz. American City Business Journals. November 14, 2005. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m "Disney Direct Marketing". Chief Marketer. Access Intelligence, LLC. June 1, 1998. Retrieved February 9, 2017. 
^ a b "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Division of Corporations - Filing". Business Entity Detail. Delaware State Department Division of Corporations. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ Greenlaw, Wendy (August 7, 2015). "Disney Store's Memphis Distribution Center Sells for $27.5 Million". Memphis Daily News (VOL. 130 NO. 153). The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. May 28, 1997. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Vermont Teddy Bear settles dispute with Disney". Catalog Age (Vol. 14 Issue 11). October 1997. p. 7. Retrieved February 10, 2017 – via EBSCOhost Connection. 
^ "Disney absorbs Infoseek". Money. CNNfn. July 12, 1999. Retrieved December 7, 2012. 
^ a b Todé, Chantal (May 19, 2009). "Disney launches new e-commerce site". DMN. Haymarket Media, Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 







Polsson, Ken. "Chronology of the Walt Disney Company". KPolsson.com.  Missing or empty |url= (help)


^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*The Disney Touch, by Ron Grover, 1991.
*The Musical World of Walt Disney, by David Tietyen, 1990. Page 19.
Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
*Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 67.
^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 31.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page. 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 68.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 81.
^ "1932". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 107.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 108.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 70.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 197.
^ "1933". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's World of Fantasy, by Adrian Bailey, 1987.
*Microsoft Cinemania '95, 1994.
*Of Mice and Magic, by Leonard Maltin, 1980.
*Walt Disney - Hollywood's Dark Prince, by Marc Eliot, 1993. Page 76.
*Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 139.
*The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
*The Hollywood Studios, by Roy Pickard, 1978. Page 240.
*Walt Disney - When Dreams Come True, by JoAnn DiFranco, 1985. Page 29.
*Encyclopedia of Walt Disney's Animated Characters, by John Grant, 1987. Page 55.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 109.
*Disney A to Z - The Updated Official Encyclopedia, by Dave Smith, 1998. Page 553.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 185.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disney Magazine, Spring 2001. Page 80.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 127.
Walt Disney's Railroad Story, by Michael Broggie, 1997. Page 41.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 116.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Source: Disney Magazine, Summer 1997. Page 46.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 273.
^ "1938". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. page 186.
^ "1948". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 250.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 153.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
*Asiaweek, November 12, 1999, Volume 25, Number 45. Page 48.
* Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 473.
^ "1979". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 89.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source:
* Prince of the Magic Kingdom, by Joe Flower, 1991.
*Work in Progress, by Michael Eisner, 1998. Page 243.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, October 13, 1987. Page D26.
^ "July to December 1991". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, November 12, 1991. Page D4.




New York Times (The New York Times Company).


^ "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ Stevenson, Richard W. (May 4, 1990). "Disney Stores: Magic in Retail?". The New York Times. pp. D1,D18. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ a b c d Holson, Laura M. (August 30, 2004). "A Nike Veteran Adds Some Swoosh to Disney's Tired Mouse". The New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 
^ "Volume 146, Number 50736.". March 19, 1997. p. D6. 
^ a b Orenstein, Peggy (December 24, 2006). "What’s Wrong With Cinderella?". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 April 2013. 
^ a b c Barnes, Brooks (September 18, 2008). "Fuzzy Renaissance". The New York Times. Retrieved December 29, 2012. 
^ a b Barnes, Brooks (February 23, 2015). "Disney Names Robert Chapek Chairman for Theme Parks". New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 


Los Angeles Times. (Tribune Publishing).


^ "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. AP. May 28, 1997. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ a b c d Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 6, 2011). "Head of Disney Consumer Products group steps down". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ "Disney to Sell Its Retail Stores in Japan". Los Angeles Times. Bloomberg News. September 11, 2001. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ "Disney buys back store chain from Children's Place". Los Angeles Times. Reuters. May 2, 2008. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 14, 2009). "Disney toys get Pixar animation guru's touch". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C.; Rebecca Keegan (June 21, 2011). "Merchandise sales drive Pixar's 'Cars' franchise". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 10, 2011). "Disney names Robert Chapek head of consumer products group". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 20 December 2012. 
^ Miller, Daniel (May 7, 2015). "Leslie Ferraro named president of Disney Consumer Products". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 





External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media







Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store








Publishing and Digital Media




Disney Publishing Worldwide



Disney English
Disney Press
Disney Hyperion
Marvel Press (joint w/Marvel)





Disney Digital Network



Maker Studios
Babble.com
Disney.com
Go.com








Games and Interactive Experiences



DCPI Labs

The Muppets Studio


Disney Interactive Studios
Disney Mobile
Playdom





Franchises



Disney Channels Worldwide

Disney Junior
Darkwing Duck
DuckTales
Elena of Avalor
Gravity Falls
Kim Possible
Phineas and Ferb
Star vs. the Forces of Evil


Disney Fairies
Disney Princess
Disney Tsum Tsum
Disney Villains
Disney Interactive

Club Penguin
Disney Infinity
Kingdom Hearts
Where's My Water?


Frozen
The Kingdom Keepers
Marvel
Lucasfilm

Indiana Jones
Star Wars


Mickey & Friends
The Muppets
Pirates of the Caribbean
Pixar

Cars
Finding Nemo
The Incredibles
Monsters Inc.
Toy Story


Tron
Winnie the Pooh





Other



D23
Disney Vault






The Walt Disney Company










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Disney_Consumer_Products_and_Interactive_Media&oldid=790044696"					
Categories: Disney Consumer ProductsDisney franchisesThe Walt Disney Company subsidiariesDisney InteractiveDisney video gamesInternet companies of the United StatesSoftware companies of the United StatesVideo game companies of the United StatesEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaSoftware companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game publishersCompanies based in Burbank, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 2015Software companies established in 2015Video game companies established in 2015Hidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URL 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisPortuguêsTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 07:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media - Wikipedia






















 






Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Inc.





Type

Subsidiary[1]


Industry
Merchandising


Predecessor
Disney Consumer Products
Disney Interactive


Founded
000000002015-03-25-0000March 25, 2015[1]


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

James Pitaro
(chairman)[3]


Products
Books



Production output




Digital content
Video games





Services
Licensing


Parent
The Walt Disney Company


Divisions



Disney Licensing
Disney Retail
DCPI Games & Apps
DCPI Publishing and Digital Media





Subsidiaries



Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Store
The Muppets Studio
Maker Studios





Website
dcpi.disney.com


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI), is a segment and subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company that engages in merchandising of the Disney brand and Disney properties through licensing, retail, video games, digital applications and content divisions. The company was formed as a result of the merger between Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive.



Contents


1 Background
2 History

2.1 Disney Consumer Products

2.1.1 Franchise focus




3 DCPIMedia history
4 Franchises

4.1 Disney Bunnies
4.2 Disney Dragonkind


5 DCPI structure
6 Disney Shopping

6.1 DS history

6.1.1 Disney Direct Marketing
6.1.2 Disney Shopping


6.2 Catalogs
6.3 Services


7 References
8 External links



Background[edit]
DCPI's origins trace back to 1929, when Walt Disney licensed the image of Mickey Mouse for use on a children's writing tablet.[ChWDC 1] On December 16 of that year, Walt Disney Productions formed the Walt Disney Enterprises (WDE) division to handle merchandising.[ChWDC 2]
The Mickey Mouse doll production by Charlotte Clark started shortly after in January 1930.[ChWDC 3] The WDE division also hired George Borgfeldt & Company of New York as a licensing agent to make Mickey and Minnie Mouse toys.[ChWDC 4] Borgfeldt & Company in turn set to work developing other products, granting the first license to Walkburger, Tanner and Company of St. Gall, Switzerland, for Mickey and Minnie Mouse handkerchiefs.[ChWDC 5] That summer of 1930 Disney expanded WDE to England, granting a general license to William Banks Levy for Mickey and Minnie Mouse character merchandise.[ChWDC 6]
In 1932 Disney closed a merchandising contract with Herman "Kay" Kamen for sole representation.[ChWDC 7] Early on WDE began to show results. The company's merchandising made the Silly Symphony film Three Little Pigs (1933) the company's first profit-making animated film.[ChWDC 8]
In 1934, Disney licensing expanded to hand-crank toy projectors,[ChWDC 9] diamond-studded Mickey Mouse pins, Mickey Mouse toffee in England[ChWDC 10] and a Lionel wind-up train toy,[ChWDC 11] while a patent is received for Ingersoll-Waterbury Clock Company's Mickey Mouse watch.[ChWDC 12]
Yet more companies licensed the Mickey Mouse image. General Foods did so for one year and made $1.5 million on the Post Toasties cereal box. Mickey was the first licensed character on such a product.[ChWDC 13] Clashes with other companies weren't unavoidable, though. Disney filed suit on July 31 against the United Biscuit Company of America, Sawyer Biscuit Company, and the Chicago Carton Company for unauthorized use of Disney characters for animal crackers which lasted for four months and ended in Disney's favor.[ChWDC 14]
Disney signed on July 19, 1938 with Courvoisier Galleries, making Courvoisier Disney's original art marketing representative. In December, Walt Disney Enterprises was renamed Walt Disney Productions.[ChWDC 15]
In October 1948, Disney and Kay Kamen extend the merchandising contract, but only for the Americas.[ChWDC 16] In 1949, the Character Merchandising Division is formed with in Disney.[ChWDC 17] Also that year on October 28, Kay Kamen, Disney's licensing representative, died in an Air France plane crash over the Azores.[ChWDC 18]
With Roy Disney's split off the merchandising division from Disney Production, Jimmy Johnson became head of the merchandising division's publication department in 1950 and took on managing business affairs for the Walt Disney Music Company.[4]
Disney had a food division with product from bread to soft drinks, which was mostly discontinued due to its contract with ABC to produce TV shows and the need to not be in competition with potential advertisers.[5]
After Disney purchased the rights for Winnie the Pooh to make a 1966 animated short film, the company conceded to a broad licensing agreement with Sears, Roebuck & Co..[6] Stephen Slesinger Inc.'s Pati Slesinger found merchandise that Disney did not pay royalties on. The Slesinger then attempt to get the A.A. Milne Trust to abrogate its contract. In 1983, Disney paid Stephen Slesinger Inc. and the Milne estate to end the royalty issue and agreed to a new contract that lower Slesinger Inc.'s royalty percentage.[7]
In 1979, the Intergovernmental Philatelic Corporation of New York was licensed by Walt Disney Productions to make Disney character stamps for several countries.[ChWDC 19]
History[edit]
Disney Consumer Products[edit]

Disney Consumer Products





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Merchandising


Fate
split up


Predecessor
Character Merchandising Division


Founded
1929[2]


Defunct
2017


Headquarters
Burbank, California[2], United States



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Textiles, apparel and luxury goods[2]


Services
Licensing


Parent
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media
(The Walt Disney Company)


Divisions
Licensing[2]


Subsidiaries
Disney Store


Website
disneyconsumerproducts.com


Disney Consumer Products was incorporated with the State of California in 1986.[8]
The first Disney Store opened in Glendale, California on March 28, 1987.[ChWDC 20] On October 12, Disney agreed to a licensing contract with Mattel for a Disney Character infant and preschool toy line.[ChWDC 21] DCP purchased Childcraft Education Corp., maker of children's furniture and equipment, retail stores and catalog sales, from Grolier Inc. in April 1988.[nyt 1]
In April 1990, the 50th store was opened in Montclair, California along with the first Mickey's Kitchen fast food restaurant.[nyt 2] On November 11, 1991, Mattel and Disney extended the 1987 agreement, adding Pinocchio, Bambi, Dumbo, It's a Small World, and the Autopia to the toy line.[ChWDC 22] In March 1992, Disney Stores closed the two Mickey's Kitchen as the restaurants were only breaking even while well received by the customers as the company wanted to focus on overseas expansions.[9]
In 1994, DCP ended an exclusive licensing agreement with Sears for Winnie the Pooh. Three distinct product lines were created for Pooh: Disney Pooh, based on the Disney red-shirted tan bear cartoon version; 100 Acre Collection, a more upscale line for department stores and the Classic Pooh line based on the original A.A. Milne books' Ernest H. Shephard illustrations.[6]
DCP licensing peak in 1997 with 749 Disney Stores worldwide, operating income of $893 million and 4,200 licensees for mostly Winnie the Pooh and Mickey Mouse product plus some top animated movies.[nyt 3] Disney's and McDonald's ten-year cross-promotional agreement began on January 1, 1997.[nyt 4] In May 1997, the Vermont Teddy Bear Co. filed a copyright infringement suit against Disney over "Pooh-Grams" being similar to its mail-order "Bear-Gram" trademark and logo. Also, Disney Enterprises, Inc. sold DCP operating subsidiary Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co.[lat 1]
In March 1998, Walt Disney Records and Walt Disney Music Publishing were transferred out of DCP to Buena Vista Music Group in the Disney studio division.[10] By 1998, Pooh outsold Mickey Mouse $316 million to $114 million through November of that year in just-licensed-toy sales. By replacing Sears with 100 licensees including Mattel, Hallmark, Timex, Tupperware and Royal Daulton, DCP has since increased Pooh product lines from $390 million to $3.3 billion.[6]
Franchise focus[edit]




DCP office buildings in Glendale at Disney's Grand Central Creative Campus


With Mickey Mouse and other characters on products everywhere and a general retail decline in 2000, DCP had registered operating income of only $386 million.[nyt 3] In December 1999, Andrew P. Mooney became the head of DCP. He created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5][11] He also developed the Disney Couture fashion line, Walt Disney Signature furniture, a princess-inspired bridal gowns line, and lines based on the Pixar films, Toy Story and Cars.[lat 2] Mooney had DCP try an Always Fresh labeled women's nightshirts and T-shirts line which attempt to be more mature but failed. He also reduced the number of licensees in half, sold low sale stores and had staff actively pursuing licensing partners than waiting for proposals. For example, Mooney, worked to have Fred Segal, a high-end retailers, sell specialty products and opened a sales office near Wal-Mart's headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas. In 2001, Mooney lead a promotion of Mickey Mouse T-shirts by getting them into the hands of celebrities, which was a success. Also, Disney Publishing issued its first original comic book, W.I.T.C.H., which was successful enough to be adapted into an animated series.[nyt 3]
Consumer Products also begin expanding licensing in the food category in the 2000s. DCP agreed to a licensing agreement with Kellogg Company for a Kellogg's Disney cereal line launched in February 2002; Kellogg's Disney Mickey's Magix, Kellogg's Disney Hunny Bs, and Kellogg's Disney/Pixar Buzz Blasts.[12] In May 2003, DCP and Wells' Dairy launched a Disney-branded dairy line with a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products.[13] In May 2005, DCP licensed Krogers the Old Yeller name to sell dog food.[14]
The Japanese stores were sold to Oriental Land Company in 2002,[lat 3] while most North American stores were sold and licensed in November 2004 to The Children's Place.[lat 4] Disney licensed Motorola for cordless phones and two way handset radios in August 2002.[15]
For the first 3 quarters of 2004, Disney Consumer Products made $388 million in operating income placing the year ahead of 2000 and 2003. In May 2004, the Disney Cuties design (a more anime style) line was introduced with T-shirts. Mooney's major initiatives was to turn Disney into a lifestyle brand by relying on the Disney brand reputation instead of its characters to sell clothing and household goods with half the royalty percentage of the 10% for Disney characters. At Fred Segal in August, the retailer was test selling Snap watches, with swappable faces and wristbands, with Disney characters with hipper, urban designs. In Spring 2005, DCP planned to start sell pants and jean jackets under the Disney Denim brand with a cartoon whimsical elements.[nyt 3] On August 5, 2004, the Disney Dream Desk PC, designed by Frog Design and manufactured by Medion, began being sold at CompUSA and Disney online. DCP planned to release a camcorder and digital camera later in the year.[16]
Disney purchased the rights to The Muppets and the Bear in the Big Blue House franchises from The Jim Henson Company on February 17, 2004.[nyt 6] The two brands were placed under control of the Muppets Holding Company, LLC, then as a unit of Disney Consumer Products.[17]
In 2005, DCP has begun working with various Indian retail outlets to establish Disney Corners within the outlets to sell licensed merchandise.[18] Also that year, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While DCP eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male centric franchise to counterbalance the female centric Fairies by 2005.[20]
In 2006, the Muppets Holding Company was transferred from the Disney Consumer Products unit to The Walt Disney Studios with studio executives passing on oversight, the unit was placed in the special events group.[nyt 6][17] With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] DCP in May concluded a consumer products master licensing agreement for Indochina, including Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, with East Media Holdings Inc.'s EMHI Licensing Inc.[22] On September 26, the Disney Jeans brand was launched in India under license to Indus Clothing, who planned to open 30 Disney Jean stores by the end of 2007.[23] In October, DCP India franchised to Ravi Jaipuria Corporation the rights for five years to set up 150 Disney Artist brand stores and wholesale under the Disney Artist brand Disney character branded greeting cards, stationary, arts, crafts and party product in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives.[24]
In January 2007 two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies and Disney Dragonkind.[25][26]
In 2008, Disney purchased back its Disney Stores from The Children's Place.[lat 2] On June 5, 2008, Disney Interactive Studios is transferred out of DCP to the Disney Interactive Media Group.[27][28]
John Lasseter of Pixar became a creative advisor to DCP in 2009 after already assisting on Cars products. Lasseter pushed for an end to "label slapping", which is using a popular move to sell unrelated generic toys.[lat 5] The Disney Princesses franchise has generated more than $4 billion in retail sales worldwide.[lat 2] In post-Christmas 2009, Disney Pook-A-Looz, a plush line of Disney caricatures, was launched with its first set at Toy'R'Us with Disney Stores receiving them in mid-March 2010 with the Cheshire Cat selling well.[29] The Muppets were considered the best sellers of the second set of Pook-A-Looz over the expected “Nightmare Before Christmas” characters.[30]
In 2009, Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4.24 billion.[31] Josh Silverman, a senior executive at Marvel, was appointed Executive Vice President of Global Licensing for Disney Consumer Products and helped facilitate the Disney-Marvel integration.[32] In 2011, Disney fired Marvel Studios' marketing department[33] taking over marketing of their films beginning with the 2012 film The Avengers.[34]
The Cars sequel was approved for a 2011 debut despite the original being panned by the critics and one of the lowest grossing Pixar film as its licensed products have done well.[lat 6] Mooney stepped down as DCP chair in September 2011.[lat 2] With Robert Chapek being appointed president of DCP, DCP expanded its responsibility to include all retailing, distribution and licensing for Marvel, Pixar, video discs and video games.[lat 7]
Swampy the Alligator from Where's My Water? was the first Disney Interactive Media Group original character to get the merchandising treatment by 2012.[35] In 2012, Disney was the world’s largest licensor and number 1 in the entertainment category according to International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association for another year with an 80% market share and $39.5 billion.[36]
In March 2013, Disney sent a letter to its suppliers to have them by April 2014 pull any Disney branded products out of the five "highest-risk countries": Bangladesh, Ecuador, Venezuela, Belarus and Pakistan, based on a World Bank-governed metric report. This was announced in May after a Bangladeshi factory building collapsed. Haiti and Cambodia, which are also low-ranking countries, were allowable per Disney's new policy so long as the factories worked with the Better Work health and safety program run by the International Labour Organization and the International Finance Corporation. Bangladesh factories were liable to get work if they also partnered with the Better Work program. Disney also stated that less than 1% of its products were sourced from Bangladesh and even less from the other four countries.[37]
DCP began representing Lucasfilm brands in June 2013.[38] With the addition of Star Wars, Disney has six of the top 10 franchises: Disney Princess (1st), Star Wars (2nd), Winnie the Pooh (3rd), Cars (4th), Mickey & Friends (6th), and Toy Story (8th), with two more in the top twenty; Disney Fairies (11th) and Spider-Man (16th).[36] In October, DCP announced an arrangement with Wet Seal for an ABC Family character inspired Crush by ABC Family apparel and accessories line to reach the shelves in 2014.[39]
In April 2014, DCP was the subject of online criticism from numerous parents (through the Disney Store's Facebook page and other forums) for severely underestimating consumer demand for merchandise related to Disney Animation's 2013 blockbuster hit, Frozen.[40][41] DCP saw its profit increase by 22% for the 2014 year.[nyt 7]
On February 23, 2015, Robert Chapek was named chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts effective that day.[nyt 7] Leslie Ferraro, formerly executive vice president of global marketing, sales and travel operations of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, was named president of DCP.[lat 8]
DCPIMedia history[edit]
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media was formed in 000000002015-06-01-0000June 2015 as merger of Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive. The presidents of DCP and DIM were appointed co-chairs of the division while retaining the presidency of their subsidiary while Disney Publishing Worldwide would report to them as co-chairs. The units were brought together due to increase use of technology on the part of DCP with the announced Playmation toy system and digital publishing by DPW.[42]
In 2014, The Muppets Studio was transferred then when the new division was formed ended up as a part of the newly formed DCPI Labs unit.[43][44] On January 11, 2016, Maker Studios was placed under the control of Disney Interactive concurrent with the appointment of Courtney Holt as Maker head with the title of executive vice president.[45]
Ferraro left Disney eight months later in February 2016 with James Pitaro becoming sole chairman.[3] Disney Co/Op team was formed in 2015 to work with licensees and other partners for branded content like Disney Boxed (the reverse concept of Unboxing) with Hasbro about creating a toy.[46]
Content & Media department was formed under executive vice president Andrew Sugerman in early 2016 from Disney Publishing Worldwide, Disney LOL, Oh My Disney and other units. Maker Studio was transferred into DCPI Content and Media in December 2016. While former Maker head moved to Disney corporate strategy unit as executive vice president of media and strategy.[47] Disney Digital Network was formed by the May 2, 2017 Disney's Digital Content NewFronts with Maker, the former Disney Online websites, StarWars.com and other digital first content units.[48]
DCPI moved to address for all franchises three issues, expanding the audience, category expansion & product development and direct-to-consumer.[49] With Marvel and Star Wars, DCPI planned to push into the female audience. With Star Wars, DCPI partnered with Lucasfilm Animation for Star Wars Forces of Destiny which features female characters, premieres on DCPI's Disney YouTube channel and supported by apparel, books and toys including a new product type, "adventure figures".[49][50] DCPI has worked on aging up Minnie Mouse by working with several designers for product appealing to adults and young adults for primary the fashion field. With Ashley Eckstein's Her Universe, Disney Consumer had already work with on expanding Star Wars and Marvel products to girls and women. Now Her Universe is working on a Disney co-branded "athleisure" line for both sexes and Disney Princess.[49]
Franchises[edit]


Franchises launched[21]


Disney Princess (2000)


Disney Fairies (2006)


Franchises considered (2006)[21]


Disney Bunnies


Disney Dwarves


Disney Horses


Disney Mermaids


Disney Trains


Andrew P. Mooney of Disney Consumer Products (DCP) created the Disney Princess franchise in January 2000.[nyt 5] In 2005, Mooney formed the Disney Fairies franchise which launched in the fall with the Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg book.[11][19] In the early 2000s, DisneyToon Studios (DTS) joined DCP as their internal Disney conglomerate video partner in developing the new Disney franchises. While Consumer Products eyed other potential franchises, DTS looked to the Seven Dwarfs for a male-centric franchise to counterbalance the female-centric Fairies by 2005.[20] The Muppet franchise held by DCP, in Muppet Holding Company, after being purchased in 2004 and transferred out in 2006 to Disney Studios.[nyt 6][17]
With Disney Princesses a success and Disney Fairies just under way in 2006, Disney Consumer Products started looking into the next possible franchises (see table at right) with Disney Bunnies selected already.[21] In January 2007, two new DCP franchises were launched, Disney Bunnies with three books and Disney Dragonkind with a set of statues.[25][26]
Complications relating to the production of Tinker Bell, the debut film of the Disney Fairies franchise lead to discussion over the focus of DisneyToon Studios. Pixar leadership exerted control and affected Franchise projects at the production company. Tinker Bell's animation was scrapped and was restarted while two possible franchise projects were cancelled, "Disney's Dwarfs" and the "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales" line after the first DVD release.[51][52]
The June 2013 release of the Disney Princess Palace Pets app from Disney Publishing lead DCP to turn Palace Pets into a Disney Princess franchise extension with the release of The Palace Pets toy line in August from licensee, Blip Toys. The line was also listed by TimetoPlayMag.com for its Most Wanted List Holiday 2013.[53]




Disney Bunnies[edit]


Disney Bunnies


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Print publications


Book(s)


"I Love You, My Bunnies"
"Thumper Counts to Ten"
"Goodnight, Thumper!"[25]




Miscellaneous


spun off from
Bambi and Bambi II


Disney Bunnies is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on Thumper from the 1942 film Bambi and its 2006 followup Bambi II.[21][26] Selected as DCP's third franchise to be launched,[21] Disney Bunnies was launched on January 15, 2007 with three books.[25]


Disney Dragonkind[edit]


Disney Dragonkind


Created by
Disney Consumer Products


Original work
Licensing spin-off


Miscellaneous


Toys
statues


spun off from
Disney Movies


Disney Dragonkind is a Disney Consumer Products spin-off franchise based on dragons appearing in Disney animated movies.[25][26] It was launched in January 2007 with a statue of Maleficent (from Sleeping Beauty) in dragon form. Gentle Giant Studios sculpted the three first statues with the last two being: Mushu from Mulan and Elliot from Pete's Dragon.[25]




DCPI structure[edit]

Disney Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store Worldwide, Inc.
Disney Shopping, Inc., online and other direct marketing channels


Games and Interactive Experiences

DCPI Labs team[42]

The Muppets Studio (formerly Muppets Holding Company LLC)[54]




DCPI Publishing and Digital Media

Disney Digital Networks[48]

Maker Studios[48]

Polaris, gaming channel[48]


Advanced Media
Disney Social
Disney Co/Op, custom content[46] and all platform ad sales
disney.com
Disney Style[48]
Oh My Disney[46]
Disney LOL[46]
babble.com[46]
Disney Family (Family.com)[48]
Go.com: formerly GO Network
StarWars.com and Star Wars app[48]


Disney Publishing Worldwide




Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Shopping, Inc., formerly Disney Direct Marketing (Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc.; DDM), is the direct sales subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products, a segment subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company.[55]
DS history[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing[edit]


Fiscal
Year
sales
(million)[56]


1994
$65


1998
estimated $200


The Walt Disney Company purchased the Childcraft Education Corporation for $52 million from Grolier Inc. to expand its mail-order business and that the children's furniture and equipment area fit with the Disney characters' target market. Childcraft's mailing list would boost Walt Disney Family Gift Catalog's mailing list from 2.8 million to 8 million.[57]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. was incorporated on May 1, 1990.[58] In 1996, Disney Stores had started leasing land in the Southpoint Distribution Park in Memphis. In 1997, Disney Direct Marketing started operating out of a building built there by Clayco.[59]
Prior to December 1996, Disney Direct Marketing had sold the Playclothes catalog as they did not support the Disney brand. At that time, DDM had a in-house Kansas City telemarketing center and a warehouse in Memphis. In December 1996, DDM's HQ was moved from New York City to the main Disney campus in Burbank, California. Due to the relocation, the unit needed to restaff. Donna Bhatia was hired then as Disney Direct Marketing as vice president of marketing and new business development and was involved in the restaffing adding another 4 hours to her work day. The company added its first services then with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56]
The company added its first services in December 1996 with the Pooh Gram 1-800 gift service.[56] In May 1997, Disney Direct Marketing was sued over the service for copyright and trademark infringement of Vermont Teddy Bear Company's trademark mail-order "Bear-Gram" ideas and logo.[60] By October 1997, the case was settled out of court with an agreement that includes changes to reduce confusion.[61]
Also in May 1997, Disney sold its Childcraft Education Corp. to U.S. Office Products Co. for $14.6 million.[60] Disney sold Childcraft as the catalog did not support the Disney brands.[56]
Bhatia got the Disney Catalog distributed by the Disney Stores, which had not happen much before, which generated sales of $13 million at lower mailing costs. She then found that Disney had multiple (60) customer databases of which only five were used for catalog mailings. Combined the 60 databases had 20 million records that after removing duplicated records consisted of 10 million households. With the unified database, Disney started adding additional catalogs started in spring 1997 with The Walt Disney Gallery Catalog plus two more by June 1998. With the increased sales, a new warehouse was being build in South Carolina.[56]
With Disney's purchase of the remainder of Infoseek in July 1999, the Go Network, Infoseek, the Disney Catalog, Disney Online (Disney.com and DisneyStore.com), ABC News Internet Ventures and ESPN Internet Ventures and Buena Vista Internet Group are merged into the Go.com company.[62]
Disney Shopping[edit]
Disney Direct Marketing Services Inc. had changed its name to Disney Shopping, Inc. as it operated online with the disneyshopping.com domain. By January 31, 2006, Disney Shopping's Kansas call center was closed with some of the 250 employees would transferring to a Utah call center and few would remain until May 2006.[55] On May 19, 2009, disneyshopping.com was redesigned and relaunched at a new domain, disneystore.com, with the additional of Disney Parks and Resorts products.[63]
Catalogs[edit]

Disney Catalog[56]
Walt Disney Gallery (Spring 1997-) a twice a year collectibles catalog, which has also been sent to Lenox Mint, Danbury Mint and Franklin Mint catalog lists. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 2.5 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Disney Kids (by July 1998-) send to parents twice a year in August focusing on back-to-school and in September focusing on Halloween costumes. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 1.3 million copies per year and generating $3 million in annual sales.[56]
disneystore.com, formerly disneyshopping.com[63]
Pooh’s Corner (1997-) for the fans of the bear character. By June 1, 1998, its circulation was 4 million copies per year and generating $6 million in annual sales.[56]
Playclothes (sold by 12/1996)[56]
Childcraft (April 1988[57]-May 1997) educational products[60]

Services[edit]
1-800 gift service

Pooh Gram (December 1996- ) a parent can order a appropriately occasion dressed Pooh bear sent with a personal message. This service takes in $10 million in revenue per year.[56]
Mickey Gram - pending as of June 1998[56]

Club

Winnie the Pooh Flag - sends holiday flags on a regular basis, which did $10 million a year in revenue in 1997.[56]

References[edit]


^ a b https://businesssearch.sos.ca.gov/CBS/SearchResults?SearchType=CORP&SearchCriteria=Disney+Consumer&SearchSubType=Keyword
^ a b c d e "Company Overview of Disney Consumer Products, Inc.". investing. BusinessWeek.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ a b Jarvey, Natalie (February 22, 2016). "Disney's Consumer Products and Interactive Division Loses Leslie Ferraro, Promotes James Pitaro". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved February 23, 2016. 
^ Ehrbar, Greg (2006). Mouse Tracks: The Story of Walt Disney Records (First ed.). Jackson, MS: University Press of Mississippi. p. 8. ISBN 1617034339. Retrieved March 11, 2015. 
^ Aberdeen, J. A. (2000). "Disneyland". Hollywood Renegades. Cobblestone Entertainment. ISBN 1-890110-24-8. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b c Hirsch, Jerry (December 31, 1998). "Winnie the Pooh Gains Momentum across Disney Product Lines". The Orange County Register. Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Leonard, Devin; Burke, Doris (January 20, 2003). "The Curse of Pooh". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved July 11, 2016. 
^ "DISNEY CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. Entity Number: C1389445". Business Search. State of California. Retrieved 28 November 2012. 
^ Vaughan, Vicki (March 28, 1992). "Disney Restaurants To Close After Lackluster Performance". Orlando Sentinel. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ Newman, Melinda; Flippo, Chet (December 4, 1999). "Disney's Bet on Buena Vista is Paying Off: Other Divisions Revamped". Billboard. 111 (49): 3, 139. Retrieved March 10, 2015. 
^ a b c Grover, Ronald (September 6, 2011). "Disney Consumer Products Chairman Mooney Resigns to Seek Leadership Role". bloomberg.com. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Toops, Diane (February 1, 2002). "Kellogg brings magic to breakfast". Food Processing. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney Consumer Products, along with Wells' Dairy, Inc., launched a variety of new ice creams, frozen novelties and yogurt products". The Food Institute Report. May 26, 2003. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Kroger and Disney bring Old Yeller back after 48 years". Private Label Buyer. May 1, 2005. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Motorola reaches for kids with Disney". TWICE. August 5, 2002. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ "Disney to start selling personalcomputers for kids". St. Augustine Record. The Associated Press. August 7, 2004. Retrieved March 28, 2015. 
^ a b c Masters, Kim (October 20, 2011). "Kermit as Mogul, Farting Fozzie Bear: How Disney's Muppets Movie Has Purists Rattled". The Hollywood Reporter. pp. 3 of 4. Retrieved August 20, 2013. 
^ Bhattacharjee, Manisha (April 25, 2005). "Disney's Eisner, Iger in India; to meet PM & President". Indiantelevision.com. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b Petrecca, Laura (2005-08-26). "Disney hopes fairies will fly into girls' hearts". Usatoday.Com. Retrieved 2017-01-04. 
^ a b Armstrong, Josh (August 14, 2013). "Mike Disa and The Seven Dwarfs: How the Snow White prequel became a Dopey movie". Animated Views.com. Animated Views. Retrieved June 12, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (May 29, 2006). ""Disney Fairies" franchise gets ready to take flight". Jim Hill Media.com. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Disney's BVITV-AP brings 'Toon Disney' block to Vietnam". Indiantelevision.com. February 1, 2007. Retrieved March 10, 2014. 
^ "Disney Jeans launched, plans 30 stores". Business Standard. September 26, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ "Disney to set up 150 stores in India". The Times of India. TNN. October 12, 2006. Retrieved April 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d e f Hill, Jim (Aug 9, 2006). ""Disney Dragonkind" roars into stores & "Disney Bunnies" hops onto bookstore shelves in early 2007". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ a b c d Josh (August 11, 2006). "Bunnies and dragons unite for Disney Consumer Products". Animated Views. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Sliwinski, Alexander (June 5, 2008). "Disney's games and internet divisions merging". Joystiq.com. AOL, Inc. Retrieved February 27, 2015. 
^ "Boyd promoted at Disney Consumer Products unit". Daily News Record. July 30, 1997. Retrieved 9 December 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 6, 2010). "Pook-A-Looz give classic Disney characters a quirky new look". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Hill, Jim (April 29, 2010). "With new merch & a new movie in the pipeline, there's no stopping the Muppets now". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 6, 2015. 
^ Donley, Michelle (December 31, 2009). "Marvel Shareholders OK Disney Acquisition". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Josh Silverman". Disney Consumer Products. June 11, 2015. 
^ Finke, Nikki (August 23, 2011). "Disney Fires Marvel's Marketing Department". Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (April 19, 2012). "Disney Bets on 'The Avengers' After 'John Carter'". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Kohler, Chris (October 16, 2012). "How Videogames Are Changing Disney". Wired.com. Retrieved October 17, 2012. 
^ a b Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "With Star Wars and Princesses, Disney Now Has Six of the Top 10 Licensed Franchises". Variety. Retrieved December 2, 2013. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (May 2, 2013). "Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories". CNN Money. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Graser, Marc (June 17, 2013). "‘Star Wars,’ Marvel to Boost Disney’s Already Dominant Licensing Biz". Variety. 
^ "Disney, ABC Plan New Millennial Brand". License Mag. October 18, 2013. Retrieved May 23, 2014. 
^ Schuster, Dana (14 April 2014). "‘Frozen’ merch is making parents do crazy things". New York Post. Retrieved 16 April 2014. 
^ Palmeri, Christopher (9 April 2014). "Disney’s ‘Frozen’ Dress Sets Off $1,600 Frenzy by Parents". Bloomberg. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ a b Rainey, James (June 29, 2015). "Disney Merges Its Consumer Products and Interactive Divisions". Variety. Retrieved July 5, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (September 17, 2015). "Meep Meep TV". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin". disneyconsumerproducts.com. Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Lieberman, David (December 15, 2015). "Disney Taps Courtney Holt To Replace Ynon Kreiz As Head Of Maker Studios". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Main, Sami (November 21, 2016). "How Disney Maintains a Strong Relationship With Its Millennial Audience". AdWeek. Retrieved January 4, 2017. 
^ Wallenstein, Andrew (December 20, 2016). "Disney Shifts Oversight of Maker Studios (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Spangler, Todd (2 May 2017). "Disney Sets More Family-Friendly Path for Maker Studios". Variety. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ a b c Lisanti, Tony (May 1, 2017). "Disney's Vision for the Future". License! Global. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ "Everything you need to know about new 'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' series". ABC News. April 13, 2017. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ Baisley, Sarah (June 21, 2007). "DisneyToon Studios Prexy Morrill Steps Down". Animation World Network. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Hill, Jim (June 20, 2007). "Say "So Long !" to direct-to-video sequels : DisneyToon Studios tunes out Sharon Morrill". Jim Hill Media. Retrieved April 19, 2012. 
^ Disney Consumer Products Public Relations (September 26, 2013). "Disney Debuts New Franchise Extension with Launch of Disney Princess Palace Pets App and Toy Line". Marketwatch.com. Business Wire. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Kyle Laughlin" (PDF). Disney Consumer Products. Retrieved 2015-09-16. 
^ a b "Disney plots out the ending for unit's KC call center". L.A. Biz. American City Business Journals. November 14, 2005. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m "Disney Direct Marketing". Chief Marketer. Access Intelligence, LLC. June 1, 1998. Retrieved February 9, 2017. 
^ a b "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Division of Corporations - Filing". Business Entity Detail. Delaware State Department Division of Corporations. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ Greenlaw, Wendy (August 7, 2015). "Disney Store's Memphis Distribution Center Sells for $27.5 Million". Memphis Daily News (VOL. 130 NO. 153). The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ a b c "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. Associated Press. May 28, 1997. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 
^ "Vermont Teddy Bear settles dispute with Disney". Catalog Age (Vol. 14 Issue 11). October 1997. p. 7. Retrieved February 10, 2017 – via EBSCOhost Connection. 
^ "Disney absorbs Infoseek". Money. CNNfn. July 12, 1999. Retrieved December 7, 2012. 
^ a b Todé, Chantal (May 19, 2009). "Disney launches new e-commerce site". DMN. Haymarket Media, Inc. Retrieved February 10, 2017. 







Polsson, Ken. "Chronology of the Walt Disney Company". KPolsson.com.  Missing or empty |url= (help)


^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*The Disney Touch, by Ron Grover, 1991.
*The Musical World of Walt Disney, by David Tietyen, 1990. Page 19.
Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
*Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 67.
^ "1929". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 72.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 31.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page 205.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 106.
Disney Discourse - Producing the Magic Kingdom, by Eric Smoodin, 1994. Page. 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 68.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 73.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 39.
^ "1930". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 81.
^ "1932". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney - An American Original, by Bob Thomas, 1994. Page 107.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 108.
*Building a Company - Roy O. Disney and the Creation of an Entertainment Empire, by Bob Thomas, 1998. Page 70.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 197.
^ "1933". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:
*Walt Disney's World of Fantasy, by Adrian Bailey, 1987.
*Microsoft Cinemania '95, 1994.
*Of Mice and Magic, by Leonard Maltin, 1980.
*Walt Disney - Hollywood's Dark Prince, by Marc Eliot, 1993. Page 76.
*Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 139.
*The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
*The Hollywood Studios, by Roy Pickard, 1978. Page 240.
*Walt Disney - When Dreams Come True, by JoAnn DiFranco, 1985. Page 29.
*Encyclopedia of Walt Disney's Animated Characters, by John Grant, 1987. Page 55.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 109.
*Disney A to Z - The Updated Official Encyclopedia, by Dave Smith, 1998. Page 553.
*Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 185.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disney Magazine, Spring 2001. Page 80.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources:*Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 76.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 127.
Walt Disney's Railroad Story, by Michael Broggie, 1997. Page 41.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  sources: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 116.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  Source: Disney Magazine, Summer 1997. Page 46.
^ "1934". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 273.
^ "1938". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. page 186.
^ "1948". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 250.
^ "1949". Retrieved 13 November 2012.  source: The Disney Studio Story, by Richard Holliss and Brian Sibley, 1988.
Disney's World, by Leonard Mosley, 1985. Page 153.
*Disneyana: Walt Disney Collectibles, by Cecil Munsey, 1974. Page 237.
*Asiaweek, November 12, 1999, Volume 25, Number 45. Page 48.
* Walt Disney - The Triumph of the American Imagination, by Neal Gabler, 2006. Page 473.
^ "1979". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse - His Life and Times, by Richard Holliss, 1986. Page 89.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source:
* Prince of the Magic Kingdom, by Joe Flower, 1991.
*Work in Progress, by Michael Eisner, 1998. Page 243.
^ "1987". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, October 13, 1987. Page D26.
^ "July to December 1991". Retrieved 26 November 2012.  source: The New York Times, November 12, 1991. Page D4.




New York Times (The New York Times Company).


^ "Childcraft Bought By Walt Disney". The New York Times. AP. April 20, 1988. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ Stevenson, Richard W. (May 4, 1990). "Disney Stores: Magic in Retail?". The New York Times. pp. D1,D18. Retrieved March 7, 2014. 
^ a b c d Holson, Laura M. (August 30, 2004). "A Nike Veteran Adds Some Swoosh to Disney's Tired Mouse". The New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 
^ "Volume 146, Number 50736.". March 19, 1997. p. D6. 
^ a b Orenstein, Peggy (December 24, 2006). "What’s Wrong With Cinderella?". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 April 2013. 
^ a b c Barnes, Brooks (September 18, 2008). "Fuzzy Renaissance". The New York Times. Retrieved December 29, 2012. 
^ a b Barnes, Brooks (February 23, 2015). "Disney Names Robert Chapek Chairman for Theme Parks". New York Times. Retrieved February 26, 2015. 


Los Angeles Times. (Tribune Publishing).


^ "Vermont Teddy Bear Co. Sues Disney". Los Angeles Times. AP. May 28, 1997. Retrieved 6 April 2013. 
^ a b c d Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 6, 2011). "Head of Disney Consumer Products group steps down". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ "Disney to Sell Its Retail Stores in Japan". Los Angeles Times. Bloomberg News. September 11, 2001. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ "Disney buys back store chain from Children's Place". Los Angeles Times. Reuters. May 2, 2008. Retrieved 27 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 14, 2009). "Disney toys get Pixar animation guru's touch". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C.; Rebecca Keegan (June 21, 2011). "Merchandise sales drive Pixar's 'Cars' franchise". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 15 November 2012. 
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 10, 2011). "Disney names Robert Chapek head of consumer products group". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 20 December 2012. 
^ Miller, Daniel (May 7, 2015). "Leslie Ferraro named president of Disney Consumer Products". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 8, 2015. 





External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media







Licensing
Disney Retail

Disney Store








Publishing and Digital Media




Disney Publishing Worldwide



Disney English
Disney Press
Disney Hyperion
Marvel Press (joint w/Marvel)





Disney Digital Network



Maker Studios
Babble.com
Disney.com
Go.com








Games and Interactive Experiences



DCPI Labs

The Muppets Studio


Disney Interactive Studios
Disney Mobile
Playdom





Franchises



Disney Channels Worldwide

Disney Junior
Darkwing Duck
DuckTales
Elena of Avalor
Gravity Falls
Kim Possible
Phineas and Ferb
Star vs. the Forces of Evil


Disney Fairies
Disney Princess
Disney Tsum Tsum
Disney Villains
Disney Interactive

Club Penguin
Disney Infinity
Kingdom Hearts
Where's My Water?


Frozen
The Kingdom Keepers
Marvel
Lucasfilm

Indiana Jones
Star Wars


Mickey & Friends
The Muppets
Pirates of the Caribbean
Pixar

Cars
Finding Nemo
The Incredibles
Monsters Inc.
Toy Story


Tron
Winnie the Pooh





Other



D23
Disney Vault






The Walt Disney Company










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Disney_Consumer_Products_and_Interactive_Media&oldid=790044696"					
Categories: Disney Consumer ProductsDisney franchisesThe Walt Disney Company subsidiariesDisney InteractiveDisney video gamesInternet companies of the United StatesSoftware companies of the United StatesVideo game companies of the United StatesEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaSoftware companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game publishersCompanies based in Burbank, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 2015Software companies established in 2015Video game companies established in 2015Hidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URL 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisPortuguêsTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 07:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












About Us | Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media








































Skip to content






About Us 





LeadershipLicensingRetailGames & Interactive ExperiencesPublishing and Digital MediaCitizenship 
Close












ABOUT US






DISNEY CONSUMER PRODUCTS AND INTERACTIVE MEDIA (DCPI)
DCPI is the business segment of The Walt Disney Company that brings stories and characters to life through innovative and engaging physical products and digital experiences across more than 100 categories, from toys and t-shirts, to apps, books and console games. DCPI comprises four main lines of business: Licensing, Retail, Games and Apps, and Content. The combined segment is home to world-class teams of app and game developers, licensing and retail experts, a leading retail business (Disney Store), artists and storytellers, and technologists who inspire imaginations around the world.










Leadership 



DCPI leaders lend their experience and expertise across a variety of industries to bring Disney stories and characters to life through innovative and engaging physical products and digital experiences.













 

James PitaroChairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media









 

James Pitaro 

Chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive MediaJames Pitaro was named chairman, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media (DCPI) in February 2016, where he oversees the Company’s creation of physical and digital experiences across more than 100 categories.
Pitaro and his team bring to life the characters and stories of four iconic brands—Disney, Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel – through the world’s largest licensing business across toys, apparel and home goods; the world’s largest children’s book publisher; a robust digital game slate including mobile and console experiences; and approximately 350 Disney Store locations around the world.
Also under Pitaro’s leadership is the team at Maker Studios, as well as cutting-edge technologists who manage Disney’s web and social media presence. In addition, his team manages the Company’s relationships with retailers globally.
Pitaro previously served as president, Disney Interactive, where he successfully led the turnaround of the gaming and digital media division of The Walt Disney Company.
Prior to his roles at Disney, Pitaro served as vice president and head of Yahoo Media where he was responsible for guiding the strategic growth and continued development of Yahoo’s media properties, including Yahoo Sports and Yahoo Music. He was credited with leading those businesses to their positions as the number one online sports and music destinations. Pitaro was also vice president of business affairs for LAUNCH Media, Inc. and practiced law at several New York firms.
Pitaro holds a Bachelor of Science in economics from Cornell University and a Juris Doctor from St. John’s Law School.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Molly AdamsExecutive Vice President, Global Merchandising and Product Development, DCPI / Walt Disney Parks and Resorts









 

Molly Adams 

Executive Vice President, Global Merchandising and Product Development, DCPI / Walt Disney Parks and ResortsAs executive vice president, Global Merchandising and Product Development, Adams brings more than 20 years of retail and product experience to her role. Adams leads a centralized, integrated merchandising and product development team that spans business models for Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media’s licensed and vertical retail and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts’ merchandise. Adams and her team are responsible for delivering a consistent Disney brand message to consumers through a comprehensive range of creative, quality products that continue The Walt Disney Company's stories far beyond the theatrical or television experience.
Prior to leading merchandising and product development for DCPI and WDPR, Adams spent more than five years as part of the Disney Store leadership team, serving as executive vice president, Global Product Development; senior vice president, Disney Store North America; and vice president and general manager, Disney Store North America. Adams has an additional five years of Disney Store merchandise experience from a previous stint, for a total of 15-plus years at The Walt Disney Company.
Earlier in her career, Adams held leadership positions in various department stores, entertainment, and specialty retail organizations with a broad range of responsibilities, including design, creative, and merchandising. Adams is a member of the Dean’s Advisory Council for the Haslam College of Business at University of Tennessee, and has a Bachelors of Science in Business Administration from the University of Tennessee.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Luis FernandezSenior Vice President, Global Creative DCPI / Walt Disney Parks and Resorts









 

Luis Fernandez 

Senior Vice President, Global Creative DCPI / Walt Disney Parks and ResortsAfter several years of working at The Walt Disney Company (TWDC) in a freelance capacity, Fernandez joined the Company in 1998. As senior vice president of Global Creative, Fernandez is responsible for driving the creative direction and brand identity for DCPI and Disney Parks Merchandise.
Fernandez works with licensees and partners throughout TWDC to create a cohesive statement for the intellectual properties at retail and at the Disney Theme Parks and Resorts. He and his team also develop and implement guidelines that preserve TWDC’s product integrity in order to provide authentic storytelling and high-quality, innovative products to consumers around the world.
Fernandez leads a dynamic team of designers, artists, project managers, multimedia specialists and writers to ensure creative consistency across all lines of business and to enhance the overall consumer experience. Together, they drive the creative message of DCPI and Parks Merchandise through exciting design, artwork, editorial and branding to deliver innovative products to consumers in all retail channels globally. As a result, they reinforce the emotional connection between the consumer and the Disney, Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm brands.
A native of Mexico City, Fernandez is fluent in Spanish. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in graphic design from California State University, Fullerton and has completed post-graduate work at the University of Southern California.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Tasia FilippatosSenior Vice President, Communications









 

Tasia Filippatos 

Senior Vice President, CommunicationsAs senior vice president, Communications, Filippatos provides communications leadership across all of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media’s business units: Licensing, Retail, Content, and Games and Apps. In that capacity, she and her team develop strategies and programs to support DCPI's business objectives through a variety of communication channels including corporate communications, public relations, executive engagement, social media, employee communications, corporate responsibility, synergy opportunities and B2B communications.
Prior to her role at DCPI, Filippatos served as vice president, Worldwide External Communications for Walt Disney Parks and Resorts. In that capacity, she oversaw external communications efforts for the division's five theme park resorts around the world, Disney Cruise Line and Adventures by Disney.
Prior to joining The Walt Disney Company in 2008, Filippatos served in a number of senior level government positions in Washington, D.C., including director of Public Affairs at the Department of Justice, deputy assistant secretary for Public Affairs at the Department of Homeland Security and as a spokesperson for the Department of the Treasury. She began her career as a litigation attorney.
Filippatos is an honors graduate of Claremont McKenna College and received her law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Paul GainerExecutive Vice President, Disney Retail









 

Paul Gainer 

Executive Vice President, Disney RetailAs executive vice president, Disney Retail since 2013, Gainer leads the Integrated Retail organization that consolidates all North America retail channels into one seamless, integrated team across The Walt Disney Company, including the Disney Store business. He also directs global strategy for Disney Store Worldwide, across both physical and digital channels.
Most recently, Gainer served as executive vice president, Disney Store Worldwide, a position he accepted in May 2012. Previously, he served as senior vice president, Disney Store North America, and prior to that, served as vice president and general manager of Disney Store since 2008, when Disney reacquired the retail chain, and vice president and general manager for Disney's North America e-commerce division. He joined The Walt Disney Company in 2002 as vice president of merchandising and planning.
He applies his 20 years of multi-channel, retail experience and professional expertise to ensure all of Disney's retail channels are aligned and fully maximized to best benefit the business.
Prior to joining Disney, Gainer was the vice president, general merchandise manager & operations for Babystyle, Inc. in Los Angeles, CA. Gainer also held the VP, GMM role twice before; from 1999-2001 at e-toys, Inc. in Santa Monica, CA and from 1994-1999 at Store of Knowledge in Cerritos, CA.
Gainer graduated from California State University, Fullerton with a degree in speech communications.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Ignace LahoudExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer









 

Ignace Lahoud 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerLahoud was appointed executive vice president and Chief Financial Officer for Disney Consumer Products in November 2011 and for Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media in 2015. He is a 20-year veteran of The Walt Disney Company, with a wide range of experience across three continents and a range of functions including finance, strategic planning, business development and information technology.
Previously in his role as CFO for The Walt Disney Company Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Lahoud led the region's finance team, and played an active role in the integration of the company’s operating units under the EMEA integrated organization.
Prior to this, Lahoud served as the senior vice president and Chief Financial Officer for Euro Disney SCA, the public French company that manages and operates the Disneyland Paris Resort. He was a member of the management team that achieved a spectacular turnaround at the Paris-based theme park, following a financial restructuring in 2005.
As CFO for The Walt Disney Company Latin America between 2001 and 2005, Lahoud worked closely with global, regional and country teams to develop the company's first integrated international organization. From 1997 until 2001, Lahoud was based out of Disney's global headquarters in Burbank, CA as director, Corporate Operations Planning & Analysis. Between 1991 and 1997, Lahoud was responsible for several financial functions at Euro Disney SCA focused on the park, hotels and workforce optimization.
Lahoud has an MBA from the Madrid Business School and the University of Houston, Texas and is fluent in English, French, Spanish and Arabic.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Kyle LaughlinSenior Vice President, Games & Interactive Experiences









 

Kyle Laughlin 

Senior Vice President, Games & Interactive ExperiencesAs senior vice president of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media’s Games & Interactive Experiences business unit, Laughlin oversees all strategy, management, and operations for DCPI’s mobile apps and licensed console games. Laughlin also leads DCPI Labs, an organization devoted to innovation and the creation of next-generation consumer technology and digital experience and new business models across product categories.
DCPI Labs is also home to The Muppets Studio. Under Laughlin's leadership, The Muppets Studio has expanded the franchise and its content beyond films to digital platforms, short-form content, television shows, and additional opportunities that draw new audiences to the beloved characters. Laughlin's team was also responsible for the new Disney.com entertainment destination, which transformed the way Disney fans watch, play, create, and discover Disney online.
Prior to joining Disney in 2011, Laughlin served as general manager for Yahoo Sports & Games, where he led all programming, content, and business strategy. Laughlin joined Yahoo in 2007 and quickly rose to the top leadership position for the business unit from director of product management for Yahoo Games. As the product lead, he developed a unified casual and video game product organization, growing the audience, and improving monetization of its existing interactive products. Before Yahoo, Laughlin held several positions with top technology companies and consultancies.
A Chicago native, Laughlin graduated from the University of Arizona with a Bachelor of Science degree in Management Information Systems.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Garry RandallSenior Vice President of Human Resources









 

Garry Randall 

Senior Vice President of Human ResourcesRandall serves as senior vice president of Human Resources for Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media as well as Head of Talent Solutions for The Walt Disney Company.
In his role with DCPI, Randall oversees all Human Resources functions for one of Disney's most dynamic and high-growth businesses. He drives and enables business results for Disney's licensing, retail and gaming divisions through the development and deployment of key strategies, including organization design, talent acquisition and management, business intelligence, and new learning and technology initiatives. Randall and his HR team took the lead in joining the Disney Consumer Products and Disney Interactive organizations to realign under the new segment it is today.
In recent years, Randall has spearheaded key Company-wide HR initiatives that included leading successful organizational design changes across each Corporate function and realigning the Corporate HR team. Additionally, he led a number of high-impact initiatives, including a cross-segment team to launch Disney's first-ever global Employee Survey.
As head of talent solutions for The Walt Disney Company, Randall collaborates with business leaders and HR partners to design, implement, and continuously improve talent management strategies for Disney's 180,000 global employees. In this role, Randall has co-architected and successfully launched the newly formed Talent Solutions Center of Excellence (COE), instituted a progressive performance management approach to drive engagement and reduce hours of inefficiency, and launched an executive assessment insights program designed to drive development, mobility and succession for Disney's top 300 employees.
Randall joined The Walt Disney Company in 2005 as vice president of Human Resources for The Walt Disney Internet Group (WDIG). He established a business-focused HR function with enhanced recruitment, organizational learning and development, and business-partnership capabilities to support Disney's fast-growing Internet and digital media strategy. During his time with Disney, Randall has been instrumental in leading critical HR change and transformation projects, including establishing the WDIG HR function and leading HR efforts around the formation of Disney Interactive as the Company's fifth reporting segment in 2008.
Prior to joining The Walt Disney Company, Randall held a variety of HR leadership roles in high-growth organizations undergoing transformative change and rapid expansion. These roles were immersed in diverse fields including technology, financial services, retail and media, and entertainment sectors, ranging from Fortune 50 companies to private enterprise. He held positions at JPMorgan Chase, Walker Digital, Victoria's Secret, FeehanBarr Partners and HR Search and Consulting.
Randall holds a master's degree in Human Resources and Labor Relations and a bachelor's degree in Multi-Disciplinary Studies from Michigan State University. A former college athlete, he remains heavily involved with Michigan State University serving as Vice President of the Graduate School of HR and Labor Relations advisory board. Additionally, Randall is an active member serving on the University of Southern California's Center for Effective Organizations Advisory Board and the Corporate Executive Board (CEB) Talent Management Advisory Board.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Josh SilvermanExecutive Vice President, Global Licensing









 

Josh Silverman 

Executive Vice President, Global LicensingSince 2011 Silverman has served as executive vice president of Global Licensing at DCPI, overseeing the licensing business and strategy for the Disney, Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars brands across a broad range of merchandise including toys, apparel and accessories, home décor, food, cosmetics, stationery and electronics.
Silverman is focused on leveraging The Walt Disney Company's incredible stories, brands and characters into high-quality, innovative product experiences that tell a story and connect a broad consumer audience with the magic of Disney in new and exciting ways. Since joining DCPI, Silverman has also been integral in growing the business through new retail and brand collaborations in areas like fashion and technology that push the boundaries of creativity and expand consumer demographics.
Prior to DCPI, Silverman was senior vice president of Global Strategy and Business Development at Marvel Entertainment, driving growth of the licensing business domestically and internationally and playing a key role in brand management. He joined Marvel in 2001 as a part of the Business and Legal Affairs group.
Silverman earned a Bachelor of Arts from Ithaca College and a law degree from Brooklyn Law School.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Andrew SugermanExecutive Vice President, Publishing and Digital Media









 

Andrew Sugerman 

Executive Vice President, Publishing and Digital MediaAndrew Sugerman serves as EVP of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media’s (DCPI) Publishing and Digital Media business unit, which is the physical and digital media publishing business for The Walt Disney Company. 
Sugerman leads a global team of storytellers charged with creating stories across multiple formats and platforms. He oversees creative, operations, and strategic direction for the business and manages its $3 billion retail publishing, social media, digital products, digital influencers, and digital short form video efforts, along with commercialization channels that span retail, advertising, distribution, subscription, and more. 
Sugerman’s purview includes all global licensed and vertical publishing across books, e-books, mobile apps, magazines, and comics under Disney Publishing Worldwide and Disney Book Group; Disney’s digital publishing platforms across owned & operated channels (Disney.com, Oh My Disney, Babble, Polaris, StarWars.com and more); mobile apps; 3rd party social and digital media platforms that reach 1.5 billion fans; and one of the leading digital influencer networks. His group works in partnership with all segments of The Walt Disney Company to extend content for Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, Disney Channel, and ABC while creating new original properties across all formats. 
Sugerman joined The Walt Disney Company in 2007 as senior vice president and general manager, Disney English, which he quickly built into a thriving multi-location brick-and-mortar business in China with 30 learning centers in 6 cities. Under his leadership, Disney English set the benchmark for the way children learn English, combining storytelling and cutting-edge technology. He also managed all global learning efforts for Disney Publishing Worldwide, bringing licensed products to thousands of classrooms around the world.
He went on to lead Disney Publishing Worldwide, the world’s largest publisher of children's books and magazines with more than 700M products per year across a network of global licensees as well as numerous vertical imprints, including Disney-Hyperion, which is home to more than 300 best-selling titles in the past five years. 
Prior to joining Disney, Sugerman was the president of Europe and the Americas at EF Education First’s start-up, English Live, and in strategy consulting positions across diverse industries from telecom to steel. 
He has a degree in business with a minor in fine arts from The College of William and Mary, and received his MBA from University of Chicago. He resides in Los Angeles. 




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Robert VanderhydeVice President, Business Insights and Optimization









 

Robert Vanderhyde 

Vice President, Business Insights and OptimizationVanderhyde leads the Business Insights and Optimization team, where he is responsible for the Data, Analytics, Research and Portfolio Management functions within DCPI. As part of his role, Vanderhyde also oversees the Media Ad Sales and Operations team, responsible for media sales across DCPI’s various advertising-supported products.
Vanderhyde joined The Walt Disney Company in 2011 as business operations lead for Disney Interactive. Prior to joining Disney, Vanderhyde served in various finance and business operations roles at Yahoo, Inc.
Vanderhyde earned a Bachelor of Science from the University of Pennsylvania and a Master of Business Administration degree from New York University.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Mark L. WalkerSenior Vice President, Franchise









 

Mark L. Walker 

Senior Vice President, FranchiseAs senior vice president and head of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media’s Franchise group, Walker leads segment-wide programs aimed at expanding audiences, identifying opportunities and building lifelong relationships between Disney fans and franchises.
Prior to this role, Walker led product development, marketing, programming, content and operations for Disney's social media presence and Disney's network of digital gateways and content-delivery apps.
Before he joined The Walt Disney Company in 2011, Walker was the head of Yahoo News and Information properties. Under Walker's leadership, Yahoo News was transformed from an online news aggregation platform into a premier source of original reporting and premium original video programming. He personalized the Yahoo News experience for consumers through seamless front page, social and local news content integration. He also developed, produced and sold innovative video news programs, including many of the most streamed news video series on the Internet.
Prior to taking the helm at Yahoo News, Walker was the vice president of business development for Yahoo Media, responsible for leading the business development teams in entertainment, sports and lifestyle content. Walker was the Co-Principal of Oceanaix Ventures LLC, an investment and consulting firm focused on traditional and digital media businesses. He has also held top business and legal affairs positions for several entertainment media companies in music, film and television.
Walker holds a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School, an M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford, and a S.B. in Mechanical Engineering from MIT. He is an active member of the Media Arts and Sciences Visiting Committee for the MIT Media Laboratory.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Sarah WeisingerVice President, Office of the Chairman









 

Sarah Weisinger 

Vice President, Office of the ChairmanAs vice president, Office of the Chairman for Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Weisinger serves as a business advisor and strategic planner for the Chairman and senior executive team of DCPI. She provides insight and input into all matters related to the business; identifies opportunities and risks; and facilitates decisions across the segment. This position blends Weisinger’s deep expertise across a variety of disciplines, including business operations, revenue management, and human resources.
Prior to her current position, Weisinger led Human Resources for Disney Interactive where she was responsible for various HR disciplines across regional offices and studios. In her tenure, Weisinger led Disney Interactive through large-scale reorganizations and change management programs. She also worked with The Walt Disney Company Enterprise HR team to drive company-wide initiatives.
Before her role in HR, Weisinger led Revenue Operations & Strategic Services for the Disney Interactive Media Group. As Vice President, she was responsible for all areas of online ad operations for ABC, Disney and ESPN, including Ad System development, Advertising Account Management, Inventory, and Ad Production.
Prior to joining The Walt Disney Company in 2000, Weisinger worked for the Seattle Mariners Baseball Club and EvansGroup advertising agency in Seattle. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communication from the University of Washington.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Michael WhiteSenior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer









 

Michael White 

Senior Vice President and Chief Technology OfficerMike White was named senior vice president and chief technology officer for Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media in August 2014, and leads a team of technologists and innovators who bring the magic of Disney into the daily lives of families and fans around the world. Under White’s leadership, DCPI’s Technology organization is innovating to transform both consumer-facing and back-of-house programs and initiatives, and leveraging cutting edge technologies in new and different ways. From a unique approach to the Cloud, to cutting edge exploration of artificial intelligence and machine learning, White’s team is leveraging transformational innovation to change the way consumers experience The Walt Disney Company’s stories and characters.
Prior to his current role, White was the chief technology officer at Disney Interactive, where he led technical direction and platform development for apps, games, and much of the Company’s digital footprint. Additionally, he oversaw the development of a portfolio of consumer products, cloud infrastructure, business intelligence, data suites, mobile network and proprietary game engine technology.
Before joining Disney Interactive in 2011, White served as CTO and CIO of the Apollo Group, where he led the development of academic social networks, mobile applications, and the creation of an educational-adaptive learning platform for third parties and universities.
From 1999 to 2009, White worked at Yahoo!, where he held senior positions in product development, engineering, and global operations. Previously, White worked in technology at Geocities until the company was acquired by Yahoo! in 1999. White holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from The Ohio State University.




Download JPG





Download PDF











 

Suzanne WilsonDeputy General Counsel, The Walt Disney Company Chief Counsel









 

Suzanne Wilson 

Deputy General Counsel, The Walt Disney Company Chief CounselWilson joined the Walt Disney Company as Deputy General Counsel in 2011 overseeing the Company’s attorneys responsible for worldwide legal oversight of copyright, trademark, patent, consumer products licensing, online and console games, online properties, and antipiracy enforcement matters. As the head lawyer for Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, Wilson provides strategic legal advice to DCPI's executive management team and manages the group that provides legal support to the various business operations within the interactive media segment of DCPI.
Prior to joining Disney in 2011, Wilson was a partner at the law firm Arnold & Porter LLP. Wilson holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley, and a Juris Doctor, magna cum laude, from Harvard Law School.




Download JPG





Download PDF








 
					View More				






OUR BUSINESSES









Licensing The Licensing business is aligned around five strategic brand priorities: Disney Media, Classics & Entertainment, Disney & Pixar Animation, Disney Princess, Frozen & Tinker Bell, Lucasfilm and Marvel.
View More













Retail Disney Retail encompasses Disney Store Worldwide – which operates more than 330 stores and related ecommerce sites in North America, Europe and Asia – and Integrated Retail, which consolidates all North America retail channels into one seamless, integrated team across The Walt Disney Company.
View More













Games & Interactive Experiences The Disney Games & Interactive Experiences business is comprised of internally developed, licensed and co-developed mobile products, as well as licensed console video games. These leading, world-class experiences draw upon the most beloved stories and characters from Disney, Pixar, Marvel and Star Wars to create high-quality interactive game experiences, across mobile and console platforms, for fans of all ages.
View More













Publishing and Digital Media DCPI’s Publishing and Digital Media business unit includes Disney Publishing Worldwide and an extensive digital media network that spans mobile, video, influencers, short-form content, and micro-content. The business is focused on drawing a new generation into Disney stories and building original content IP and brands, while attracting engaged audiences across publishing and social platforms.
View More












Citizenship 



Being a good corporate citizen is a time-honored tradition at The Walt Disney Company. Through contributions, collaborations with local organizations, in-kind gifts and volunteering, Disney Cast Members help to strengthen communities and brighten the lives of families around the world.










At Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media, being a good corporate citizen also includes:

Focusing on the environmental stewardship of our products in collaboration with our top licensees through programs like The SmartPackaging Initiative
Promoting healthier lifestyles through Disney’s Healthy Living Commitment
Creating impactful cause marketing initiatives and content that inspire kids and families to join us in creating a brighter tomorrow
Reaching out to community organizations with product donations

 
Learn More

























