











Mercury Systems' Executive Management Team










































Company OverviewAbout Mercury Systems, Inc.Facts at a GlanceInvestor RelationsManagement TeamOffice LocationsTechnology InnovationsAcquisitionsCorporate Social ResponsibilityBoard Of Directors


Mercury Corporate Brochure
Mercury SystemsCapabilities Video
Career Opportunities
Technology Innovations
Contact Sales 





Awards and Honors
Mercury has garnered a long list of professional accolades for its many business and technical accomplishments. 
» Learn More




Management Team




 
   
MARK ASLETT
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark Aslett is Mercury's President and Chief Executive Officer, and is a member of its Board of Directors. He brings in-depth experience that spans the technology industry, across a variety of markets that include telecommunications, data networking, security, defense, and life sciences. Within these areas, Mr. Aslett has held strategic-level positions in or has been responsible for engineering, operations, marketing, business development, portfolio management, and general executive management.
Prior to joining Mercury, Mr. Aslett was President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterasys, and held various positions with Marconi plc and its affiliated companies, including Executive Vice President of Marketing, Vice President of Portfolio Management for Marconi Capital, and President of Marconi Communications - North America. Mr. Aslett has also held positions at GEC Plessey Telecommunications, and other telecommunications-related technology firms. He started his career at British Telecommunications plc as a software engineer.
A native of the United Kingdom and a naturalized United States citizen, Mr. Aslett has an extensive background in global business. Mr. Aslett has a master's degree in business administration from Harvard Business School and a First Honors bachelor’s degree in digital systems engineering. 
to top 

















































                     
                


 
GERALD M. HAINES, II
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Mr. Haines is responsible for the company's financial and treasury functions. He has extensive experience in corporate finance, strategic planning and execution, investor relations, and mergers and acquisitions, and has held senior executive positions in publicly traded companies spanning industries from technology and telecommunications to alternative energy and manufacturing. He also oversees Mercury’s security program and various compliance and risk management functions.
Mr. Haines joined Mercury in 2010 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development, becoming CFO in 2014. Prior to Mercury, he served as Executive Vice President at Verenium Corporation, a publicly traded company engaged in the development and commercialization of biofuels and high-performance specialty enzymes, where he played a key role in various corporate development, corporate finance and joint venturing activities. Previously, Mr. Haines served as Executive Vice President of Strategic Affairs of Enterasys Networks, Inc., a publicly traded network communications company, Senior Vice President of Cabletron Systems, Inc., the predecessor of Enterasys Networks, and Vice President of Applied Extrusion Technologies, a large manufacturer of plastic films and packaging. He began his career at J.P. Morgan.
Mr. Haines holds a bachelor's degree in Business Administration, magna cum laude, from Boston University, and a law degree from Cornell Law School.  
 
to top 














































                     
                


  
DIDIER M.C. THIBAUD
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

                        Mr. Thibaud is Mercury’s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, where he is responsible for global sales, product engineering, operations and other duties.
                    

                        Previously, Mr. Thibaud was President of the Company’s Mercury Commercial Electronics (MCE) business unit. He also headed up its international subsidiaries. Before joining Mercury in 1995, Mr. Thibaud was Technical Director and Account Manager for Horizon Technologies, where he specialized in the development of Services and System Integrations for European Defense and Commercial businesses. Previously, at ONERA, the French National Research Center for Aerospace, Mr. Thibaud spent several years managing research and development of DSP applications in medical and defense electronics, and was the engineering manager for multiprocessor systems that were used for tracking and surveillance radar. Mr. Thibaud started his career with CHU Lille hospital's center for medical signal processing research.
                    

                        Mr. Thibaud graduated from the Hautes Etudes Industrielles in Lille, France, with a degree in information technology. He also earned a D.E.A. (Diplôme d'Etudes Approfondies) in signal and image processing.
                    
to top 

















































                     
                


 
CHRISTOPHER C. CAMBRIA
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

                        Mr. Cambria is Mercury’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, responsible for the direction and management of Mercury's legal affairs, including support for mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance transactions. He has more than 30 years’ experience providing strategic oversight of legal and regulatory matters, managing major acquisition transactions and serving as a key advisor in rapidly growing business environments.
                    

                        Prior to joining Mercury, Mr. Cambria served as Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc., where he managed all legal and regulatory matters as well as the acquisition of Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne for $550M. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel at L-3 Communications Corporation where he managed L-3’s IPO and NYSE listing and completed over 100 M&A transactions including the acquisitions of The Titan Corp for $2.74B and Raytheon's Aircraft Integrations Systems division for $1.15B. He has also worked previously at the law firms of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson and Cravath, Swaine & Moore. 
                    

                        Mr. Cambria holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Seton Hall University and a Juris Doctor from New York University School of Law.
                    
to top 




                 


 
MICHAEL RUPPERT
Senior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development

                        Mr. Ruppert is responsible for Mercury’s corporate development activities, including strategy, planning and mergers and acquisitions. He brings a wealth of investment banking experience spanning mergers and acquisitions, capital formation, strategy development and execution, as well as transaction execution for a wide range of companies in the aerospace and defense markets. Over his career, he has provided strategic guidance and consultation on many marquee public company transactions in the defense industry in addition to advising public and private companies and investors on transactions of all types and sizes.
                    

                        Prior to joining Mercury, Mr. Ruppert was the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of RSPartners, LLC, a boutique M&A advisory firm focused on the aerospace and defense industries. Previously, Mr. Ruppert was a Managing Director at UBS Securities where he led the Defense and Government IT effort from 2011 to 2013. Before that he focused on aerospace and defense mergers & acquisitions at both Lehman Brothers and Lazard.
                    

                        Mr. Ruppert holds a bachelor's degree in business from the University of Virginia's McIntire School of Commerce and a Masters of Business Administration degree from the University of Virginia's Darden School of Business.
                    
to top 



















                     
                


  
CHARLES A. SPEICHER
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Charles A. Speicher, joined Mercury in 2010 as Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer. 

                        Prior to
                        joining Mercury, Mr. Speicher held various positions at Virtusa Corporation, a publicly-traded global IT services company,
                        including Vice President of Global Accounting Operations and Corporate Controller from 2001 to 2009. Mr. Speicher was Corporate
                        Controller at Cerulean Technologies Inc., a private software product company, from 1996 to 2000 prior to its sale to Aether Systems
                        Inc. where he served as Division Controller of Aether Mobile Government from 2000 to 2001. Prior to joining Cerulean Technology,
                        Mr. Speicher held positions with Wyman-Gordon Company, Wang Laboratories and Arthur Andersen & Company, LLP.
                    
Mr. Speicher holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Scranton and is a CPA licensed in Massachusetts.
to top 










                     
                


  
EMMA WOODTHORPE
Chief Human Resources Officer

                        Ms. Woodthorpe is Mercury’s Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), responsible for driving the Company’s HR strategy and partnering with senior leadership to design and execute a long-term human capital approach in support of company goals. She has more than 20 years experience positively impacting the visibility and performance of businesses and HR functions from Silicon Valley start-ups to large multinational corporations.
                    

                        Prior to joining Mercury, Ms. Woodthorpe served as Vice President of Human Resources for Xylem, Inc., a $4B public company, where she provided strategic HR leadership across multiple businesses. Previously, Ms. Woodthorpe has served in key HR roles at DuPont and Display Research Laboratories.
                    

                        Ms. Woodthorpe holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Human Resources from The Manchester Metropolitan University.
                    
to top 










                     
                














On This Page
MARK ASLETTPresident and Chief Executive Officer
GERALD M. HAINES, IIExecutive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
DIDIER M.C. THIBAUDExecutive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
CHRISTOPHER C. CAMBRIASenior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
MICHAEL RUPPERTSenior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development
CHARLES A. SPEICHERVice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
EMMA WOODTHORPEChief Human Resources Officer











                Mercury Systems Acquires Richland Technologies. Learn more











                Innovation That MattersTM







                Search
            














            If you wish to search
            Solid State Drives & Memory,
            RF, Microwave & Millimeter, or
            Information Assurance, please use
            this search page.
        





                Site Map
            



















Mercury Systems' (MRCY) CEO Mark Aslett on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Mercury Systems' (MRCY) CEO Mark Aslett on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.25.17 | About: Mercury Systems, (MRCY) Mercury Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MRCY)
Q3 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
April 25, 2017, 05:00 PM ET
Executives
Mark Aslett - Chief Executive Officer
Gerry Haines - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Jason Gursky - Citi
Peter Arment - Baird Equity Research
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust
Jonathan Ho - William Blair Company
Brian Ruttenbur - Drexel Hamilton
Kristine Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies & Company
Operator
Good day everyone, and welcome to the Mercury Systems Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Gerry Haines. Please go ahead, sir.
Gerry Haines
Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and thank you everyone for joining us. With me today is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Aslett.
If you have not received a copy of the earnings press release we issued earlier this afternoon, you can find it on our website at mrcy.com. We’d like to remind you that remarks that we may make during the call today about future expectations, trends, and plans for the company and its business constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by the use of the words may, will, could, should, would, plans, expects, anticipates, continue, estimate, project, intend, likely, forecast, probable, possible, potential, assumes and other similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to continued funding of defense programs, the timing of such funding, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen weakness in the company's markets, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in completing engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, changes in or in the U.S. Governments' interpretation of federal procurement rules and regulations, market acceptance of the company's products, shortages in components, production delays or unanticipated expenses due to performance quality issues with outsourced components, inability to fully realize the expected benefits from acquisitions and restructurings or delays in realizing such benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies, changes to export regulations, increases in tax rates, changes to generally accepted accounting principles, difficulties in retaining key employees and customers, unanticipated costs under fixed price product, service and systems integration engagements, and various other factors beyond our control.
These risks and uncertainties also include such additional risk factors as are discussed in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. The company cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which such statement is made.
I'd also like to mention that in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, during our call we will also discuss several non-GAAP financial measures, specifically adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share or EPS, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow.

Adjusted income excludes several items from GAAP net income. The excluded items are amortization of intangible assets, restructuring and other charges, impairment of long-lived assets, acquisition and financing costs, fair value adjustments from purchase accounting, litigation and settlement income and expense, and stock-based compensation expense along with the tax impact of those items. This yields adjusted income which is expressed on a per share basis as adjusted EPS calculated using weighted average diluted shares outstanding.
Adjusted EBITDA excludes interest income and expense, income taxes, and depreciation in addition to the exclusions for adjusted income. Free cash flow excludes capital expenditures from cash flows from operating activities. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP metrics is included in the earnings press release we issued this afternoon.
I'll now turn the call over to Mercury's President and CEO, Mark Aslett.
Mark Aslett
Thanks, Gerry. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I’ll begin today’s call with a business update. Gerry will review the financials and guidance and then we'll open it up to your questions.
Mercury delivered strong bookings, record revenues and record adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter of FY ’17. Our organic and acquired businesses including CES all posted strong results. We came in at the high end of our Q3 guidance on all of our metrics and we’ve raised our guidance for the full fiscal year.
Mercury’ total revenues grew 63% from Q3 of FY ‘16 to a record $107 million. We continued to deliver strong growth organically. Excluding the CES business acquired in Q2 revenues was up nearly 53% from Q3 last year.
Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated - consolidated basis was up 71% year-over-year ended more than 23% of revenue, one percentage point inside our recently updated target financial model. 
Our largest revenue programs in the quarter was SEWIP, Patriot, a large ground-based radar, Filthy Buzzard, Golden staff and Aegis. Our largest bookings programs in Q3 was SEWIP, F-16 SATA, Triton, Aegis and F-35.
In addition during Q3 we received a five year sole source, $152 million basic ordering agreement from the Navy for Filthy Buzzard. This is really important win for us, giving us great visibility on a major EW program for an extended period of time.
We also booked a second full rate production order for SEWIP Block 2 value to close to $16 million. The first full rate production order came in just two quarters ago, so receiving the second order within a year is very beneficial.
International defense bookings for Q3 including foreign military sales were up more than 2.5 times versus a ago, up total backlog exiting Q3 was strong, up 45% year-over-year, and our 12 month forward revenue coverage remains excellent.
There were three corporate highlights since our last call, our headquarters relocation from Chelmsford to Andover, Massachusetts, our highly successful equity offering and the acquisition of Delta Microwave. The headquarters move was successfully completed in early March as planned. I'm very pleased with how the new facility turned out and our employees seem to feel the same way.
 We’re also happy with the fact that we executed such a large and complex move with zero loss of productivity. The equity offering in January couldn't have gone any better, as a result Mercury is well positioned with a strong balance sheet and the capacity to continue pursuing our markets and content expansion growth strategy.
We continue to execute against this strategy by acquiring Delta Microwave just after quarter end. We expect Delta to be a great addition for Mercury, given its talented team, product portfolio and customer relationships, as well as the potential it brings with backlog driven growth, manufacturing cost synergies and tax benefits.

Delta Microwave is a strong position on the number of franchise US and international defense programs such as F-35, Paveway, MALD, Role ph River Joint that complement for Mercury's presence.
The deal brings us new capabilities related to high-power, high-frequency, active and passive RF components and subassemblies and in particular GaN solid-state power amplifiers. These new capabilities have scale and breadth to our core RF business, while expanding our addressable market.
Delta has strong relationships with space OEMs, supplying future manned spaceflight missions, as well as military and commercial satellite programs. These are new growth opportunities for Mercury and they also strengthen our core radar, EW and precision guided munitions market presence.
Delta has an outstanding leadership team that will remain with Mercury. We expect the business deliver higher adjusted EBITDA, driven by substantial revenue growth, as well as cost synergies in our fiscal year’s ‘18 and ‘19.
In addition to targeting manufacturing synergies. We plan to invest in greater levels of internal R&D, as well as manufacturing and test automation at Deltas Oxnard California plant, a world-class facility with capabilities similar to those of our Hudson New Hampshire AMC.
These capabilities are more and more important as our customers the major primes accelerate what we’re calling best flight ph to quality. The primes have experienced a number of issues with competing suppliers that are having difficulties right now and we’re picking up a significant share of this business.
Our customers are seeking to do business with a small number of high-quality scalable suppliers who can deliver affordability and innovation. In essence, the primes are looking for outsourcing partners that have the capacity to co-invest, white internally funded R&D and we’re doing exactly that.
In addition, over the past few years we've made significant investments in our manufacturing assets. We focus the majority of these investments on improving scalability, affordability, and quality. As highlighted this quarter, we continue to build out of our trusted manufacturing facility in Phoenix which we expect to be an important competitive advantage for us in the secure processing domain.
The facility achieved renewal of its DMEA trusted manufacturing certification, while also adding a DMEA design certification. Q3 also marked a successful completion of the ERP system conversion in Phoenix. This was the largest and most complex such conversion we've ever done contribute to an amazing job by the Mercury team.
Overall, we’re on track to deliver the synergies that we anticipated from the Microsemi carve-out transaction and to complete the integration activities on time and on budget. The CES integration is also on track. Now operating as Mercury’s Mission Systems International or MMSI, CES delivered a strong third quarter financially in terms of revenue, profitability and new design wins.
We continue to feel really good about the business, which brings us a magnificent team and world-class technologies in the safety processing arena. As we anticipated, we’re seeing great opportunities for that capabilities inside our customer base and MMSI on that first aid ph program is part of Mercury in Q3.
Turning now to new business. The level of new business pursuits and design activity remains the highest since joining Mercury. Our corporate strategy, the acquisitions that we’ve done and the capabilities in go to market model we developed are playing out extremely well. The way we positioned ourselves in secure sensor mission processing, the commercial business model that we operate and our trusted manufacturing assets are all reflected in our healthy design win pipeline.

Looking to our Q3 design win specifically, we made further progress on two large secure airborne processing opportunities. We continue to win new designs and penetrate in the missiles and munitions space, and MMSI one of major new mission computed design for a platform. Along with these design wins we are pursuing multiple opportunities in tactical EW and secure processing both in the embedded domain, as well as for the new Secure Rack Server that we formally launched this quarter.
The Secure Rack Server is an exciting product line for us. To comply with government program protection requirements, the primes are beginning to personalize [ph] purchase, specialized, security capabilities from trusted domestic suppliers Mercury among them.
Our is the only rack server that we know of which includes not only advanced security capabilities, but also ruggedization and a fully trusted supply chain for both hardware and software.
We directly target some of the market expansion opportunities we talked about in our investor day, specifically moving beyond the sensor into other mission critical computer applications such as command-and-control, as well as combat systems.
I’ve also mentioned that in the third quarter, Mercury began shipping the largest computing subsystem that we've ever built, it includes more than 20 racks sophisticated high performance computing capabilities for a large ground-based radar. All in all, an impressive effort by the team given the speed at which we’ve been able to design, develop and deliver the first shipments to our customer.
Mercury strongly positioned from an opportunity perspective as we begin the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘17. The strategic deals that we completed since FY ‘11 has substantially expanded our capability sets, as well as our total addressable market, it also enable us to provide a board range of affordable pre-integrated secure processing subsystems.
At the same time we successfully leveraged internal R&D investments, as well as acquisitions to build a best-in-class portfolio of products and capabilities. As a result, we're involved in franchise programs that appear to be well funded and are currently in or moving into production, while also winning important new designs.
We’re continuing to grow and diversify our program base, while expanding our content. Our broader program portfolio also means low risk and additional opportunities for growth. Going forward, we intend to remain active and disciplined in our approach to M&A, as we work to extend our record of organic and acquisition driven growth above the industry average.
We will continue to look for deals that are strategically aligned, have the potential to be accretive in the short-term and drive long-term shareholder value. As we do so, we'll continue to target acquisitions that expand our addressable market in aerospace and defense electronics and the scale of technology platform that we've built.
We remain focused on the key pillars of the business, RF and secure processing, while also continuing to assemble critical and differentiated solutions to secure sensor and mission processing. We’ll continue to acquire smaller capability lead tuck-ins, while building a pipeline of larger opportunities.
Moving to the industry conditions. We've begun FY ‘17 with another budget continuing resolution which remains in place environment in Washington. That being said, given our strong backlog and the high level of activity we’re sitting in our business, we remain confident in our outlook.
Our current high-level activity stems from a couple of trends, the first is the primes outsourcing more and as like to quality that I mentioned earlier. We designed our business model and strategy with these in mind and is clearly paying off. The second trend is what appears to be an active focus by the government in the primes to delay their supply chains, the means of gaining access to innovative and commercial suppliers, while making their solutions more affordable.

We view this is a positive, given that over time Mercury is moved up the value chain from a tier 3 to the mid-tier 2 level. Our recent acquisitions have made us more capable of providing affordable subsystem solutions. This in turn has allowed us to disintermediate less capable product oriented competitors. We’re seeing the results in our bookings, revenue and the strength of our design win pipeline.
Despite the continue budget challenges, we believe Mercury remains on track to meet our financial goals for fiscal 2017 and beyond. This means continued to deliver above industry average growth in revenue and profitability. We’re anticipating continued strong performance in the fourth quarter both organically and in our acquired businesses, driven by growth in our chosen end markets, major product lines and across many of our programs.
In light of Mercury's strong results through the first three quarters of FY ’17, the continued success of our integration activities and our strong backlog, we are again raising our full-year guidance. Gerry will take you through the outlook in more detail. 
With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Gerry. Gerry?
Gerry Haines
Thank you, Mark. And good afternoon, again everyone. Before I go through the financial results, I'll note that unless otherwise stated we’ll be discussing the company's financial results, comparisons to prior periods and guidance on a consolidated basis. The historical results include the CES business we acquired in Q2 of this fiscal year, but exclude Delta Microwave which we acquired early in Q4.
This is another busy and very successful quarter for Mercury. In addition to once again delivering strong financial results, we relocated our headquarters, completed a very successful capital raise and also finalized negotiations for the Delta Microwave acquisition to put a portion of that newly raise capital to work.
Turning to our financials, Mercury's revenue for the third quarter of fiscal ‘17 exceeded the $100 million mark for the first time in the company's history, even before taking into account the contribution of CES.
Total revenue increased $41.4 million to $107.3 million, up 63% from Q3 last year and just above the high-end of our guidance of $103 million to $107 million. Excluding the impact of CES, revenues would have been $101 million, an increase of $35.1 million or 53.3% year-over-year, which itself would have been a record.
International revenue including foreign military sales was 18.2% of total revenue compared with 21% in Q3 of last year. Revenue from radar and electronic warfare together accounted for 64% of consolidated total revenue compared with 87% a year ago.
Once again, this quarter the lower proportion versus Q3 last year reflects the larger and more diverse revenue mix for the quarter resulting from the addition of several new businesses and the associated expansion of our addressable market and revenue base.
Q3 radar revenue was down 16% year-over-year, while electronic warfare revenue more than doubled. Bookings for the third quarter kept pace with a record revenue totalling $106.5 million, up 32% from $80.8 million in Q3 last year and yielding a solid book-to-bill ratio of 1.0.
International and foreign military sales bookings represented 22.6% of total bookings compared to 8.2% in Q3 of last fiscal year. We ended the third quarter with a strong total backlog of $318 million compared with $219.7 million a year ago. Approximately $270.7 million or 85% of this total backlog is expected to ship within the next 12 months.
Mercury continues to translate this bookings and revenue growth into very solid profitability. Our gross margin for the third quarter of fiscal ‘17 was 47.3% at the top end of our Q3 guidance and around the midpoint of our target business model.

Gross margin was down one point from the prior quarter, reflecting changes in our Q3 sales mix. Q3 fiscal ‘17 gross margin also included a negative impact of approximately $0.3 million from the step up CES inventory valuations due to purchase accounting. This phenomenon will also occur IN next quarter when we include our latest acquisition Delta Microwave in our results.
Total Q3 operating expenses were $39.1 million versus our guidance of $38.1 million to $38.5 million and $24.6 million for the same period last year. The year-over-year change was primarily due to the incremental addition of the Microsemi and CES acquisitions.
Q3 operating expenses also reflect the company's ongoing investments to realize planned manufacturing efficiencies, as well as increased R&D investment in our newly acquired businesses as we boost spending to align with our organic level of R&D investment.
OpEx in the third quarter also included approximately $0.3 million of non-cash rent expense attributable to the lease of our new headquarters driven by GAAP lease accounting. This duplicative non-cash expense will end in May of this year when cash rent payments for our new facility commence and the lease for our prior headquarters site expires.
GAAP net income for the third quarter of fiscal ‘17 was $7.0 million or $0.16 per share. This compares with $4.4 million or $0.13 per share in Q3 last year. Adjusted EPS for the third quarter increased to $0.29 per share, up 16% from $0.25 a share in Q3 of fiscal ‘16. This is within our guidance range of $0.29 to $0.32 per share, even after the impact of the share increase resulting from our Q3 equity offering, which was not included in our guidance.
Excluding the impact of those additional shares, adjusted EPS would have been $0.33 a share, exceeding our guidance. The actual EPS numbers are based on approximately $44.8 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter.
In terms of adjusted EBITDA, Mercury continued to achieve strong growth, combined with improved profitability, driven by the synergies were realizing from the investments in our business integration programs. 
Mercury's Q3 fiscal ‘17 adjusted EBITDA increased 71% to a record $25 million, up from $14.6 million a year ago. This exceeded our Q3 guidance from $22.8 million to $24.7 million and at over 23% of revenue is more than four point [ph] into our long-term target range of 22% to 26%.
Turning to the balance sheet, Mercury ended the third quarter fiscal ‘17 with cash and cash equivalents of $270.2 million compared with $84.2 million a year earlier. As I mentioned earlier, we have since put a little more than $40 million of this to work through our acquisition of Delta Microwave.
From cash flow perspective, Mercury's operating cash flow of $24.9 million for Q3 of fiscal ‘17 was partially offset by $13 million of capital expenditures. This yielded $11.9 million of free cash flow compared with $2.6 million in Q3 of fiscal 2016.
As anticipated, our free cash flow was nearly doubled to $6.5 million we reported for the sequential second quarter of fiscal ‘17. Our forecast was for free cash flow to be stronger in the second half of the year than in the first half, reflecting a decline in capital expenditures coupled with strong operating cash flow.
Our current capital expansion projects have now started tapering off and were beginning to see the benefits associated with more highly integrated and capable business. Our Microsemi carve-out integration plan remains on track and we anticipate realizing the estimated $10 million of originally projected run rate cost synergies well within the timeframe laid out in our initial plans. As we indicated when the transaction was first announced, we expect approximately two thirds of those run rate cost synergies to be realized within the first two years.

Net capital expenditures for this quarter was somewhat lower than anticipated due to slight shifts in the timing of certain spending. This reflects only the timing of expenditures and the projects remain on time and on plan. Notwithstanding the timing shifts, we still expect Q4 capital expenditures to be substantially lower than in Q3 at roughly $7 million $8 million for the quarter.
Echoing Mark's comments, our equity offering in January was met by extremely strong demand and completed on favourable terms. Net proceeds from the offering were $215.7 million of which we used $40.5 million for the acquisition of Delta Microwave, which was completed on April 3rd, just after the close of Q3.
This use of cash is consistent with our strategy to take advantage of smaller tuck-in deals even as we continue to build out a pipeline of additional opportunities of various sizes. As Mark said, Delta Microwave is a terrific business in terms of the capabilities, market expansion, growth and profitability it brings to Mercury.
Delta’s backlog in our Q4 totalled more than $22 million, which puts the business on a trajectory for substantial growth on a year-over-year basis. At the same time, the deal creates opportunities for significant cost synergies in addition to the estimated $6.1 million net present value of the tax benefits associated with the transaction structure.
These cost synergies are currently expected to total approximately $2.5 million, nearly half of this amount should be realized in fiscal 2018 with 90% of it expected to be realized by the end of year two and $173 million of remaining capacity on our universal shelf registration. As a result, we are well-positioned to continue executing on our capital deployment strategy, supporting future growth both organically and through acquisitions.
I'll turn now to our financial guidance for the full fiscal year and fourth quarter of 2017. For purposes of modeling and guidance, we've assumed no restructuring and no acquisition or additional financing related expenses and an effective tax rate of 35% in the periods discussed.
The guidance also assumes weighted average fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 47.3 million shares for fiscal Q4 and 43.1 million shares for the full fiscal year.
In light of our strong year-to-date results, our robust bookings and backlog, our pipeline of opportunities and our acquisition integration efforts, we are once again raising our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full fiscal year 2017. We also expect strong positive operating cash flow for the balance of the fiscal year.
As we predicted earlier, CapEx reached its peak in Q3, although at a level somewhat lower than originally anticipated. We continue to expect our CapEx to taper off to more normalized levels over the next few quarters, reflecting the completion of the recent move into our new headquarters and the acceleration of our Microsemi and CES integration efforts, highlighted by the progress this past quarter and expanding the capabilities of our DMEA certified facility in Phoenix, Arizona. The Microsemi and CES integration plans, including the planned savings remain solidly on track.
With that as background, before the acquisition of Delta Microwave, we now expect our base revenue for the full year fiscal ‘17 to increase to between $400 million and $404 million, up from our prior guidance of $393 million to $400 million.
Including the contribution of Delta Microwave, we now expect Mercury's total revenue for fiscal ‘17 to be in the range of $405 million to $409 million. Total GAAP net income for fiscal ’17, including Delta Microwave is expected to be in the range of $22.6 million to $23.8 million or $0.52 to $0.55 per share.
We currently expect total adjusted EBITDA for fiscal ‘17 to be approximately $91 million to $92.9 million, an increase of 59% to 62% from fiscal ‘16 and at approximately 22% to 23% of revenue for the year well within the range established by our current target business model. Adjusted EPS for fiscal ‘17 is now expected to be approximately $1.08 to $1.11 per share.

Turning now to Q4 and doing the math based on our actual results for the first three quarters of the year. For the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘17 forecasting total revenue, including Delta Microwave to be in the range of $112 million to $116 million.
Gross margin for Q4 is expected to be in the range of 45% to 46%, reflecting the negative impact to purchase accounting inventory valuation step ups and modest changes in our Q4 sales mix.
Q4 GAAP net income is expected to be in the range of $6.5 million to $7.7 million or $0.14 to $0.16 per share. Adjusted EPS for Q4 is expected to be in the range of $0.26 to $0.29 per share. This estimate assumes approximately $4.8 million of amortization of intangible assets, $0.3 million of fair value adjustments from purchase accounting, $3.9 million of stock-based compensation expense and as previously stated 47.3 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter.
Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of $24.8 million to $26.7 million, representing approximately 22% to 23% of revenue at the forecasted revenue range. This includes $0.1 million of non-cash rent expense attributable again to the lease of our new headquarters, as well as modestly increased operating expenses associated with our integration and R&D spending plans.
In summary, we anticipate that fiscal ‘17 will be yet another year when the second half is stronger than the first half. Our content and market expansion growth strategies have positioned us well despite the uncertain defense budget environment.
 Our bookings in order flow are strong. We have substantial new business opportunities in the pipeline. We’re harvesting the acquisition integration synergies that we anticipated consistent with our original plans in terms of both dollars and time.
We're expanding Mercury's addressable market and driving profitable growth through disciplined M&A. Reflecting these positive dynamics, we believe that Mercury is on track for strong growth and solid financial performance in fiscal ‘2017.
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator, you can proceed with the Q&A now.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Gursky
Great. Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Just a quick...
Mark Aslett
Hi, Jason...
Jason Gursky
Housekeeping question if I might, you mentioned organic growth a few times throughout the discussion and through - and gives a few numbers. But I didn’t quite catch what you guys believe the underlying organic growth number was for this quarter?
Gerry Haines
So we said that the organic revenue total for the year was expected to be 400 to 404, which is a lift from our prior organic guidance, which did not include Delta of course.
Jason Gursky
Okay, great. And then just to know more further detail on the specific quarter?
Gerry Haines
We didn’t give more detail to break it out for the quarter, no.
Jason Gursky
Okay. That’s fine. Just wanted to make sure I didn’t miss anything. And then, perhaps just stepping back and thinking about some of the recent wins here, the opportunity set this year in front of us, as well as the more recent acquisitions.
Can you just maybe provide us a quick update here on the glide path to your margin targets and whether the timing on that remains intact or that you can pull it forward given the recent wins and the opportunity sets in the acquisitions, just kind of a general updates on the things that have gone on since you set those targets and whether that is moving things around to be honest?
Mark Aslett
Are you talking the adjusted EBITDA model that we have Jason?
Jason Gursky
Yes, that’s exactly...
Mark Aslett

Yes. So if you think, we’re 11 months into the acquisition of the Microsemi cave-out and when we did that deal, we took the opportunity arising target model to the 22% to 26% range. At the time when we announced the deal we thought that we would be able to get into the target model, low end of that range in the current fiscal year.
And I think as a result of the increased growth that we’re delivering in the business, both on organic basis, as well as the acquired business, as well as the success of our integration efforts, we think that we’ll be well inside of that range on a year-to-date – sort of by the end of this fiscal year. So we’re actually slightly ahead of where we thought we were going to be when we did the deal a year ago.
Jason Gursky
Okay. And do you think that that will sustain itself over the next 4 to 6 quarters, there is nothing unique about the recent wins, the opportunity set in front of you that would change your ability to kind of be solidly in that range from the point that you achieve it?
Mark Aslett
No, I think we’re in – I think we’re in a good spot. So we’ll continue to recognize the synergies for the work that we’re doing. Obviously, anyhow in this quarter, as well as next fiscal year, as Gerry said in his prepared remarks.
So you know, the target that we gave about 22 to 26 is obviously a multiyear journey like we done in the past and you know, we actually feel really good about the progress that we're making.
Jason Gursky
Okay. Good. Thanks, guys.
Mark Aslett
All right.
Gerry Haines
Sure.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst
Hey. Good afternoon. This is Benon, sign on for Seth.
Mark Aslett
Hi, Ben
Unidentified Analyst
I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about you know, maybe the risk of the current budget situation and you know, what kind of might happen to your outlook under an extended continuing resolution if we don’t get a budget by Friday and maybe what happens under like a full year continuing resolution?
Mark Aslett
Yes, we – given the backlog that we have and the programs that we’re on, we kind of looked it through the lens of a continuing resolution and we actually feel pretty good about you know, where we’re positioned right now, you know, hence also raising our guidance for the remainder of this fiscal year. So we feel good Ben.
Unidentified Analyst
And might there be any risk to like FY ’18?
Mark Aslett
Not that we see right now, but obviously we’re in the midst of our planning and we’ll have more to talk about it at our fiscal year ‘18 guidance on our next earnings call.
Unidentified Analyst
Okay. Thanks.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Peter Arment from Baird Equity Research. Your line is open.
Peter Arment
Yes. Good afternoon, Mark and Gerry.
Mark Aslett
Hi, Peter.
Peter Arment
Mark, you had some great contract announcements this quarter, is there a way to kind of break it down on a percentage basis of what – what is new versus what is kind of follow on. I mean, it looks like a lot that awards are follow-on or maybe the scope is expanded, so in and itself may be a new win. But is there a way to view that?
Mark Aslett
It’s hard to say, you know, in terms of the actual awards themselves, I mean, if you look at what we see hopping in a very high level, what’s driving the growth is really the industry trends that I talked about all in my prepared remarks, specifically the flight to quality, which is a pretty big deal and we are taking share and there is a number of specific things that either we have won or are in pursuit in the radar, as well as in the EW domain that you know are important programs for us.
The second one is clearly our customers are outsourcing more and you know, it’s not just about affordability that clearly seeking companies that are able to innovate and I mean, 

Mercury is a very innovative company and we’ve seen that on existing programs, such as Patriot where we continuing to chip away and win more business on the program, likewise on SEWIP, where again, we’re continuing to win more content on both Block 2, as well as Block 3.
The one that haven't really spoken a lot about, that I think is really in the early stages is the de-layering of supply chains inside of our customers, as well as the government, is they are seeking again greater affordability, and to gain access to more innovative companies. We think that this is a potentially significant opportunities for us longer term, as we kind of moved up the value chain from that tier 3 to mid tier 2.
Beyond that, what we’re also seeing is really growth in our five major kinds of market segments, its radar and EW modernization is alive and well. We’re seeing some great opportunities there. The move into the C4I with the introduction of our new secure rackmount server, we’re pretty excited about, we think that could potentially be faster time to money than some of the more embedded secure processing applications, as well with the acquisition of CES, we pick up some new market expansion and potential content expansion opportunities there.
The other thing that I would say that we're seeing is that we are clearly seeing demand for – in the missiles and munitions domain. I think in the short-term that is being driven by you know, higher use in theatre. But we’re also talking to our customers about the potential of bringing new capabilities to bear on some next-generation systems. And I think the final one is that we saw [ph] a pretty significant increase in our international and foreign military sales and that we expect to continue here.
So, I mean, without mentioning specific programs, we feel just based on where we’re at with the trends and how we've aligned the business, we’re in very good shape.
Peter Arment
Yes. That’s helpful color. And just on the international bookings itself, I think you mentioned it was up, I believe 2.5 times in the quarter. Is there an even specific there you can point to?
Mark Aslett
Yeah, I mean, on an LTM basis, international defense revenues, including FMS is actually up 41% year-over-year, Patriot, is a big piece of that, as well, you know, we’ve seen some strong revenues associated with [indiscernible] as well.
Peter Arment
Terrific. Thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Mark Aslett
Okay.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Michael Ciarmoli
Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe Mark or Gerry, just a housekeeping back to that target model. I think you talked a couple times about higher R&D and more estimate [ph] should we assume that you’re still going to be in sort of that a 11% to 13% range for R&D or just anything shift around given maybe that focus?
Mark Aslett
So we’re actually higher than that right now Mike, and may stay a little elevated that 11% to 13% is the longer term target for us.
Michael Ciarmoli
Okay, okay. On the continuing resolution, it sounds like you're comfortable with the revenue, but you know, the bookings you guys have been putting up have been pretty tremendous here, do you see any impact from an extended CR or budget environment hitting the bookings and you know, maybe even separately, do you think the bookings environment can hold sort of this volume that you’ve been running at?
Mark Aslett
So, I mean, we’ll see. We feel like Q4 could be a strong quarter for us, as we kind of look forward we haven't completed our planning. We do expect that the first half of ‘18 could be a little weaker than the second half and that is very consistent with what we've seen in the past two or three years, so really no change there. We had literally and probably in the last seven years. So we didn’t see any significant changes. I think that the rhythm of the business will be what it is being in years past.

Michael Ciarmoli
Got it. And then just last one for me on Delta, I think you guys said they had a $22 million, backlog, can you give us any color on how that’s trended and I think even the maybe the implied renewed run rate looks to be about $5 million a quarter, which seems to be up from where they were running, just want to make sure I got the math square on that?
Mark Aslett
Yes. So I’ll talk at it at a high level, then Gerry can kind go through the numbers to say. So the – it’s a great business. I think we are pretty pleased to been able to acquire. It’s audited to the capabilities that we have and so some great programs.
The business is on a pretty significant growth trajectory. We see the opportunity of harvesting some pretty significant synergies on a cost basis, as well as benefiting from the tax. And so you know, when you look at the price that we’ve paid on a net basis, we think we got a great deal. But I’ll hand it over to Gerry, who can maybe kind of enumerate some of the things that we see there.
Gerry Haines
Yes. So we highlighted some of the synergy side and the tax benefit side which are fairly substantial numbers relative to the size of that acquisition. So we think that's a nice way to go into it and that - you know, the uptick is certainly what I’d say not representative of the past for that business and that’s part of what made us interested in it. You know, it’s the size of that $22 million, backlog relative to the 12 [ph] revenue they had at December 31st is obviously a pretty clear in balance.
We diligence pretty hard when we look at the acquisitions to validate what we see is the pipeline of opportunities, as well as the technologies and capabilities that they have and so on and then we think about how can we leverage that inside of our channel.
So we like what we saw and you he picked up, you know, we expect about a $5 million revenue contribution for the year which is all Q4, which is the only period of ownership of that acquisition. So, kind of step function there if you will in the overall growth rate of that business.
And then as we begin to fork in the synergies over time, I mean, kind of harmonized with our model, some of that means we’ll invest like in R&D, some of it means we’ll take advantage of our channel and try to help them continue to grow in a way that they have. So we’re very excited about it.
Michael Ciarmoli
Got it. Thanks a lot guys. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Gerry Haines
Sure.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Jonathan Ho of William Blair Company. Your line is open.
Jonathan Ho
Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to start out in terms of the Phoenix facility and just maybe get a sense from you in terms of a little bit more color on what the strategic differentiation could come from that facility and you know, what it allows you to do differently than before you have the facility?
Mark Aslett
Yes. It’s a great question Jonathan. So the biggest thing is that is a sort of trusted manufacturing facility and if you move from just generalize processing into secure processing which you know is a major area of focus for us, more and more the government wants and our customers, the Primes want to be able to see that not only the technology, the problem to the technology, but as a trusted supply chain associated with it, in terms of the development and the manufacturing.
So we’ve had a number of customers kind of walk through that facility, literally and we’re still completing to build out and one particular customer on a very large naval radar pursuit that we’re going after literally walk out and said you guys are 15 years ahead of the other company that is the incumbent on the program. We clearly see that Mercury is leaning in, investing not only in RF, but also in the trusted manufacturing associate with secure processing.

So you know, for us it's something that we've been doing for some period of time. This facility came through after the acquisition of Microsemi and we’re pretty excited of the potential that it provides on the couple of major secure add ph one processing opportunities that we’re in the midst of pursuing right now. So you know, we think it’s an important part of our business model, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho
Great. And then just going back to the CR, I mean, it seems like your confidence level is much higher this time around relative to the last round of continuing resolution that we saw few years ago. I am just wondering you know, what is it about the business at this juncture, is it the backlog, what is it that's giving you that sort of stronger visibility and better control over the business?
Mark Aslett
Sure. So we clearly have got a much higher backlog than we’ve had in years past. As you know, that is been an area of focus for us because it’s a means by which we can de-risk the business. We’ve also said at our annual investor day, that we now have got a much bigger business. We’ve got many more programs, so we got greater program diversity and we’ve got more programs producing its higher rates than what we had in the past.
I think beyond that, as I said in my prepared remarks, we also feel that our business model is working extremely well. We are taking share and we’re seeing a lot of activity based upon the capability set and the investments that we've made.
So not to say that there isn’t risk because there is, but we feel that we’re monitoring it well and we wouldn’t raise our guidance with Q4, had we felt that we wouldn’t be able to deliver that. So right now we feel in pretty good shape.
Jonathan Ho
Great. Thank you.
Mark Aslett
All right, Jonathan.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Brian Ruttenbur of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Brian Ruttenbur
Yes. Thank you very much. Couple of quick questions. So just to summarize, you see no changes in kind of your near-term revenue, fourth quarter revenue, because of – or due to changes with the budget to CR, it again kicked down for the whole government fiscal year, what about sequestration, what about if the government does pass a fiscal budget by Friday and let’s say they call in a supplemental, give me some levers that oh, this is good, this is bad and maybe help me gauge by how much are not at all any of this in the fourth quarter?
Mark Aslett
Yes. I mean, ultimately it comes down to the to the programs that we have in backlog that we’re executing against you know, for the fourth quarter and as I say, we kind of went through and we scrub the programs themselves, so any potential impact with respect to a CR in Q4 and we’ve taken that into account in the guidance and we’ve obviously raised the guidance, you know, excluding CES and then we have Delta and then we are adding Delta on top. So right now we obviously feel comfortable and confident with the increased outlook that we have just given.
Gerry Haines
I think it’s important to note that when we talk backlog right, we are talking funded backlog and I think that's a critical point, it's unlike the sort of multiyear backlog that you might see in some larger businesses which are funded on a you know, the year-by-year basis. So it's just not the same.
And you know, it’s a biggest risk in a sequestration situation is – sorry, in a CR situation is lack of new programs starts, but as Mark pointed out we’re much more reliant on programs that are actually ramping up in production. So they are at different phases of their lives not new program starts for the most part.
Of course, we look for new program opportunities all the time, but you’ve heard us talk for a long time about content expansion, capturing share from competitors and so on. Those aren’t new program concepts, those are existing program concepts. So we’re heavily weighted on that direction and that’s what’s helped to fuel our backlog.

Mark Aslett
And you will see what happens when the administration submits the FY ’18 request which I am hearing is kind of in the mid May timeframe. So we’ll see what that looks like and we’ll compare what they submit with the internal plan that we’re in the midst of building for next fiscal year and beyond.
Brian Ruttenbur
Okay. All right, thank you. Just a follow up on acquisitions plans, and what are they in the near term, do you need time to digest before you make any additional large acquisitions or should we expect only small bolt-on as in $20 million in revenue size that side or do you feel prepared to take on large acquisitions at this point in time?
Gerry Haines
So as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we – the internal team that we have doing the integration is doing an amazing job. I mean, the speed at which we are converting legacy ERP applications and building out you know, the facilities with the new manufacturing capabilities that are important for us to continue or harvest long-term synergies, they are just doing great. The speed at which we’re able to move on the smaller ones is much more rapid. So we are doing a good job there. 
As it relates to the size of acquisitions, nothing is really changed. We’ll continue to look at the smaller ones, as I said on the call, as well as we’ll continue to look at building a pipeline of larger opportunities. That's why we went out and raised the money to be able to do both of those things.
Brian Ruttenbur
So, in summary, you feel prepared to take on the large acquisition in the very near term or do you need more timing to digest?
Gerry Haines
Well, you know, we’re busy with the two that we just acquired, but if the right acquisition came along, you know, we would take a run at it.
Brian Ruttenbur
Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kristine Liwag
Hey. Good afternoon, guys. It’s Kristine Liwag, calling in for Ron.
Mark Aslett
Hi, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag
Hi. As you move up the supply chain to be a mid tier [ph] provider, is there a structural difference in margins compared to being a lower tier supplier. For example, do you anticipate any changes in contracts, structure, or do you take on more integration risk or perhaps as a higher R&D or integration or investment required?
Mark Aslett
Not we see right now. I think that the value that we are bringing as we kind of move from modules and subassemblies into subsystems is that you know, we are in effect integrating our own technology or pre-integrating our own technology.
So you know, we’re providing better affordability to our customers and then doing it in-house. Our solutions typically end up being delivered more quickly at lower risk and you know, we’re already doing that, you know, it’s a big part of our revenues today and we don’t see a significant change as we continue to see that part of our business grow.
Kristine Liwag
And then – that’s helpful. And then maybe to clarify, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you have a $100 million in your revolver and $110 in your universal shelf filing. I was wondering is this before or after the Delta Microwave, acquisition?
Mark Aslett
So all of that is after Delta and its 173 left on the shelf that’s just untapped you know, issue ability if you will. The $100 million revolver obviously is something we can borrow and repay from time to time, but it's unused so far and then we have the Q3 reported number on the balance sheet, its little over $270 million of that 40.5 was used for the Delta Microwave acquisition.
Kristine Liwag
Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Mark Aslett
You’re welcome.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies & Company. Your line is open.

Sheila Kahyaoglu
Hi, good evening. Thanks...
Mark Aslett
Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Hey. How are you Mark? So I know it’s a little bit harder to quantify now that Microsemi is almost fully integrated. But is it fair to say excluding Microsemi and the organic profile of the business in the quarter was low double-digit?
Mark Aslett
So if you look at maybe on an LTM basis, I think, so actually – so I am not going to mention on a quarterly basis, but if you look at the underlying growth rate in the business itself, where its pretty consistent with what we’ve seen you longer term. So it's high single-digit, low double-digit.
Gerry Haines
Yes. As you pointed, Sheila, it’s a little bit unfair in a sense to try to segregate them, once we really lean into the integration activities. But you know, I think another way of saying it is, if you look at the pro forma combination of the two businesses based on historical growth rates, the total is growing faster than the pro forma total would have suggested on an historical basis.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Okay. Understood. That’s why the ranges giving out numbers. And I guess, as we head into 2018, how do you aid or have to quantify what your revenue growth is going to be as you think out year, but how do you quantify growth maybe or give us what you’re thinking what growth from versus new market share wins or additional wins?
Mark Aslett
So we’ll have more to talk about that next quarter, we’re really not going to comment on fiscal year ‘18 at this point.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Okay. And then I guess, just to follow up on one of the last questions that was asked, that you mentioned that you are just starting to go to market with the Rack Server offering...
Mark Aslett
Yes...
Sheila Kahyaoglu
I was just wondering, is this – if you go to, does the sales force go to market in the same ways, is there any change in - I guess, that you think about your target SG&A model is it still the 16% to 18% range?
Gerry Haines
Yes, there shouldn’t really be any change in our SG&A. I think the difference between this particular product and some of the work that we do in the embedded systems domain, this is more of a product sale targeting what we have discussed in the past where with the likes of IBM exiting the blade server marketplace and as our customers are seeking you know, more domestic capabilities and secure processing from trusted suppliers, that’s left a gap in the marketplace that we are seeking to fill with both our rackmount server, as well as our blade server opportunity.
And we’re seeing opportunities there in various market segments of large ground-based radars where historically we haven’t participated, launch surveillance platforms there to be used different types of computing versus what we have provided historically to undersea activity.
So these are potentially new areas for us with this the capability. So we’re pretty excited about the opportunities that obviously things take time, but right now based on the feedback that we've gotten, there is a definite market need and we’re well-positioned to fill it.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Great. Thank you very much.
Gerry Haines
You’re welcome.
Operator
Thank you. And Mr. Aslett, it appears there are no further questions. Therefore I would like to turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Mark Aslett
Okay. Well, thank you very much for taking the time to listen. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everybody have a great day. 
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Computer Peripherals, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All MRCY TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #46e06c40-6f4c-11e7-a2fa-a1b5e65f43db
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #470f9290-6f4c-11e7-8750-6d1937d3334f
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












 Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down - Blogs & Forums

































































Search QVC:







Back to Homepage






Cart0







Menu
Shop By Category
Top Finds
Deals
SHOP BY CATEGORY


Fashion
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage
Jewelry
Beauty
Electronics
Home & Garden
Kitchen & Food
Health & Fitness
Clearance




Today's Special Value
New Arrivals
Trending
Top Finds
Deals
Shop QVC TV







Departments

Accessories
Blazers & Jackets
Blouses & Tops
Dresses
Intimates
New Arrivals
Outerwear
Pants
Sets
Shapewear
Shorts
Skirts & Skorts
Sleepwear
Sweaters & Cardigans
Swimwear



Special Sizes

Petite
Plus
Tall

Clearance

Blouses & Tops
Limited Quantity
Spring & Summer
All Fashion Clearance

Specialty Shops

Athleisure
Children's Clothing
Contemporary
Junior Clothing
Men's Clothing
Must Haves



Shop by Brand

Breezies
C. Wonder
Denim & Co.
Dennis Basso
G.I.L.I. got it love it
H by Halston
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Linea by Louis Dell'Olio
Lisa Rinna Collection
Liz Claiborne New York
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Quacker Factory
Susan Graver
Women with Control
See All Brands






Women's

Accessories
Boots
Clogs & Mules
Flats
Loafers & Moccasins
Mary Janes
Pumps & Wedges
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All



Men's

Boots
Casual
Dress
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All

Children's

Infant (0-4)
Toddler (5-10)
Children (11-5)
View All

Specialty Shops

Clearance
Contemporary
Extended Sizes
Limited Quantity Shoes



Shop By Brand

Aerosoles
Alegria
Clarks
Dansko
Earth Brands Footwear
Easy Street
Fly London
Franco Sarto
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Marc Fisher
Rykä
Skechers
Sole Society
Spring Step
Vionic
See All Brands






Handbags

Backpacks
Clutches
Crossbody Bags 
Handbag Accessories
Hobo Bags
Satchels
Shoulder Bags
Tote Bags
Wallets
Wristlets
View All Handbags

Specialty Shops

Clearance
Contemporary Handbags
RFID Accessories



Luggage

Carry On Luggage
Cosmetic Cases
Duffel Bags
Luggage Sets
Rolling Luggage
Travel Accessories
Travel Backpacks
Weekender Bags
View All Luggage

Tech Cases & Accessories

Laptop Bags & Cases 
Phone Cases
Tablet Cases
View All Tech Cases & Accessories 



Shop by Brand

Aimee Kestenberg
Dooney & Bourke
Dooney Sports MLB Collection
G.I.L.I. got it love it
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Lug
orYANY
Tignanello
Travelon
Vera Bradley
See All Brands






Departments

Ankle Bracelets
Bracelets
Earrings
Fashion Jewelry
Necklaces
Pendants
Rings
Watches

Clearance

Gold
Judith Ripka
Rings
Sterling Silver
All Jewelry Clearance



Shop by Material

Bronze
Diamond
Diamonique
Gemstone
Gold
Pearl
Sterling Silver

Specialty Shops

Bridal Jewelry
Designer Jewelry Studio
Inspirational Jewelry
Men's
Personalized Jewelry



Shop by Designer & Brand

Affinity Diamond Jewelry
American West
Barbara Bixby
Carolyn Pollack
Diamonique
Extraordinary Life
Honora
JAI
Judith Ripka
My Saint My Hero
Steel by Design
See All Brands






Departments

Bath & Body
Beauty Tools
Dental Care
Fragrance
Hair Care
Hair Styling Tools
Makeup
Men's Grooming
Nail Care
Skin Care



Specialty Shops

Auto-Delivery
Makeup Offers
New Arrivals
QVC Beauty Boxes
Starter Kits
Super Sizes
Value Kits



Shop by Brand

bareMinerals
Bobbi Brown
Calista
Dr. Denese
IT Cosmetics
Josie Maran
Laura Geller
Mally Beauty
Perricone MD
Peter Thomas Roth
philosophy
tarte
TATCHA
WEN by Chaz Dean
See All Brands






Departments

Audio
Cameras & Camcorders
Computers
GPS Navigation & Car
Home Office
Home Theater
Major Appliances
Movies & Music
Phones
Portable Chargers
Tablets & eReaders
Televisions
Video Games
Electronics Clearance



Video Game Platform

Gaming PCs
Nintendo
Playstation
Xbox

Service Provider

Boost Mobile
Unlocked Phones
Virgin Mobile

Related Categories

Drones
Tech Cases & Accessories
Wearable Technology



Shop by Brand

Acer
Amazon
Apple
Asus
Beats by Dre
Bose
Canon
Dell
GoPro
HALO
HP
LG
Samsung
Sharp
See All Brands






Home Décor

Bath
Bedding
Candles & Scents
Decorative Accents
Furniture
Holiday & Party
Indoor Lighting
Mattresses
Rugs & Mats

Patio & Garden

Garden Center
Outdoor Living



Home Improvement

Heating & Cooling
Home Projects & Tools
Laundry & Storage
Major Appliances
Vacuums & Cleaning

Toys & Leisure

Books
Crafts & Scrapbooking
Pet Supplies
Sports Fan Shop
Toys


All For The Home Clearance



Shop by Brand

Cottage Farms
Dyson
ED On Air by Ellen DeGeneres
La-Z-Boy
Lori Greiner
Luminara
Northern Nights
Roberta's
Scott Living
Serta
Shark
Valerie Parr Hill
See All Brands






Kitchen

Bakeware
Cookbooks
Cookware
Grills & Smokers
Small Appliances
Major Appliances
Kitchen Tools
Knives
Storage & Organization

Kitchen Clearance

Recipes and More

In the Kitchen with David
QVC Recipes



Food

Appetizers & Snacks
Condiments & Sides
Beverages
Meat & Poultry
Seafood
Desserts
Specialty Diet
Wine
View All Food



Shop by Brand

Cheryl's
Circulon
Cook's Essentials
Emeril
FoodSaver
Keurig
KitchenAid
Le Creuset
Lenox
Lock & Lock
Masterbuilt
Ninja
Rachael Ray
Temp-tations
Vitamix
See All Brands






Departments

Fitness Equipment & DVDs
Personal Care
Vitamins & Supplements
Wearable Technology
Weight Management Support
Health & Fitness Clearance



Shop by Brand

AeroPilates
Bodyblade
BodyGym
Fitbit
Flexbelt
Nature's Code
Nutrisystem
Re-Body
Sunny Health & Fitness
Total Gym
See All Brands






Departments

Beauty
Electronics
Fashion
Health & Fitness
Home & Garden
Jewelry
Kitchen & Food
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage

More Clearance

As Is Products
Just Reduced
Last Clicks



Shop Clearance By Brand

Bronzo Italia
Denim & Co.
Dooney & Bourke
Honora
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Judith Ripka
Liz Claiborne New York
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Northern Nights
Quacker Factory
Steel by Design
Susan Graver
Temp-tations
Vera Bradley

















QVC : 


Blogs & Forums


:


Forums


:


Home


:


Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down








Home




Sign In
·
Help






 Community Menu








Blogs & Forums


Forums


My Favorite Brand


bareMinerals


Carolyn Pollack


Denim & Co


Dooney & Bourke


Isaac Mizrahi Live!


Judith Ripka


Laura Geller


Linea by Louis Dell'Olio


LOGO by Lori Goldstein


Nick Chavez


philosophy


Quacker Factory


Susan Graver


Temp-tations


WEN


Welcome Get Started


Today's Special Value


Beauty


Fashion


Handbags


Shoes


Jewelry


Kitchen


Recipes


Home


Holiday


Garden


Electronics


Wellness


Sports


TV and Movies


Book Club


Pet Lovers


Mom to Mom


Community Chat


Among Friends


Travel


Q Talk


Suggestion Box


Customer Care


Blogs
 
 Quick links

Sign In
Help
Standards

 








View All Forum Topics

View All Blogs





























CommunityCategoryBoardUsers





turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Do you mean 















 




Reply


Topic Options



Mark Topic as New
Mark Topic as Read




Float this Topic for Current User




Printer Friendly Page












Forum Listing





Previous Topic




Next Topic








 















Previous






1

2





Next













 
 






 










wismiss


Trusted Contributor




Posts: 1,382

				Registered:
				
‎03-10-2010












Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-15-2016
10:40 PM




There are a few Don Aslett products here on QVC so if there is something you want, I would suggest you purchase it.  His website and mail order business is going to close at the end of March, after 30 years.  Some products are reduced and there is a reduced shipping charge if your order meets the minimum purchase.

	“I can do things you cannot, you can do things I cannot; together we can do great things.” St.Teresa of Calcutta













Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 1 of 18

(2,051 Views)

















Reply






	
			5
		

	 Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










ValuSkr


Esteemed Contributor




Posts: 5,687

				Registered:
				
‎03-15-2014












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down

				[ Edited ]
				










Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-15-2016
10:50 PM
 - edited 
‎03-15-2016
10:51 PM




Thank you for the update.  Here's how Don explains it on the website: "It was a difficult decision, but the rising costs of shipping have made it very hard for us to offer our products at a competitive price with affordable shipping rates. We will continue to offer your favorite items through our stores and web sites other than our own. More information on how you can purchase Don Aslett products in the future will become available as we finalize the details. Please continue to watch for e-mails regarding this subject."










Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 2 of 18

(1,980 Views)

















Reply






	
			2
		

	 Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










J Town Girl


Super Contributor




Posts: 436

				Registered:
				
‎06-13-2011












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-15-2016
11:47 PM




When he first came to QVC I purchased several of his outdoor mats.  They lasted for years.  When they finally wore out I purchased two more and they were so cheaply made.   Within a few weeks the seams started to come apart and I ended up cutting both of them in half and thereby having two much smaller mat on my front and back door than I wanted.  The mats quickly deteriorated and within two months I just threw them away. After that I  lost confidence in the company and I don't think I purchased any other items.  I kind of wonder if the decrease in quality of his products might be part of the reason that his website is closing down.  I know he states it's due to shipping costs but still who knows!










Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 3 of 18

(1,804 Views)

















Reply






	
			0
		

	Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










Kachina624


Honored Contributor




Posts: 21,059

				Registered:
				
‎03-10-2010












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-16-2016
01:09 AM




That's too bad because I always got quality products from this company.  I have one of the good doormats still in the box to use.

	New Mexico☀️Land Of Enchantment











Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 4 of 18

(1,714 Views)

















Reply






	
			1
		

	Heart





























 

















 
 






 










mominohio


Honored Contributor




Posts: 11,753

				Registered:
				
‎08-08-2010












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-16-2016
11:02 AM




J Town Girl wrote:When he first came to QVC I purchased several of his outdoor mats.  They lasted for years.  When they finally wore out I purchased two more and they were so cheaply made.   Within a few weeks the seams started to come apart and I ended up cutting both of them in half and thereby having two much smaller mat on my front and back door than I wanted.  The mats quickly deteriorated and within two months I just threw them away. After that I  lost confidence in the company and I don't think I purchased any other items.  I kind of wonder if the decrease in quality of his products might be part of the reason that his website is closing down.  I know he states it's due to shipping costs but still who knows!@J Town Girl This is what has happened to countless companies over the last couple of decades. They cheapen the quality of the product to maintain a price point, but in the end customers remember the better quality, and reduce or stop their buying. I'd gladly pay more to keep the great quality. I wonder if this might just be the beginning of the end of their line of products. Thanks OP for the heads up. I'll see if there are any things that me or my mom might want to stock up on, just in case.










Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 5 of 18

(1,428 Views)

















Reply






	
			4
		

	 Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










Brooklynny


Valued Contributor




Posts: 619

				Registered:
				
‎07-08-2010












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-16-2016
12:38 PM




@mominohio is right.  It's a Catch 22.  Manufacturing costs go up all the time regardless of the country of manufacture.  To maintain the quality of a product, you have to raise the price.  Customers balk, demand lower prices, or decide not to buy.  The company then reduces the price, but the quality suffers, and customers won't buy an inferior product.  Then the company suffers, its employees suffer, and the economy suffers.  Unfortunately consumers can't have it both ways.  I've been disappointed many times with decreasing quality.  I'd rather pay more and maintain the quality I'm accustomed to buying.










Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 6 of 18

(1,369 Views)

















Reply






	
			3
		

	 Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










Kindaglitzy


Valued Contributor




Posts: 944

				Registered:
				
‎03-09-2010












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-16-2016
01:12 PM




			
				
					
						Hope his products will continue to be offered on Q. His mop and microfiber towels are the best.
					
				
			
			
				
			
			
				









Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 7 of 18

(1,347 Views)

















Reply






	
			3
		

	 Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










chickenbutt


Honored Contributor




Posts: 13,301

				Registered:
				
‎03-09-2010












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎03-16-2016
03:34 PM




I agree about products (in general) downgrading quality once the product lines become popular. I've had this happen with several products I've purchased from QVC over the years.  They build a reputation with quality products and then they start cutting costs on quality, often, very soon thereafter. One of the ones that sticks out in my mind is a Stan Herman fleece robe I got from QVC years ago.  I liked it so much that, within a few months, I ordered another one.  The difference in quality and fabric weight was profound.  I was really disappointed.  But that was probably when I first saw that sort of thing happening. As to Aslett - good that they will still be able to sell their products through other venues.  










Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 8 of 18

(1,297 Views)

















Reply






	
			2
		

	 Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










151949


Honored Contributor




Posts: 20,565

				Registered:
				
‎03-09-2010












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎02-17-2017
09:27 AM




I use his mops all the time - wouldn't want to be without them.They are so easy to use and lightweight.Everyone deserves their retirement - I hope he enjoys his.










Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 9 of 18

(654 Views)

















Reply






	
			3
		

	 Hearts





























 

















 
 






 










Ccassaday


Respected Contributor




Posts: 3,971

				Registered:
				
‎10-21-2010












Re: Don Aslett's Web Site Closing Down












Options



Mark as New




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content













‎02-17-2017
11:37 AM




The other day they had his microfiber set for $14. I was going to pick them up at a later date. I wish I had bought them. Hopefully he will bring the set back to qvc.










Report Inappropriate Content



	Message 10 of 18

(623 Views)

















Reply






	
			0
		

	Hearts





























 
























Previous






1

2





Next








 










Forum Listing





Previous Topic




Next Topic








 















































































Let's Stay in Touch
Browse our Customer Top Rated items >

Get sneak previews of special offers and upcoming events delivered to your inbox. *    *You're signing up to receive QVC promotional email.





Connect with Us
The scoop on everything Q, from helpful tips to interesting tidbits, questions, answers, and more.


QVC on Facebook
QVC on Twitter
QVC on YouTube
QVC on Pinterest
QVC on Google+
QVC on Instagram




Contact Us. Your Way. Anytime.

888-345-5788
My Account


Email Us 
Order Status


Feedback 
Live Chat
Customer Service




Feedback



 Our Promise:
Love it or Return it
Learn More






Get more with your QCard®
Easy Pay Every Day! LEARN MORE
Apply for a QCard
Pay Your Bill
Manage Your Account


Connect with Us
Blogs & Forums
Meet our Hosts
Tours & Stores
Mobile Apps & More 
QVC Gift Cards


Learn About Us
About QVC
QVC News
Press Room
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Resources


Work with Us
Affiliate Program
Vendor Resources
Submit Your Product
Careers


Account Status
All Orders
Easy Pay Orders
Returned Orders
Credit Cards
Email Reminders


QVC Gift Cards







QVC International:

Germany
Italy
QVC/CNR Mall China
Japan
United Kingdom
France



Other Liberty Interactive Companies:

eVite
Expedia
FTD
zulily





Policies & Information:

Privacy Statement
Safe Harbor Statement
Community Guidelines
General Terms of Use
Pricing & Retail Values
Online Closed Captioning
Product Recall Info
Additional Legal Info
CA Supply Chains Transparency
Site Map














QVC is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of the above referenced third-party linked sites, nor liable for statements, claims, opinions, or representations contained therein. QVC's Privacy Statement does not apply to these third-party web sites.
© 1995–2016 QVC, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademark Notice

Desktop View
Mobile View















This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method
	for collecting secure feedback data.








 Forums - Blogs & Forums

































































Search QVC:







Back to Homepage






Cart0







Menu
Shop By Category
Top Finds
Deals
SHOP BY CATEGORY


Fashion
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage
Jewelry
Beauty
Electronics
Home & Garden
Kitchen & Food
Health & Fitness
Clearance




Today's Special Value
New Arrivals
Trending
Top Finds
Deals
Shop QVC TV







Departments

Accessories
Blazers & Jackets
Blouses & Tops
Dresses
Intimates
New Arrivals
Outerwear
Pants
Sets
Shapewear
Shorts
Skirts & Skorts
Sleepwear
Sweaters & Cardigans
Swimwear



Special Sizes

Petite
Plus
Tall

Clearance

Blouses & Tops
Limited Quantity
Spring & Summer
All Fashion Clearance

Specialty Shops

Athleisure
Children's Clothing
Contemporary
Junior Clothing
Men's Clothing
Must Haves



Shop by Brand

Breezies
C. Wonder
Denim & Co.
Dennis Basso
G.I.L.I. got it love it
H by Halston
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Linea by Louis Dell'Olio
Lisa Rinna Collection
Liz Claiborne New York
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Quacker Factory
Susan Graver
Women with Control
See All Brands






Women's

Accessories
Boots
Clogs & Mules
Flats
Loafers & Moccasins
Mary Janes
Pumps & Wedges
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All



Men's

Boots
Casual
Dress
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All

Children's

Infant (0-4)
Toddler (5-10)
Children (11-5)
View All

Specialty Shops

Clearance
Contemporary
Extended Sizes
Limited Quantity Shoes



Shop By Brand

Aerosoles
Alegria
Clarks
Dansko
Earth Brands Footwear
Easy Street
Fly London
Franco Sarto
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Marc Fisher
Rykä
Skechers
Sole Society
Spring Step
Vionic
See All Brands






Handbags

Backpacks
Clutches
Crossbody Bags 
Handbag Accessories
Hobo Bags
Satchels
Shoulder Bags
Tote Bags
Wallets
Wristlets
View All Handbags

Specialty Shops

Clearance
Contemporary Handbags
RFID Accessories



Luggage

Carry On Luggage
Cosmetic Cases
Duffel Bags
Luggage Sets
Rolling Luggage
Travel Accessories
Travel Backpacks
Weekender Bags
View All Luggage

Tech Cases & Accessories

Laptop Bags & Cases 
Phone Cases
Tablet Cases
View All Tech Cases & Accessories 



Shop by Brand

Aimee Kestenberg
Dooney & Bourke
Dooney Sports MLB Collection
G.I.L.I. got it love it
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Lug
orYANY
Tignanello
Travelon
Vera Bradley
See All Brands






Departments

Ankle Bracelets
Bracelets
Earrings
Fashion Jewelry
Necklaces
Pendants
Rings
Watches

Clearance

Gold
Judith Ripka
Rings
Sterling Silver
All Jewelry Clearance



Shop by Material

Bronze
Diamond
Diamonique
Gemstone
Gold
Pearl
Sterling Silver

Specialty Shops

Bridal Jewelry
Designer Jewelry Studio
Inspirational Jewelry
Men's
Personalized Jewelry



Shop by Designer & Brand

Affinity Diamond Jewelry
American West
Barbara Bixby
Carolyn Pollack
Diamonique
Extraordinary Life
Honora
JAI
Judith Ripka
My Saint My Hero
Steel by Design
See All Brands






Departments

Bath & Body
Beauty Tools
Dental Care
Fragrance
Hair Care
Hair Styling Tools
Makeup
Men's Grooming
Nail Care
Skin Care



Specialty Shops

Auto-Delivery
Makeup Offers
New Arrivals
QVC Beauty Boxes
Starter Kits
Super Sizes
Value Kits



Shop by Brand

bareMinerals
Bobbi Brown
Calista
Dr. Denese
IT Cosmetics
Josie Maran
Laura Geller
Mally Beauty
Perricone MD
Peter Thomas Roth
philosophy
tarte
TATCHA
WEN by Chaz Dean
See All Brands






Departments

Audio
Cameras & Camcorders
Computers
GPS Navigation & Car
Home Office
Home Theater
Major Appliances
Movies & Music
Phones
Portable Chargers
Tablets & eReaders
Televisions
Video Games
Electronics Clearance



Video Game Platform

Gaming PCs
Nintendo
Playstation
Xbox

Service Provider

Boost Mobile
Unlocked Phones
Virgin Mobile

Related Categories

Drones
Tech Cases & Accessories
Wearable Technology



Shop by Brand

Acer
Amazon
Apple
Asus
Beats by Dre
Bose
Canon
Dell
GoPro
HALO
HP
LG
Samsung
Sharp
See All Brands






Home Décor

Bath
Bedding
Candles & Scents
Decorative Accents
Furniture
Holiday & Party
Indoor Lighting
Mattresses
Rugs & Mats

Patio & Garden

Garden Center
Outdoor Living



Home Improvement

Heating & Cooling
Home Projects & Tools
Laundry & Storage
Major Appliances
Vacuums & Cleaning

Toys & Leisure

Books
Crafts & Scrapbooking
Pet Supplies
Sports Fan Shop
Toys


All For The Home Clearance



Shop by Brand

Cottage Farms
Dyson
ED On Air by Ellen DeGeneres
La-Z-Boy
Lori Greiner
Luminara
Northern Nights
Roberta's
Scott Living
Serta
Shark
Valerie Parr Hill
See All Brands






Kitchen

Bakeware
Cookbooks
Cookware
Grills & Smokers
Small Appliances
Major Appliances
Kitchen Tools
Knives
Storage & Organization

Kitchen Clearance

Recipes and More

In the Kitchen with David
QVC Recipes



Food

Appetizers & Snacks
Condiments & Sides
Beverages
Meat & Poultry
Seafood
Desserts
Specialty Diet
Wine
View All Food



Shop by Brand

Cheryl's
Circulon
Cook's Essentials
Emeril
FoodSaver
Keurig
KitchenAid
Le Creuset
Lenox
Lock & Lock
Masterbuilt
Ninja
Rachael Ray
Temp-tations
Vitamix
See All Brands






Departments

Fitness Equipment & DVDs
Personal Care
Vitamins & Supplements
Wearable Technology
Weight Management Support
Health & Fitness Clearance



Shop by Brand

AeroPilates
Bodyblade
BodyGym
Fitbit
Flexbelt
Nature's Code
Nutrisystem
Re-Body
Sunny Health & Fitness
Total Gym
See All Brands






Departments

Beauty
Electronics
Fashion
Health & Fitness
Home & Garden
Jewelry
Kitchen & Food
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage

More Clearance

As Is Products
Just Reduced
Last Clicks



Shop Clearance By Brand

Bronzo Italia
Denim & Co.
Dooney & Bourke
Honora
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Judith Ripka
Liz Claiborne New York
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Northern Nights
Quacker Factory
Steel by Design
Susan Graver
Temp-tations
Vera Bradley

















QVC : 


Blogs & Forums


:


Forums







Forums




Sign In
·
Help






 Community Menu








Blogs & Forums


Forums


My Favorite Brand


Welcome Get Started


Today's Special Value


Beauty


Fashion


Handbags


Shoes


Jewelry


Kitchen


Recipes


Home


Holiday


Garden


Electronics


Wellness


Sports


TV and Movies


Book Club


Pet Lovers


Mom to Mom


Community Chat


Among Friends


Travel


Q Talk


Suggestion Box


Customer Care


Blogs
 
 Top Hearted Posts


 



			Subject
		
			
				
					
							Hearts
						
				
			
		








                            My Dad Passed Away Suddenly
                            
                        







	
			98
		








                            It's Time for This Post
                            
                        







	
			73
		








                            My Precious Pup Just Crossed the Rainbow Bridge
                            
                        







	
			69
		








                            Re: THE JOKE IS ON US
                            
                        







	
			64
		








                            Saying NO to overnight house guest request
                            
                        







	
			58
		







View All
 














View All Forum Topics

View All Blogs





























CommunityCategoryUsers





turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Do you mean 














Recent Forum Posts




Subject
Replies
Author
Hearts
Posted







I signed up for Social Security this morning!

Community Chat

59


Annabellethecat
 
14

					07-22-2017
			




What is the problem with new posters?

Community Chat

7


Catwhisperer
 
1

					07-22-2017
			




LOGO SHOWS (TWO)   Saturday July 22nd

LOGO by Lori Goldstein

34


AZ girl
 
4

					07-22-2017
			




Pics of my CIJ items.  Need some opinions too. :)


Holiday

53


morewineplease
 
11

					07-22-2017
			




bold and the beautiful

TV and Movies

4


southflorida321
 
0

					07-22-2017
			




One talent you wish you had.......


Community Chat

0


YorkieonmyPillow
 
0

					07-22-2017
			




I'm getting into my "crafty" mood & re-purposing

Home

5


homedecor1
 
5

					07-22-2017
			




Any Dr. Denese FirmaTone Serum Users Out There?

Beauty

0


noodleann
 
0

					07-22-2017
			




Eye makeup remover for Dry Eye

Beauty

21


fluffysmom
 
1

					07-22-2017
			




Should he Stay or Should he go ?

Community Chat

193


NYC Susan
 
1

					07-22-2017
			




Has anyone done TMS for untreatable depression?

Wellness

2


CatLoverDogsToo
 
0

					07-22-2017
			




We are Under a Heat Advisory!

Community Chat

34


YorkieonmyPillow
 
3

					07-22-2017
			




Mad At Post Office


Community Chat

14


I am still oxox
 
2

					07-22-2017
			




Outfit of the day, if you dare!


Fashion

1214


greeneyedlady
 
27

					07-22-2017
			




How many orders do you cancel?

Fashion

33


ECBG
 
2

					07-22-2017
			





				View All Forum Posts
				













































































Let's Stay in Touch
Browse our Customer Top Rated items >

Get sneak previews of special offers and upcoming events delivered to your inbox. *    *You're signing up to receive QVC promotional email.





Connect with Us
The scoop on everything Q, from helpful tips to interesting tidbits, questions, answers, and more.


QVC on Facebook
QVC on Twitter
QVC on YouTube
QVC on Pinterest
QVC on Google+
QVC on Instagram




Contact Us. Your Way. Anytime.

888-345-5788
My Account


Email Us 
Order Status


Feedback 
Live Chat
Customer Service




Feedback



 Our Promise:
Love it or Return it
Learn More






Get more with your QCard®
Easy Pay Every Day! LEARN MORE
Apply for a QCard
Pay Your Bill
Manage Your Account


Connect with Us
Blogs & Forums
Meet our Hosts
Tours & Stores
Mobile Apps & More 
QVC Gift Cards


Learn About Us
About QVC
QVC News
Press Room
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Resources


Work with Us
Affiliate Program
Vendor Resources
Submit Your Product
Careers


Account Status
All Orders
Easy Pay Orders
Returned Orders
Credit Cards
Email Reminders


QVC Gift Cards







QVC International:

Germany
Italy
QVC/CNR Mall China
Japan
United Kingdom
France



Other Liberty Interactive Companies:

eVite
Expedia
FTD
zulily





Policies & Information:

Privacy Statement
Safe Harbor Statement
Community Guidelines
General Terms of Use
Pricing & Retail Values
Online Closed Captioning
Product Recall Info
Additional Legal Info
CA Supply Chains Transparency
Site Map














QVC is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of the above referenced third-party linked sites, nor liable for statements, claims, opinions, or representations contained therein. QVC's Privacy Statement does not apply to these third-party web sites.
© 1995–2016 QVC, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademark Notice

Desktop View
Mobile View















This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method
	for collecting secure feedback data.








 Home - Blogs & Forums

































































Search QVC:







Back to Homepage






Cart0







Menu
Shop By Category
Top Finds
Deals
SHOP BY CATEGORY


Fashion
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage
Jewelry
Beauty
Electronics
Home & Garden
Kitchen & Food
Health & Fitness
Clearance




Today's Special Value
New Arrivals
Trending
Top Finds
Deals
Shop QVC TV







Departments

Accessories
Blazers & Jackets
Blouses & Tops
Dresses
Intimates
New Arrivals
Outerwear
Pants
Sets
Shapewear
Shorts
Skirts & Skorts
Sleepwear
Sweaters & Cardigans
Swimwear



Special Sizes

Petite
Plus
Tall

Clearance

Blouses & Tops
Limited Quantity
Spring & Summer
All Fashion Clearance

Specialty Shops

Athleisure
Children's Clothing
Contemporary
Junior Clothing
Men's Clothing
Must Haves



Shop by Brand

Breezies
C. Wonder
Denim & Co.
Dennis Basso
G.I.L.I. got it love it
H by Halston
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Linea by Louis Dell'Olio
Lisa Rinna Collection
Liz Claiborne New York
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Quacker Factory
Susan Graver
Women with Control
See All Brands






Women's

Accessories
Boots
Clogs & Mules
Flats
Loafers & Moccasins
Mary Janes
Pumps & Wedges
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All



Men's

Boots
Casual
Dress
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All

Children's

Infant (0-4)
Toddler (5-10)
Children (11-5)
View All

Specialty Shops

Clearance
Contemporary
Extended Sizes
Limited Quantity Shoes



Shop By Brand

Aerosoles
Alegria
Clarks
Dansko
Earth Brands Footwear
Easy Street
Fly London
Franco Sarto
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Marc Fisher
Rykä
Skechers
Sole Society
Spring Step
Vionic
See All Brands






Handbags

Backpacks
Clutches
Crossbody Bags 
Handbag Accessories
Hobo Bags
Satchels
Shoulder Bags
Tote Bags
Wallets
Wristlets
View All Handbags

Specialty Shops

Clearance
Contemporary Handbags
RFID Accessories



Luggage

Carry On Luggage
Cosmetic Cases
Duffel Bags
Luggage Sets
Rolling Luggage
Travel Accessories
Travel Backpacks
Weekender Bags
View All Luggage

Tech Cases & Accessories

Laptop Bags & Cases 
Phone Cases
Tablet Cases
View All Tech Cases & Accessories 



Shop by Brand

Aimee Kestenberg
Dooney & Bourke
Dooney Sports MLB Collection
G.I.L.I. got it love it
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Lug
orYANY
Tignanello
Travelon
Vera Bradley
See All Brands






Departments

Ankle Bracelets
Bracelets
Earrings
Fashion Jewelry
Necklaces
Pendants
Rings
Watches

Clearance

Gold
Judith Ripka
Rings
Sterling Silver
All Jewelry Clearance



Shop by Material

Bronze
Diamond
Diamonique
Gemstone
Gold
Pearl
Sterling Silver

Specialty Shops

Bridal Jewelry
Designer Jewelry Studio
Inspirational Jewelry
Men's
Personalized Jewelry



Shop by Designer & Brand

Affinity Diamond Jewelry
American West
Barbara Bixby
Carolyn Pollack
Diamonique
Extraordinary Life
Honora
JAI
Judith Ripka
My Saint My Hero
Steel by Design
See All Brands






Departments

Bath & Body
Beauty Tools
Dental Care
Fragrance
Hair Care
Hair Styling Tools
Makeup
Men's Grooming
Nail Care
Skin Care



Specialty Shops

Auto-Delivery
Makeup Offers
New Arrivals
QVC Beauty Boxes
Starter Kits
Super Sizes
Value Kits



Shop by Brand

bareMinerals
Bobbi Brown
Calista
Dr. Denese
IT Cosmetics
Josie Maran
Laura Geller
Mally Beauty
Perricone MD
Peter Thomas Roth
philosophy
tarte
TATCHA
WEN by Chaz Dean
See All Brands






Departments

Audio
Cameras & Camcorders
Computers
GPS Navigation & Car
Home Office
Home Theater
Major Appliances
Movies & Music
Phones
Portable Chargers
Tablets & eReaders
Televisions
Video Games
Electronics Clearance



Video Game Platform

Gaming PCs
Nintendo
Playstation
Xbox

Service Provider

Boost Mobile
Unlocked Phones
Virgin Mobile

Related Categories

Drones
Tech Cases & Accessories
Wearable Technology



Shop by Brand

Acer
Amazon
Apple
Asus
Beats by Dre
Bose
Canon
Dell
GoPro
HALO
HP
LG
Samsung
Sharp
See All Brands






Home Décor

Bath
Bedding
Candles & Scents
Decorative Accents
Furniture
Holiday & Party
Indoor Lighting
Mattresses
Rugs & Mats

Patio & Garden

Garden Center
Outdoor Living



Home Improvement

Heating & Cooling
Home Projects & Tools
Laundry & Storage
Major Appliances
Vacuums & Cleaning

Toys & Leisure

Books
Crafts & Scrapbooking
Pet Supplies
Sports Fan Shop
Toys


All For The Home Clearance



Shop by Brand

Cottage Farms
Dyson
ED On Air by Ellen DeGeneres
La-Z-Boy
Lori Greiner
Luminara
Northern Nights
Roberta's
Scott Living
Serta
Shark
Valerie Parr Hill
See All Brands






Kitchen

Bakeware
Cookbooks
Cookware
Grills & Smokers
Small Appliances
Major Appliances
Kitchen Tools
Knives
Storage & Organization

Kitchen Clearance

Recipes and More

In the Kitchen with David
QVC Recipes



Food

Appetizers & Snacks
Condiments & Sides
Beverages
Meat & Poultry
Seafood
Desserts
Specialty Diet
Wine
View All Food



Shop by Brand

Cheryl's
Circulon
Cook's Essentials
Emeril
FoodSaver
Keurig
KitchenAid
Le Creuset
Lenox
Lock & Lock
Masterbuilt
Ninja
Rachael Ray
Temp-tations
Vitamix
See All Brands






Departments

Fitness Equipment & DVDs
Personal Care
Vitamins & Supplements
Wearable Technology
Weight Management Support
Health & Fitness Clearance



Shop by Brand

AeroPilates
Bodyblade
BodyGym
Fitbit
Flexbelt
Nature's Code
Nutrisystem
Re-Body
Sunny Health & Fitness
Total Gym
See All Brands






Departments

Beauty
Electronics
Fashion
Health & Fitness
Home & Garden
Jewelry
Kitchen & Food
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage

More Clearance

As Is Products
Just Reduced
Last Clicks



Shop Clearance By Brand

Bronzo Italia
Denim & Co.
Dooney & Bourke
Honora
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Judith Ripka
Liz Claiborne New York
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Northern Nights
Quacker Factory
Steel by Design
Susan Graver
Temp-tations
Vera Bradley





















QVC : 


Blogs & Forums


:


Forums


:


Home









Home




Sign In
·
Help










 Community Menu








Blogs & Forums


Forums


My Favorite Brand


bareMinerals


Carolyn Pollack


Denim & Co


Dooney & Bourke


Isaac Mizrahi Live!


Judith Ripka


Laura Geller


Linea by Louis Dell'Olio


LOGO by Lori Goldstein


Nick Chavez


philosophy


Quacker Factory


Susan Graver


Temp-tations


WEN


Welcome Get Started


Today's Special Value


Beauty


Fashion


Handbags


Shoes


Jewelry


Kitchen


Recipes


Home


Holiday


Garden


Electronics


Wellness


Sports


TV and Movies


Book Club


Pet Lovers


Mom to Mom


Community Chat


Among Friends


Travel


Q Talk


Suggestion Box


Customer Care


Blogs
 
 Top Hearted Posts


 



			Subject
		
			
				
					
							Hearts
						
				
			
		








                            Re: Just turned on Q....Mary Beth did you really a...
                            
                        







	
			23
		








                            LOLAKIMONO- You make these boards F U N
                            
                        







	
			23
		








                            Re: Just turned on Q....Mary Beth did you really a...
                            
                        







	
			20
		








                            I reupholstered my sofa!
                            
                        








	
			20
		








                            Lolakimono-Thank-you!!!!
                            
                        







	
			20
		







View All
 
 Quick links

Sign In
Help
Standards

 








View All Forum Topics

View All Blogs





























CommunityCategoryBoardUsers





turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Do you mean 















 




New Message


Options



Mark all as New
Mark all as Read




Float this item to the top




Invite a Friend




List by Topics
Linear Format




Sort by Topic Start Date



















Previous






1

2

3



463





Next








 




 



			
				Subject
			
		
			
				
					Replies
				
			
		
			Author
		
			
				
					
							Hearts
						
				
			
		
			Latest Post
		










                            I'm getting into my "crafty" mood & re-purposing
                            
                        







			5
		




homedecor1






	
			9
		






‎07-22-2017
10:10 PM




by

homedecor1












                            An interesting Real Estate concept
                            
                        




[
1
2
]




			11
		




Limbo4now






	
			10
		






‎07-22-2017
09:56 PM




by

SahmIam












                            Bathroom cabinet (under sink) - what to put ?
                            
                        




[
1
2
3
]




			25
		




Julie_23






	
			20
		






‎07-22-2017
09:36 PM




by

AnikaBrodie












                            Went to Cracker Barrell for dinner last night ...
                            
                        




[
1
2
3
]




			27
		




151949






	
			34
		






‎07-22-2017
09:23 PM




by

Sage04












                            Does Size REALLY Matter?
                            
                        







			6
		




lolakimono






	
			8
		






‎07-22-2017
07:20 PM




by

stevieb












                            professional movers: my report
                            
                        




[
1
2
3
]




			25
		




granddi






	
			46
		






‎07-22-2017
04:20 PM




by

151949












                            help w/ water and white vinegar recipe for cleanin...
                            
                        






			9
		




Onefineday






	
			11
		






‎07-22-2017
02:37 PM




by

KatCat1












                            washing machine and film
                            
                        




[
1
2
3
]




			23
		




georgia dawgs






	
			20
		






‎07-22-2017
02:24 PM




by

KatCat1












                            Home Edition: Quirky, funky, unique, over the top ...
                            
                        





[
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

]




			167
		




lolakimono






	
			122
		






‎07-22-2017
01:23 PM




by

Riley1












                            Cozelle microfiber sheets - Evine review
                            
                        






			1
		




homedecor1






	
			2
		






‎07-22-2017
07:53 AM




by

mominohio












                            Question about a claim on my homeowners insurance.
                            
                        




[
1
2
3
]




			27
		




SilleeMee






	
			54
		






‎07-21-2017
09:12 PM




by

homedecor1












                            Returns Math
                            
                        




[
1
2
]




			13
		




BornToShop






	
			11
		






‎07-21-2017
06:57 PM




by

homedecor1












                            It's official our house is for sale
                            
                        




[
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

]




			114
		




Ccassaday






	
			132
		






‎07-21-2017
06:32 PM




by

Ccassaday












                            These Used to be on All the Time- What Happened?
                            
                        






[
1
2
]




			13
		




lolakimono






	
			15
		






‎07-21-2017
09:41 AM




by

SilleeMee












                            So does anyone see an addiction here?
                            
                        





[
1
2
3
]




			28
		




mominohio






	
			57
		






‎07-21-2017
07:50 AM




by

mominohio












                            If you were building a new house - what would you ...
                            
                        




[
1
2
3
4
]




			31
		




151949






	
			27
		






‎07-21-2017
07:02 AM




by

Auntg












                            Teen Boy's BR: Not a "Teenage Wasteland"
                            
                        







			6
		




lolakimono






	
			9
		






‎07-21-2017
12:03 AM




by

Camogirl












                            Photos with a View
                            
                        





[
1
2
3
4
5
]




			49
		




lolakimono






	
			75
		






‎07-20-2017
09:12 PM




by

Kachina624












                            What Can I Put On This? (UPDATED)
                            
                        





[
1
2
3
4
5
6
]




			51
		




NickNack






	
			65
		






‎07-20-2017
06:10 PM




by

NickNack












                            Do you like the Looks of These Reading Nooks?
                            
                        





[
1
2
3
]




			24
		




lolakimono






	
			43
		






‎07-20-2017
05:13 PM




by

Regal Bee












                            Looking for inexpensive bookcases
                            
                        





[
1
2
3
]




			22
		




wildcat fan






	
			19
		






‎07-20-2017
04:52 PM




by

Desert Lily












                            Shark TSV  7/23
                            
                        






			2
		




Beach Colleen






	
			0
		






‎07-20-2017
03:00 PM




by

Cheryl A Sophie












                            What Your Kitchen Style Says About You
                            
                        





[
1
2
3
4
]




			38
		




lolakimono






	
			105
		






‎07-20-2017
10:34 AM




by

CaliKat












                            A Family Homestead With Deep Roots
                            
                        





[
1
2
]




			14
		




lolakimono






	
			24
		






‎07-19-2017
11:46 PM




by

blackhole99












                            Any one familiar with this shark vaccuum
                            
                        






			1
		




Cheryl A Sophie






	
			2
		






‎07-19-2017
10:36 PM




by

kivah












                            Just turned on Q....Mary Beth did you really ask t...
                            
                        




[
1
2
]




			16
		




HULAGIRL






	
			148
		






‎07-19-2017
07:52 PM




by

twopeas












                            Parisian Glove Factory Turned into Living Space
                            
                        







			6
		




lolakimono






	
			12
		






‎07-19-2017
07:49 PM




by

flickerbulb












                            CONTRACTOR QUESTION
                            
                        




[
1
2
]




			11
		




ScrapHappy






	
			3
		






‎07-19-2017
04:02 PM




by

151949












                            SHOWER CURTAIN QUESTION
                            
                        




[
1
2
]




			14
		




ScrapHappy






	
			12
		






‎07-19-2017
11:33 AM




by

JeanLouiseFinch












                            DIY Cleaning Solutions
                            
                        







			4
		




lolakimono






	
			4
		






‎07-19-2017
08:09 AM




by

Kabella











 

















Previous






1

2

3



463





Next








 















































































Let's Stay in Touch
Browse our Customer Top Rated items >

Get sneak previews of special offers and upcoming events delivered to your inbox. *    *You're signing up to receive QVC promotional email.





Connect with Us
The scoop on everything Q, from helpful tips to interesting tidbits, questions, answers, and more.


QVC on Facebook
QVC on Twitter
QVC on YouTube
QVC on Pinterest
QVC on Google+
QVC on Instagram




Contact Us. Your Way. Anytime.

888-345-5788
My Account


Email Us 
Order Status


Feedback 
Live Chat
Customer Service




Feedback



 Our Promise:
Love it or Return it
Learn More






Get more with your QCard®
Easy Pay Every Day! LEARN MORE
Apply for a QCard
Pay Your Bill
Manage Your Account


Connect with Us
Blogs & Forums
Meet our Hosts
Tours & Stores
Mobile Apps & More 
QVC Gift Cards


Learn About Us
About QVC
QVC News
Press Room
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Resources


Work with Us
Affiliate Program
Vendor Resources
Submit Your Product
Careers


Account Status
All Orders
Easy Pay Orders
Returned Orders
Credit Cards
Email Reminders


QVC Gift Cards







QVC International:

Germany
Italy
QVC/CNR Mall China
Japan
United Kingdom
France



Other Liberty Interactive Companies:

eVite
Expedia
FTD
zulily





Policies & Information:

Privacy Statement
Safe Harbor Statement
Community Guidelines
General Terms of Use
Pricing & Retail Values
Online Closed Captioning
Product Recall Info
Additional Legal Info
CA Supply Chains Transparency
Site Map














QVC is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of the above referenced third-party linked sites, nor liable for statements, claims, opinions, or representations contained therein. QVC's Privacy Statement does not apply to these third-party web sites.
© 1995–2016 QVC, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademark Notice

Desktop View
Mobile View















This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method
	for collecting secure feedback data.









Mark Aslett








































Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar
Intelligence Community NewsBreaking news about the market for products, systems and services for the U.S. intelligence communityHeader Right Your source for breaking news from across the intelligence community contracting landscape, delivered daily

Main navigationMark AslettMercury Systems acquires Richland Technologies
July 6, 2017 by Loren Blinde Leave a Comment Mercury Systems, Inc. of Andover, MA announced on July 5 that it has acquired Richland Technologies, LLC (RTL). Based in Duluth, GA, RTL specializes in safety-critical and high integrity systems, software, and hardware development as well as safety-certification services for mission-critical … [Read more...] about Mercury Systems acquires Richland TechnologiesMercury Systems to acquire Creative Electronic Systems
November 4, 2016 by Loren Blinde Mercury Systems, Inc. of Chelmsford, MA announced on November 3 that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire CES Creative Electronic Systems, S.A. (“CES”). The acquisition is expected to close during Mercury’s second fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2016. For the twelve-month period ended … [Read more...] about Mercury Systems to acquire Creative Electronic SystemsMercury Systems completes acquisition of embedded security, RF and microwave, and custom microelectronics businesses from Microsemi Corporation
May 4, 2016 by Loren Blinde Mercury Systems, Inc. of Chelmsford, MA announced the completion of its previously reported acquisition of the embedded security, RF and microwave, and custom microelectronics businesses from Microsemi Corporation on May 2.

Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement applicable to the … [Read more...] about Mercury Systems completes acquisition of embedded security, RF and microwave, and custom microelectronics businesses from Microsemi CorporationMercury Systems acquires Lewis Innovative Technologies, Inc.
December 17, 2015 by Loren Blinde Chelmsford, MA-based Mercury Systems, Inc., announced December 16 that it has acquired Lewis Innovative Technologies, Inc. (LIT). A privately-held company based in Decatur, AL, LIT is at the forefront of technology development necessary to protecting systems critical to national security while … [Read more...] about Mercury Systems acquires Lewis Innovative Technologies, Inc.Despite $1 million loss last quarter, Mercury Systems optimistic about defense sector
January 29, 2014 by Jacob Goodwin Mercury Systems, Inc., of Chelmsford, MA, a provider of commercially-developed, open sensor and Big Data processing systems, software and services for defense, intelligence and commercial applications, reported a net loss of $1 million for the quarter that ended December 31, 2013, and outlined its … [Read more...] about Despite $1 million loss last quarter, Mercury Systems optimistic about defense sectorPrimary SidebarSign up for our FREE daily e-newsletter
Sign Up NowFor Email Newsletters you can trust.

Search
Search this website
Register for the GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit
Defense Strategies Institute will hold the 2nd GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit on September 19-20, 2017. Early registration is going on now, and seating is limited. Register today!

ICN announces partnership with GTSC
Intelligence Community News is proud to partner with the Government Technology and Services Coalition, the leading industry organization dedicated to driving innovation and helping small and mid-size companies do business with the U.S. Intelligence Community. Intelligence Community News readers who become members of GTSC will gain access to exclusive bonuses, and ICN will work with GTSC to promote private sector innovation.  

News Categories
News Categories
Select Category
Biz Opps
Category #1
   Sub Category 1.1
      Sub Category 2.1
         Sub Category 3.1
         Sub Category 3.2
         Sub Category 3.3
      Sub Category 2.2
      Sub Category 2.3
   Sub Category 1.2
   Sub Category 1.3
Category #2
Category #3
Category #4
Category #5
Company News
Congress
Contract Awards
Entertainment
   Celebrities
   Movies
   Television
Intel Agencies
International
Music
   Alternative
   Country
   Hip Hop
   Rock & Roll
People
Policies
Politics
   Campaigns
   Issues
Products & Services
Programs
Sports
   Baseball
   Basketball
   Football
Technology
   Cameras
   Gadgets
Uncategorized



Recent Comments
Loren Blinde on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob D on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob Walther on IARPA posts draft BAA for Ithildin programThomas on Michael Ryan joins DHPC Technologies as director of cyber electro-magnetic activitiesCherif Lefevre on DIA Director for Analysis briefs Congress on tradecraft
Our recent articles
Our recent articles

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 January 2013 


Tags
AFRL BAA
Air Force Research Laboratory
Army RFI
BAE Systems
Boeing
C4ISR
CACI
CIA
cybersecurity
DARPA
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
Defense Intelligence Agency
Department of Homeland Security
Engility
GEOINT
Harris
Harris Corporation
House Intelligence Committee
IARPA
Inc.
intel community
Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity
Intelligence Community
intelligence surveillance reconnaissance
ISR
James Clapper
John Mengucci
Ken Asbury
Kratos Defense
Leidos
Lockheed Martin
MacAulay-Brown
MacB
ManTech
Mercury Systems
metered
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
National Security Agency
NGA
Northrop Grumman
ODNI
Office of the Director of National Intelligence
Raytheon
SAIC
SPAWAR

Secondary SidebarIC Industry Spotlight
Introducing a new feature of Intelligence Community News, the IC Industry Spotlight. Want to see your organization here? Learn how.
























Mercury Systems' (MRCY) CEO Mark Aslett on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Mercury Systems' (MRCY) CEO Mark Aslett on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJan.23.17 | About: Mercury Systems, (MRCY) Mercury Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MRCY)
Q2 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
January 23, 2017, 05:00 PM ET
Executives
Mark Aslett - Chief Executive Officer
Gerry Haines - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Jason Gursky - Citi
Jonathan Ho - William Blair
Peter Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co. 
Michael Ciarmoli - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Brian Ruttenbur - Drexel Hamilton
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial
Operator
Good day everyone, and welcome to the Mercury Systems Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Haines. Please go ahead, sir.
Gerry Haines
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me today is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Aslett.
If you have not received a copy of the earnings press release we issued earlier this afternoon, you can find it on our website at www.mrcy.com. We’d like to remind you that remarks that we may make during this call about future expectations, trends, and plans for the company and its business constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by the use of the words may, will, could, should, would, plans, expects, anticipates, continue, estimate, project, intend, likely, forecast, probable, possible, potential, assumes and other similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to continued funding of defense programs, the timing of such funding, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen weakness in the company's markets, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in completing engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, changes in or in the U.S. Governments' interpretation of federal procurement rules and regulations, market acceptance of the company's products, shortages in components, production delays or unanticipated expenses due to performance quality issues with outsourced components, inability to fully realize the expected benefits from acquisitions and restructurings or delays in realizing such benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies, changes to export regulations, increases in tax rates, changes to generally accepted accounting principles, difficulties in retaining key employees and customers, unanticipated costs under fixed price product, service and systems integration engagements, and various other factors beyond our control.
These risks and uncertainties also include such additional risk factors as are discussed in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. The company cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which such statement is made.
I'd also like to mention that in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, during our call we will also discuss several non-GAAP financial measures, specifically adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share or EPS, and free cash flow.

Adjusted income excludes several income items from GAAP income. The excluded items are amortization of intangible assets, restructuring and other charges, impairment of long-lived assets, acquisition and financing costs, fair value adjustments from purchase accounting, litigation and settlement income and expense, and stock-based compensation expense along with the tax impact of those items. This yields adjusted income which is expressed on a per share basis as adjusted EPS calculated using weighted average diluted shares outstanding.
Adjusted EBITDA excludes interest income and expense, income taxes, and depreciation in addition to the exclusions for adjusted income. Free cash flow excludes capital expenditures from cash flows from operating activities. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP metrics is included in the earnings press release we issued this afternoon.
I'll now turn the call over to Mercury's President and CEO, Mark Aslett.
Mark Aslett
Thanks, Gerry. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I’ll begin today’s call with a business update. Gerry will review the financials and guidance and then we'll open it up to your questions.
Mercury continued to deliver strong results in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. Industry trends appear to be improving and our strategy is working. Our acquired and organic businesses performed extremely well and we came in at or above the high end of our guidance on all of our metrics setting several records along the way.
Mercury's total revenues for Q2 grew 62% year-over-year to a record $98 million and we continued to deliver strong growth organically. Excluding the recently acquired CES business, revenues were up nearly 56% from Q2 last year. Our largest revenue programs in the quarter were F-35, Aegis, SEWIP, Filthy Buzzard and Reaper. Adjusted EBITDA was a record up 83% year-over-year and 23% of revenue well within our recently updated target financial model.
This was also a record second quarter for total bookings and backlog and our 12-month forward revenue coverage continues to be strong. Our largest bookings in Q2 were SEWIP, Filthy Buzzard, F-35, PGK which is the Precision Guidance Kit for our artillery shells and Aegis. International defense bookings including our military sales were 10.1% of total bookings versus 9.6% in Q2 last year. As we begin the second half we're expecting fiscal 2017 to be another year of solid revenue growth both organically and at a total company level. Our content and market expansion growth strategies are working well. We are targeting what we believe to be the largest secular growth opportunity in the defense industry outsourcing by the major defense primes [ph] for that was previously done in-house.
We're actually seeing an acceleration in outsourcing demand across the customer base including locations that historically have been more inclined to do the work themselves. At the same time our customers are continuing their flight to affordable, higher quality innovative suppliers. As a result, we continue to take share from less capable competitors.
The strategic deals that we've completed since fiscal 2011 have substantially expanded our capability set and our total addressable market. These transactions have enabled us to provide a board range of affordable pre-integrated secure processing subsystems. We're leveraging the new capabilities we've acquired and developed organically to drive above industry average growth. We're involved in franchise programs that appear to be well-funded and are currently in or moving into production. We're also winning important new designs. As a result we continue to expand and diversify our base of programs and consent on those programs, great examples being Aegis and SEWIP.

If you look at our top 10 revenue programs so far in fiscal 2017 only four of them were in the top 10 in fiscal 2013. And if you look at this year's top 30 programs less than half were in the top 30 four years ago. The new entrants in the top 30 now comprise 42% of our top 30 program revenue through the first half of this fiscal year. This broader portfolio means low problematic [ph] risk and additional opportunities for growth.
Over the past few years we've successfully leveraged internal R&D investments and acquisitions to build a best-in-class portfolio of products and capabilities. We've demonstrated significant value creation to our M&A approach. We have a strong track record of successful acquisitions and integration and our scalable platform targets a significantly expanded addressable market.
Our vision is to be the leading commercial provider of secure sensor and mission processing subsystems. Overall the level of activity and secure processing upgrades, RF content expansion and EW remains very high. Our new design win pipeline for this fiscal year is likely the largest I've seen since joining Mercury.
Our big news on the M&A from this quarter was successfully closing the acquisition of CES, which is now doing business as Mercury Mission Systems International or MMSI. Strategically MMSI has important and complimentary capabilities in mission computing, affordable safety critical avionics and platform management that are in demand from our customers. These new capabilities will further expand our addressable market, markets that are aligned to Mercury's existing focus.
Like Mercury, MMSI has exceptional technology, solid engineering talent and strong leadership. We believe that is an excellent fit, strategically, culturally and operationally, between this business and Mercury. The business fits very well with both our markets and content expansion growth strategies and exemplifies our long-term approach to M&A, that is entering a new market in a relatively low-risk way, learning how to succeed that time over time and then scaling the new business as we did in RF last year with the Microsemi cargo transaction.
It has been approximately eight months since we closed that transaction and everything continues to go extremely well. The businesses are delivering good financial results and turned improved growth and strong profitability. The teams are working seamlessly and are well integrated. The security and networking infrastructure is being fully migrated. We continue to accelerate our manufacturing efficiency initiatives and are ahead of our original plan. The migration to Mercury's existing ERP applications is progressing well and is expected to be completed in the second half of this fiscal year as planned.
In total, we're on track to deliver the planned synergies and to complete the integration activities on time and on budget. All in all, we couldn’t be happier with the team, how the acquired business is performing and the success of our integration efforts to date.
We're also continuing to make good progress on our headquarters moved from Chelmsford to Andover, Massachusetts, which we expect to complete in early March. In addition to upgrading our headquarters facility relocating to Andover provides an opportunity to modernize our engineering tools and development methodologies to a more agile approach. We will also improve how we collaborate and communicate with one another across the company and how we provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers.
During fiscal 2016 we demonstrated our ability to complete a large acquisition under an extensive set of financial transactions quickly and with great results. Going forward, we intend to remain active and disciplined in our approach to M&A as we work to extend our record of organic and acquisition driven growth. We will continue to look for deals that are strategically aligned, have the potential to be accretive in the short term and drive long-term shareholder value.

As we do so, we will continue to target acquisitions that expand our addressable market in aerospace and defense electronics and the scale of technology platform that we've built. We will remain focused on the key pillars of the business, RF and secure processing, while working to assemble critical and differentiated solutions of sensor and mission processing. We will remain focused on small capability like tuck-in acquisitions while continuing to build a pipeline of larger opportunities.
Moving to the industry conditions, as anticipated we've begun government fiscal year 2017 with another budget continuing resolution that will continue through March. On balance however, the industry conditions appear to be improving and our pipeline of opportunity continues to grow. The strategy we're pursuing is increasing the size of our addressable markets and expanding our capabilities. It's clearly resonating with our customers and it's consistent with the government's defense priorities and goals for procurement reform.
In light of Mercury's strong results in Q2 and the first half of FY 2017 the continued success of our integration activities and our strong backlog, we are again raising our full-year guidance. Gerry will take you through the outlook in more detail.
In summary, we're anticipating continued strong performance, both organically and in our acquired businesses in the second half of fiscal 2017 driven by growth in our major product lines and across many of our programs. As a result, we believe that Mercury is heading towards another strong year in fiscal 2017 in total as we continue to grow revenue, GAAP income and adjusted EBITDA above the industry average.
With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Gerry. Gerry?
Gerry Haines
Thank you Mark and good afternoon again everyone. Before I go through the financial results, I'll note that unless otherwise stated we will be discussing the company's financial results, comparison to prior periods and guidance on a consolidated basis. This includes the CES business we acquired in Q2 of this fiscal year as well as the LIT and Microsemi carveout [ph] businesses we acquired in fiscal 2016.
Turning to our financials, Mercury delivered another very strong performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 as bookings, backlog, revenue and adjusted EBITDA all grew to record levels. At the same time, we completed yet another acquisition and expanding our addressable market and capability set. Overall it has been a great first half on a consolidated basis and organically.
Total revenue for the second quarter increased $37.6 million to $98 million up 62% from Q2 last year and exceeding the top end of our guidance of $91 million to $95 million. Excluding the impact of CES which we acquired on November 4, 2016 organic revenues would have been $94.1 million an increase of $33.7 million or 55.8% year-over-year.
International revenue including foreign military sales was 15.3% of total revenue compared with 21% in Q2 of last year. Revenue from radar and electronic warfare together accounted for 67% of consolidated total revenue compared with 82% a year ago. The lower proportion reflects the larger and more diverse revenue mix for the quarter resulting from the addition of several new businesses and the associated expansion of our addressable market and revenue base. Radar revenue was up 51% year-over-year while electronic warfare revenue grew 6%.
Mercury's total bookings for the second quarter were $108.5 million up 140% from $45.2 million in Q2 last year, yielding a strong book-to-bill ratio of 1.11. We ended the second quarter with an all-time record total backlog of $319 million which is up $114 million or 56% from the $205 million of a year ago. Approximately $279 million or 87% of this total backlog is expected to ship within the next 12 months. Our backlog demonstrates the continued growth we're seeing in our franchise program portfolio and additions to that portfolio through continued design wins, content expansion and new market opportunities.

We continue to translate our bookings and revenue growth into solid profitability. Mercury's gross margin for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 was approximately 48% above our Q2 guidance and within our target business model. Gross margin was up 3 points from the prior quarter as we benefited from high royalty revenues in our Q2 sales mix as we did in last year's Q2 when gross margin was 49%.
Our Q2 fiscal 2017 gross margin also included a $0.7 million negative impact from the step up of inventory valuations due to purchase accounting which we discussed last quarter. Total Q2 operating expenses were $38.4 million versus our guidance of $36.3 million to $36.6 million and $23.4 million for the same period last year.
The year-over-year change reflects the inclusion of CES acquisition expenses and two months of CES operating results in this year's Q2 which were not included in our guidance for the quarter, plus the incremental year-over-year addition of the businesses acquired from Microsemi as well as higher overall compensation expenses resulting from the company's annual compensation adjustments that went into effect in October.
The most recent quarter's operating expenses also reflect our ongoing investments to realize planned manufacturing efficiencies and increased R&D investment in our newly acquired businesses as we boost spending to align with our organic level of R&D investment.
OpEx in the second quarter also included approximately $0.4 million of non-cash rent expense attributable to the lease of our new headquarters driven by GAAP lease accounting. This duplicative non-cash expense is expected to total $1.1 million approximately for the full fiscal year and will end in May of 2017 when actual cash rent payments for the new facility commence and the lease of our current headquarters site expires.
GAAP net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 was $5.2 million or $0.13 a share. This compares with $5.0 million or $0.15 of share in Q2 last year. Excluding the impact of CES Q2 net income would have been $5.0 million or $0.13 a share. Adjusted EPS for the second quarter increased to $0.30 per share up 30.4% from $0.23 a share in Q2 of fiscal 2016 and above the high end of our guidance range of $0.22 to $0.27 a share. Excluding the impact of CES, adjusted EPS would have been $0.28 a share. This is based on approximately $40.0 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter.
Mercury’s Q2 fiscal 2017 adjusted EBITDA increased 83% to $23 million from $12.6 million a year ago, representing 23% of revenue and well above our guidance range of $18 million to $21 million for the quarter.
Turning to the balance sheet, reflecting the CES acquisition and anticipated higher capital expenditures, Mercury ended the second quarter of fiscal 2017 with cash and cash equivalents of $46.2 million compared with $81.6 million a year earlier and $81.7 million at the beginning of this fiscal year.
The balance sheet also reflects a non-cash liability of $7.7 million associated with estimated but as yet unearned future potential benefits under the Swiss Statutory Employee Pension Plan for CES. This is simply a result of accounting for the plan under U.S. GAAP. The plan is fully funded for all current benefit obligations. From a cash flow perspective Mercury’s operating cash flow of $14.2 million for Q2 of fiscal 2017 was partially offset by $7.7 million of capital expenditures. This yielded $6.5 million of free cash flow compared with $11 million in Q2 of fiscal 2016.
Net capital expenditures this quarter were lower than we anticipated due to modest delays in the timing of certain spending and earlier than anticipated reimbursements for intended improvements in our new headquarters location. This reflects only the timing of expenditures and reimbursements and we're pleased that the project remains on time and on plan.

As we begin the second half of fiscal 2017 Mercury’s financial position remains strong. We've maintain flexibility on our capital structure and good access to capital with a moderate level of debt, an untapped $100 million revolving credit facility and $400 million of remaining capacity on our universal shelf registration. As a result we are well-positioned to continue executing on our capital deployment strategy supporting future growth both organically and through acquisitions.
I’ll turn now to our financial guidance for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2017. For purposes of modeling and guidance we’ve assumed no restructuring and no acquisition or financing related expenses and an effective tax rate of 35% in the periods discussed. Once again we expect the second half of the fiscal year to be stronger than the first half based on the strength of our bookings and backlog and the results of our accelerated acquisition and integration efforts which should begin yielding planned savings and increased operating leverage as the year progresses.
As a result we are once again raising our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full year even before the inclusion of CES. We also expect strong operating - positive operating cash flow for the balance of the fiscal year. Partially offsetting that, we now anticipate that Q3 will be our peak quarter for CapEx in fiscal 2017 with capital expenditures expected to be approximately $15 million to $16 million. This reflects the incremental addition of the acquired businesses, completion of our new headquarters and the acceleration of our acquisition and integration activities.
Even with the elevated level of CapEx expected for Q3, we expect free cash flow to be stronger in the second half of the year than in the first half as capital spending tapers down in H2 and we begin seeing the benefit of the operating leverage associated with the more highly integrated business. Our integration plan remains on track and we anticipate realizing the estimated $10 million of originally projected run rate synergies well within the timeframe laid out in our initial plans with approximately two-thirds of those run rate synergies being realized within the first two years.
With that as background, for the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we're forecasting total revenue which includes CES to be in the range of $103 million to $107 million. Gross margin for Q3 is expected to be approximately 47%. This reflects a lower impact from purchase accounting inventory valuation step-ups more than offset by lower royalty revenues and other more modest changes in our Q3 sales mix.
Q3 GAAP net income is expected to be in the range of $5.6 million to $6.8 million or $0.14 to $0.17 per share. Adjusted EPS for Q3 is expected to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.32 per share. This estimate assumes approximately $4.7 million of amortization of intangible assets, $0.3 million of fair value adjustments from purchase accounting and $3.8 million of stock-based compensation expense.
Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter is expected to be in the range of $22.8 million to $24.7 million representing approximately 22% to 23% of revenue at the forecasted revenue range. This includes $0.3 million of non-cash rent expense attributable to the lease for our new headquarters as well as modestly increased operating expenses associated with our integration and R&D spending plans.
As I said, we're also raising our guidance for the full year. Before the addition of CES, we now expect our base revenue for the full fiscal year to increase to between $377 million and $384 million up from our prior guidance of $370 million to $380 million which also excluded CES.
Including CES, we now expect Mercury's total revenue to be in the range of $393 million to $400 million for all of fiscal 2017. Total GAAP net income for fiscal 2017 including CES is expected to be in the range of $19.4 million to $21.4 million or $0.49 to $0.54 a share. We currently expect total adjusted EBITDA for all of 2017 to be approximately $87.5 million to $90.5 million, an increase of 53% to 58% year-over-year and at approximately 22% to 23% of revenue for the year well within the range established by our updated current target business model. Adjusted EPS for fiscal 2017 is now expected to be approximately $1.09 to $1.14 per share.

In summary, we've concluded the first half of fiscal 2017 with record performance across multiple dimensions including forward indicators such as bookings and backlog growth. Our content and market expansion growth strategies position us well in today's defense industry environments. Our program base is becoming larger and more diversified and we have proven our ability to expand our addressable market and drive profitable growth through disciplined M&A. Reflecting these positive dynamics, we believe that Mercury is on track for a year of strong growth and solid financial performance in fiscal 2017.
With that, we will be happy to take your questions. Operator, you can proceed with the Q&A now.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please proceed.
Jason Gursky
Hi good afternoon everyone.
Mark Aslett
Hi Jason.
Jason Gursky
Mark can I start with the question for you? As you have had an opportunity here to reflect on the new administration, could you talk a little bit about the potential for policy reform or procurement reform that might be coming down the horizon and what would be good for Mercury and what would be a bad outcome, if we were to see some procurement reform?
Mark Aslett
Sure. So I don't think we expect a significant change overall in terms of the focus on improving the affordability of the goods and services of the DoD procures. I think that is going to ensure just based upon what we've heard from President Trump and that ends up as we have said previously ends up actually being a catalyst for increased outsourcing because given our model, we're able to do things more quickly and more affordably than many of our customers are able to do things in-house.
So yes, I think that is by far the primary driver. What could be a negative is if they decided not to focus on improving the overall affordability levels.
Jason Gursky
Okay, that is great. And then hi Gerry, just I was wondering given the recent acquisition whether you could update us on some relative ship set values for Mercury, specifically I would love to hear some updated thoughts on F-35 ship set content relative to F-18 and then ship set value on the very Navy ships just kind of rank order, where you have got the most content after the recent acquisition?
Gerry Haines
Sure. So we don’t typically comment Jason in terms of the ship sets values on any particular program or platform, but I think as we laid out at our Investor Day, we've been very successful not only expanding our addressable market which has gone from approximately $3.8 billion when we were simply a processing product provider at the Tier 3 level to today as we kind of moved into the RF marketplace and most recently with the acquisition of CES moving into more mission computing, avionics as well as platform management is that market on a global basis for just what we do is over $30 billion.
If you go back to some of the examples that we gave at Investor Day, I think we have done a really good job taking either the investments that we've made internally in organic R&D or the acquired businesses and turning that into expanded content own different programs. So we talked at Investor Day about the Naval surface fleet and how we have gone from literally just providing the processing associated with the radar largely for domestic applications to now we're also providing capabilities for FMS.
With SEWIP we moved into the electronic warfare suite. We now are providing capabilities for the signals intelligence on both of these platforms. We are involved in the C4I on programs such as the NMT which is the Navy Multiband Terminal and we continue to see opportunities as we made investments in our server class blade server architecture to moving to other parts of the compute architectures onboard.

So I didn't directly answer your question in terms of the ship set volume, but the reason that our revenues are growing much faster than the overall industry average is because our strategy is working.
Jason Gursky
Okay. That's fair, thanks guys.
Gerry Haines
Sure.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jonathan Ho with William Blair. Please proceed.
Jonathan Ho
Hi guys, congratulations on the strong quarter. I just wanted to start out with the CES acquisition and is there any way that you could maybe help us with thinking in terms of the growth rate for that business and whether there's any seasonality either in the bookings, expenses or revenue for that business that maybe differs from your current business?
Mark Aslett
So we obviously didn’t give up a ton of detail, it's a relatively small acquisition, so we don’t expect it to move the needle meaningfully through the year Jonathan. I guess couple of high points, CES is a profitable business, it's a growing business. We think it aligns pretty well with our overall sort of financial profile.
As we said at the time of the acquisition, it is slightly dilutive on an as acquired basis to our adjusted EBITDA, but we also expect that there will be realizable synergies that will bring it into line with our operating model in the relatively short period of time. We generally look for things like that to happen within about the first year ownership.
So we’ve take all of that by the way into account in issuing our guidance for the quarter and for the year, so that's why I was careful to highlight that where I was including CES and then distinguishing the changes in guidance both pre and post the acquisition. Did that help?
Jonathan Ho
Yes, perfect. And then just in terms of the operating leverage that you're seeing in the model can you may be break it down for us a little bit more in terms of how much of this is coming from the cost synergies from prior acquisitions, how much from sort of the mix changes and sort of the royalties and then also thoughts in terms of how much additional leverage we can look for throughout the course of the year?
Mark Aslett
Sure so, I think Gerry talked about, the gross margins and just the impact that mixes had and will continue to a have in any particular period. We still think that the range that we’ve given in terms of our updated target business model is fine, but it can’t move around period-to-period. Yes, I think the benefits that we’re getting from an operating leverage perspective is as a result of our integration efforts which continue to go extremely well. As you know, we’re not a holding company. We are deeply integrating the businesses that we acquire from a channel and from a process and from a systems perspective and it’s really that, that is yielding the leverage that we've seen.
And I think our belief is that we will continue to be able to grow our expenses at a rate that is slightly less than the overall top line, so we’ll continue to see some of that operating leverage manifest itself and as Gerry said in his prepared remarks, the integration activities is going well which is why we think that the second half will be stronger than the first.
Gerry Haines
Just a little bit you will recall that at the beginning of the year we said we thought we could touch our updated i.e. stepped up 400 basis point target operating model as you heard from the guidance update that we just gave, we think we’re going to get into that model i.e. not just hit the 22 but somewhere in the 22% to 23% range for the year and that’s reflecting exactly what Mark talked about.
Jonathan Ho
Got it and just one final one just qualitatively, I mean when we think about the new administration and some of the commentary that they have had specifically for prime contractors are you starting to see those primes come you more often is there sort of a tipping point which could maybe drive an acceleration in that interest level?

Mark Aslett
Yes so, I'm not sure whether it's directly related to the new administration because I think that is still obviously very early days, but as I said in my prepared remarks I think there are two really trends that are clearly more pronounced. The one is that we are seeing more outsourcing occurring and even in parts of our customer base that historically have tended to do more of the work in-house, which is a very encouraging sign overall.
The second is what I described is really a flight to quality and our customers are really seeking to do business with a smaller number, more capable suppliers who are really focusing on affordability, higher quality as well as innovation and here Mercury is clearly one of those. I think it's like an old adage, never waste a good dancer. Yes we leaned into the period post sequestration and invested significantly in the business and I think that’s one of the reasons that we’re seeing the heightened activity level that I described in my prepared remarks.
Jonathan Ho
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Peter Arment with Baird Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment
Hi, yes good evening guys. Nice results. Mark, could I just call out on the gross margin side specifically, really nice results this quarter, but we've seen kind of a lot of volatility if I think back over the last several quarters, I know its tied to a lot of the acquisitions and the mix. But what is the right way to think about, kind of margins in the second half of the year?
Gerry Haines
Yes, so I’ll take that one Peter. As we've said sometimes in the past the gross margin will tend to move around a little bit within the range we’ve established of 45% to 50% and that’s really driven largely by mix, some of which is offset in that mix by other changes down the OpEx line. So for example, higher and lower levels of customer funded R&D which will shift some of our costs up into the revenue and cost of goods sold line.
So, we really think that it may not be the best way to look at the business tracking at the gross margin level and look more into the operating and adjusted EBITDA margins and there we’ve seen very steady progressive upticks over time and then of course the step function upward in our target model and that’s reason for that. We do see mix shifts, but even with those mix shifts and the little bit of spikiness by things like royally revenues which obviously would carry very high margin does tend to normalize over time up in way I'd like to say it is if you think about ranges 45% to 50% that we, on average will tend to hover around the middle of that plus or minus a point or 2 any quarter which is not as noteworthy as it might seem on its face.
Peter Arment
It’s very helpful and just follow-up on CapEx, so this year particularly the step up is there a way to think about kind of what’s maintenance CapEx for this, for the business because we’ve seen a lot of changes with the Microsemi Carve-Out and now CES?
Gerry Haines
Yes, so we haven’t forecasted CapEx to accept obviously to say what we thought it was going to be in Q3 which I did just update, but as we've noted it’s the spike or the uptick has been driven by several fairly distinct things. Obviously we’ve had some significant incremental addition through the various acquired business of each of which brings a little bit of CapEx with it. Generally speaking I would say the profile is similar to what we have done historically at Mercury on a propionate basis, but when we’re seeing separate upticks caused by investment in the acquisition synergies and the program that we initiated.
And then we’ve accelerated some of that investment which has stacked it up and then of course we’ve mentioned the build out of the headquarters. So those are kind of the three factors acquired businesses, build out of the headquarters and acceleration on the synergies program that are really driving it, but nothing in the basic profile of the business has really increased its overall capital intensity.

Peter Arment
Got it and one last one Mark one for you just on the, the overall CR that's in place, it looks like expectations are that we're going to see that hopefully resolve in early April or at the end of March. If it lingers materially beyond that, is that - how is that affecting what you’ve allocated to your outlook?
Mark Aslett
Yes, we’ve got pretty good visibility. I think we’ve got strong forward revenue coverage, had a great bookings quarter, backlogs at record levels, so we feel pretty comfortable with the increased guidance that we gave Peter.
Peter Arment
Right, thanks. Nice results.
Mark Aslett
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Michael Ciarmoli
Hey good evening guys. Thanks for taking the questions, real nice results. Mark, maybe can you just talk about, you talked about the design wins, you talked about this hit list I guess being the largest ever, can you give us a sense of may be what specific markets you’re seeing those design wins in, are you starting to see may be more of a penetration into that missile market which is going to be new and obviously an expansion for you on the Microsemi deal?
Mark Aslett
Sure, so it’s a number of things Mike. So, our two largest market segments today are radar as well as EW. We’re seeing increased investments in both of those areas. So seeing that shift from the older type radars to the more user type radars, we’ve done a pretty good job capturing the secure processing content that shift occurs, we're also capturing more RF content on those radars which historically we haven’t done.
We're seeing a significant uptick in EW which is driving growth in what was formally the Mercury Defense Systems segment which is the former core acquisition on the West Coast as well as significant growth in our RF businesses and that we anticipate continuing going forward.
The third area, I think is you alluded to is also in the guided missile and precision munitions domain, obviously we are expending a lot of weapons based upon what is happening in [indiscernible] right now.
So I think the stockpile has been depleted, at the same time we're seeing opportunities to insert new technologies and capabilities to deal with some of the more advanced threats we see occurring and we believe that we're very well positioned there whether it be adding secure processing to some of those missile systems, whether it would be adding some miniaturized EW capabilities or just more general RF capabilities.
So those are the three major trends that we're seeing and the design win pipeline is very, very healthy right now.
Michael Ciarmoli
Got it. Given that pipeline, given what you just said, should we expect this backlog to continue to grow through the second half of this year?
Mark Aslett
Well backlog is not something that we typically forecast Mike, but we're certainly hoping it will.
Michael Ciarmoli
Got it. And then just if we were to look out at some of these big programs within the industry, JSTARS, the trainer, ground-based deterring three dealer. What I mean, you guys still have a lot of opportunities out there, a lot of radar, I mean, should we expect or how are you guys looking at some of those programs? Are they on that sort of hit list that you currently just referenced?
Mark Aslett
Yes some of the ones, all that you've mentioned yes for sure, yes we think we're well positioned with JSTARS, just given some of the investments that we have made in the very high performance processing that was recently tested at one of the government labs where we got very, very high marks.
There are other programs that maybe less well known that again are going through tech refresh whether it be in radar or EW that potentially significant opportunities for Mercury that we're also pursuing.

I mean, just this past week, we were notified that three new design wins in the RF dimension that are great wins, one of which is an outsourcing and two of which are competitive displacements. So we feel actually really good about how we are positioned from a capabilities perspective, the investments that we've made in manufacturing infrastructure and the automation is making us more affordable and I think we feel pretty good about how we're located right now, Mike.
Michael Ciarmoli
Got it. And then just Gerry corporate tax reforms you guys got 35% tax rate, I would imagine that anything would be very beneficial to you guys because can you give us same color on how you're thinking about that?
Gerry Haines
Well, I think you kind of hit it. We are a corporate taxpayer. We are mostly U.S. based revenue. So we pay a pretty hefty load. So any discussion that I've heard about tax rates is that if it moves, it is going to move down which would certainly be a benefit to us. But we're not going to model that in and hope it's not a strategy, we will hope for it and if we get it that will just be a good thing.
Michael Ciarmoli
Sounds good guys. Thanks a lot for taking the questions.
Gerry Haines
Thanks Mike.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ruttenbur with Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed.
Brian Ruttenbur
Yes, thank you very much. Couple of questions, I hear that the growth is going to come initially maybe in readiness programs and then we've also had conversations about FMS orders and growth happening there. Can you address both of those and what you're seeing on that front and if there has been any pick-up as of yet?
Gerry Haines
You are talking about potentially where President Trump will put any increase in Defense money, is that the question Brian?
Brian Ruttenbur
The question is, do you have any indications that you're going to have increased spending on the FMS orders or is there going to be an easement? I know it's only a couple of days into the administration, but I didn't know if you've seen anything, I think you've run what is your normal percentage for FMS?
Gerry Haines
So it has changed over the last year or so it was in the high teens maybe even the low 20s. But as we kind of acquired great diversity of programs is overall percentage that number has come down. I would say it's too early to tell in terms of the new administration. But as we have seen or as we have said previously, a lot of our major programs have got FMS sales associated with it. So yes, it's our customers succeed is they are seeking to penetrate those marketplaces, so we could drive along and one of the things that you are probably aware of is that there is an enhanced intensity on making sure that is we export our technologies overseas or also refresh our systems here domestically.
The security is part of those refresh and so the emphasis and the investment that we've made on our next-generation secure processing product portfolio we think bodes well to help enable those sales to occur in a timely manner.
Brian Ruttenbur
Okay. And then in terms of readiness, do you have any exposure in there and would you see, anticipate to see any increase in spending or orders because of maybe increased strip levels on the readiness side?
Gerry Haines
Not really Brian. Yes I think the readiness side is not an area that we as a company have really participated in historically. From what I'm reading, it sounds like this may be one of the beneficiaries of increased spending could be the Navy and the Air Force and that transfer the majority of where our revenues are coming from today and we're obviously involved in some great programs there and are well positioned.
Brian Ruttenbur
Great, thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed.

Ronald Epstein
Hey, good evening guys.
Gerry Haines
Hi Ron.
Ronald Epstein
Following up on one of the topics you were talking about, you mentioned in increased outsourcing that you're using from the Defense Primes, on the contracts that have been up for bid, can you give us a feel for what your win rate has been?
Gerry Haines
It's a good question, it's hard to specifically say what our win rate is. I will tell you that literally as I said just a minute ago on three awards that we received last week. We haven’t actually received the PO yet but we've been notified, two of those were actually competitive displacements in the RF microwave domain into pretty important programs.
So I think the way in which we're being viewed is that, is one of those more capable suppliers right. We've got a very high R&D spend, which is critically important to our customers that are seeking more technology. We've invested in the infrastructure in terms of the manufacturing assets to make us more affordable and to produce high quality. And then if I step back part of the business model that we have is because we are actually at the Tier 3 level and because we're a merchant supplier, we are actually in many instances able to bid concurrently with multiple primes as they are competing for the government's business.
Now it doesn’t always work out that way, but wherever we can, that is certainly a strategy that we like to pursue.
Ronald Epstein
I mean it seems like there is some momentum gaining in this outsourcing space. Are you seeing any new competitors coming to the market?
Mark Aslett
No and not, I think if anything we are seeing in the RF domain, a shift from the primes doing business purely on the basis of trying to get a better price to recognizing that the strategy is not the best way of improving affordability in the long term and so there is kind of a move in the other direction, a shift from simply trying to procure, through the procurement process better terms to partnering for success in the long-term which requires investments and requires much earlier level of engagement and that’s really what we are seeing. So we are seeing a shift in terms of just the supply chain strategies, but we clearly feel that it's actually benefiting Mercury based upon the strategy that we’ve been pursuing.
Ronald Epstein
Great and then may be just a more technical question for Gerry, when you think about the prospects of this change in tax code, if you can no longer deduct interest does that change how you think about doing M&A?
Gerry Haines
Well, I suppose it could as a theoretical matter you'd have to consider what the impact is as you know you're not operating like traditional private equity shop turning extremely high levels of debt. I think there are frankly a lot of things to consider there, not only debt levels and/or relative debt levels turns what are the effective interest rates, how do you balance that against the anticipated growth rates and what you think you can do with the business and then the deductibility the interest. So, I’d say it’s a multifaceted equation that is not susceptible to an easy answer, but you have to consider all the factors.
Ronald Epstein
Okay. I am done, now. Thanks guys.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Hi, good afternoon guys.
Mark Aslett
Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
So, what’s the, I guess I don’t know if I missed it, but could you talk about the growth outlook for that business and may be if you could give us some color on, if there were particular platforms that were attracted with the acquisition or does it just add to your international portfolio?
Mark Aslett
So that the business itself is actually, I’m looking to name the specific progress because unfortunately I think it’s not something that we can do at this time, but they have got some broad exposure to some wide body platforms. The heart of that business is that they are providing the computing elements for many of the tactical communication systems on platforms for large communications, defense electronics company based here domestically in the U.S. So, it actually got a very broad exposure with that particular focus area.

Sheila Kahyaoglu
So it sort of puts you in I guess the cost pit a little bit further is that kind of where it is aiming to add like that? 
Mark Aslett
Yes, so in the C4I mission systems segment is where they primarily play.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Okay, and I guess you had a fairly large contract in October on the precision munitions side and I guess I’m assuming that is a legacy Microsemi business is there an opportunity there to, I don’t know how much you can dispose but to add on to your legacy Mercury business in terms of new potential customer anything you could disclose on that order?
Mark Aslett
Yes, sure so the, the business that we acquired from Microsemi has got a strong position, in the guided missile and precision munitions marketplace. So their own programs such as Small Diameter Bomb II which as you know is going to be the one of the missiles that goes on to the F-35 that are on the Paveway which is obviously seeing increased growth just given the off tempo, but they’ve also got other pursuits as well and literally just in the last few weeks we have introduced them give then the strength of our channel into one of our major customers missile systems, divisions where they haven’t historically done any business and we’ve already uncovered a number of opportunities.
So I do think that given the capabilities of the combined companies and the strength of our channel, this will continue to be an important area certainly one of the things that attracted us to the business that we acquired.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Right, thank you. And then I guess just a last one if you could give us any color on the blades have the opportunity and in terms of what you're seeing in your bookings or design wins?
Mark Aslett
Yes, so the blades overall opportunity we're excited about. We're seeing some pretty significant growth in the C4I market segment as well as actually in our processing product line. Yes it's still very early days. We just announced it at one of the major trade shows, but because it's a very unique product targeting a specific application, we do think it's a part of the business and it's going to grow in the long term.
We've already won some specific business with it. A number of customers have requested access to the product to test in their various facilities and we think it's got some good growth potential longer term. And it is very much in line with the trend that we've in the more embedded applications where high performance, secure embedded processing is really what our customers are looking for and we come up with a pretty unique set of technologies and capabilities for that.
Sheila Kahyaoglu
Sure, thank you very much.
Mark Aslett
You are welcome.
Operator
Thank you. Our last question will come from the line of Keith Curtis with [indiscernible] Capital. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst
Yes, hi. Just wanted to ask about the EBITDA contribution from CES and you broke it out for this quarter but I didn’t notice any breakout on the contribution and the updated guidance for the year?
Mark Aslett
Yes, that's correct. We didn’t break it out because as you probably know we're an integrator and we integrate the businesses relatively rapidly and once we start to collapse channel and collapse salesforce as well as some of the internal support operations the distinctions very quickly go away and it becomes rather difficult to figure out where and how to measure specific contributions. So that's why and we don’t expect that we'll be breaking it out in the future.
Unidentified Analyst
Okay and just a followup on that, earlier in your prepared remarks I think you said something about EBITDA being diluted free synergies so just looking for clarification on that?
Mark Aslett
Yes the EBITDA percentage that it brings in the door is a little bit lower than where the organic business is on day one, but we expect and we said this at the time of the acquisition as well that we would be able to lift them into alignment with ours in a relatively short term.

Unidentified Analyst
Got it thanks for that.
Mark Aslett
Sure.
Operator
Thank you. And our last question will come from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Please proceed.
Mark Jordan
Thank you. A question relative to R&D obviously with acquisitions that aren’t - quarter R&D spend has increased pretty significantly here and with the addition of CES for full quarter probably you would expect some growth. Looking out as a normalized run right favorably towards fiscal 2018 are there synergies in that member or should we assume that R&D as a percent of revenue is going to stay around that 12% range of revenue?
Gerry Haines
Yes, so we expect over the long terms that we will maintain a run rate of 11% to 13% spend annually that we call for in our target business model. If you look back in recent periods we've sometimes been a bit higher than that but we continue to invest and what's happening is that the revenue is growing at a faster rate than the spend on the R&D overall. So we expect to settle right into that range. And frankly would seek to maintain it because we see it as a significant competitive advantage for us.
We have differentiated ourselves through a variety of technologies. It is one of the reasons that as we've acquired businesses we've taken a close look at what their spend is and in some cases and we've highlighted this in the prepared remarks, we've set up spending plans that actually bring them into alignment with our overall rate of spend because again we want to be at the edge of those technology capabilities, particularly as we seek to integrate them into more subsystem integrated solutions that we are providing to our customers. So it has played out very well for us and we look to continue doing that as we go forward.
Mark Jordan
A final question from me. With the CES being acquired obviously a Swiss company you mentioned that they sell significantly into the United States. Have you looked through, is there any export issues that you might have where their customer base is either might be restricted given the fact that they are now a part of a U.S. corporation?
Mark Aslett
No we don’t think that there is anything negative in terms of how our ownership of them. We think if anything we can potentially open some market opportunities particularly over time and that's why we focus on what the addressable market is, not just what business they're doing today.
Mark Jordan
Okay, thank you.
Mark Aslett
Sure.
Operator
Thank you. Mr. Aslett, it appears there are no further questions, therefore I would like to turn the call back over to you for closing remarks, sir.
Mark Aslett
Okay, well thank you everyone for joining the call this evening. We're very pleased with the results this quarter and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Computer Peripherals, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All MRCY TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #4a3eb270-6f4c-11e7-b921-f1ed587c159c
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #4a6b40b0-6f4c-11e7-ad8e-dfd2e0daa25a
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














  Product Categories  Don Aslett Cleaning Products



















































 














0 items - $0.00
Login / Register


 





























YOU ARE HERE: Home | Don Aslett Cleaning Products 


















Don Aslett Cleaning Products





For 30 years, Don Aslett has brought you the best commercial quality cleaning products for your home. Here you’ll find his most popular cleaners at the best prices.










Showers N Stuff – 2 Quart Pack











SoilMaster – Ready to Use and Concentrate











Natural Stone Cleaner – 2 Quart Pack











Oxy Action – Ready to Use and Concentrate













GlassPac Window Cleaner Kit











3-Way Carpet Spotter – 2 Liter Pack











Wood Wash-Ready to Use and Concentrate











Johnny Mop – Set Of 3













Creamy Cleanser – 2 Quart Pack











Clean and Brite Floor Cleaner – Liter Concentrate / Quart RTU Pack











Safety Foam – 2 Quart Pack











Foam n Flush Toilet Bowl Cleaner










1
2
→





 


CHECK OUT THESE DON ASLETT FAVORITES:Johnny Mop – Set Of 3SoilMaster – Ready to Use and ConcentrateScrubPac Heavy Duty Cleaner KitGlassPac Window Cleaner Kit 
























 Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390089821877-292570977512850042



Don Aslett — For the Home — QVC.com









































Search QVC:








Back to Homepage





Cart0






Menu
Shop By Category
Top Finds
Deals
SHOP BY CATEGORY

Christmas In July Sale
Fashion
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage
Jewelry
Beauty
Electronics
For the Home
Kitchen & Food
Health & Fitness
Clearance
Gifts
Men's
Shop by Brand




Today's Special Value
QVC2 Big Deal
New
Trending
Top Finds
Deals
Shop QVC TV





Category

Electronics
Fashion
Home
Kitchen & Food

Departments

Flameless Candles
Christmas Trees
Indoor Decorations
Lights
Ornaments
Outdoor Decorations
Storage
Table Accents
Toys
Wreaths & Garland



Brands

Bethlehem Lights
ED On Air
Hallmark
Jim Shore
Luminara
Plow & Hearth
Scott Living
HomeWorx by Harry Slatkin
Valerie Parr Hill
Shop All Sale Prices





Departments

Accessories
Blazers & Jackets
Blouses & Tops
Coats
Dresses
Fashion Sets
Intimates
Pants
Shorts
Skirts & Skorts
Sleepwear & Loungewear
Sweaters & Cardigans
Swimwear
Vests
New Arrivals



Special Sizes

Petite
Plus
Tall

Clearance

Blouses & Tops
Limited Quantity
Spring
All Fashion Clearance

Specialty Shops

Activewear
Children's Clothing
Contemporary
Denim Shop
Men's Clothing
Must-Haves
Models' Closet



Shop by Brand

Bob Mackie
Breezies
C. Wonder
Denim & Co.
Dennis Basso
G.I.L.I. got it love it
H by Halston
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Linea by Louis Dell'Olio
Lisa Rinna Collection
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Quacker Factory
Susan Graver
Women with Control
See All Brands





Women's

Accessories
Boots
Clogs & Mules
Flats
Loafers & Moccasins
Mary Janes
Pumps & Wedges
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All



Men's

Boots
Casual
Dress
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers & Athletic
View All

Specialty Shops

Children's
Clearance
Contemporary Shoes
Free Shipping
Limited-Quantity Shoes
New Shoes
Specialty Sizes



Shop By Brand

Aerosoles
Alegria
Clarks
Dansko
Earth Brands Footwear
Easy Street
ED Ellen DeGeneres
Fly London
Franco Sarto
Marc Fisher
Merrell
Miz Mooz
PUMA
Rykä
Skechers
Sole Society
Spring Step
Vionic
See All Brands





Handbags

Backpacks
Clutches
Crossbody Bags 
Handbag Accessories
Hobo Bags
Satchels
Shoulder Bags
Tote Bags
Wallets
Wristlets
View All Handbags

Specialty Shops

Clearance
Contemporary Handbags
New Handbags & Luggage 
RFID Accessories



Luggage

Carry On Luggage
Cosmetic Cases
Duffel Bags
Luggage Sets
Rolling Luggage
Travel Accessories
Travel Backpacks
Weekender Bags
View All Luggage

Tech Cases & Accessories

Laptop Bags & Cases 
Phone Cases
Tablet Cases
View All Tech Cases & Accessories 



Shop by Brand

Aimee Kestenberg
Dooney & Bourke
Dooney Sports
G.I.L.I. got it love it
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Kipling
Lug
orYANY
Tignanello
Travelon
Vera Bradley
See All Brands





Departments

Ankle Bracelets
Bracelets
Earrings
Fashion Jewelry
Jewelry Sets 
Necklaces
Pendants
Rings
Watches

Clearance

Gold
Judith Ripka
Rings
Sterling Silver
All Jewelry Clearance



Shop by Material

Bronze
Cubic Zirconia
Diamond
Gemstone
Gold
Pearl
Sterling Silver

Specialty Shops

Spring Jewelry Guide
Bridal Jewelry
Designer Jewelry Studio
Inspirational Jewelry
Jewelry Storage 
Men's
Personalized Jewelry



Shop by Designer & Brand

Affinity Diamond Jewelry
American West
Barbara Bixby
Carolyn Pollack
Diamonique
Extraordinary Life
Honora
Imperial Gold
JAI
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Judith Ripka
My Saint My Hero
Or Paz
Peter Thomas Roth
Steel by Design
See All Brands





Departments

Bath & Body
Beauty Tools
Dental Care
Fragrance
Hair Care
Hair Styling Tools
Makeup
Men's Grooming
Nail Care
Skin Care



Specialty Shops

Auto-Delivery
Beauty iQ
Beauty with Benefits
Discovered by Q
K-Beauty
Makeup Offers
New Arrivals
#QtheBeauty
QVC Beauty Boxes
Starter Kits
Super Sizes
Top-Rated Beauty
Value Kits



Shop by Brand

bareMinerals
Bobbi Brown
Calista
Dr. Denese
ELEMIS
IT Cosmetics
Josie Maran
Laura Geller
Perricone MD
Peter Thomas Roth
philosophy
tarte
TATCHA
TULA
WEN by Chaz Dean
See All Brands





Departments

Audio
Cameras
Computers
GPS Navigation & Car
Home Office
Home Theater
Movies & Music
Phones
Portable Chargers
Tablets & eReaders
Televisions
Video Games



Video Game Platform

Gaming PCs
Nintendo
Playstation
Xbox

Service Provider

TracFone
Unlocked Phones

Related Categories

Drones
Electronics Clearance
Smart Home
Hot Tech Today
QCard Special Financing
Sale Prices
Tech Cases & Accessories
Wearable Technology



Shop by Brand

Acer
Amazon
Apple
Asus
Beats by Dr. Dre
Bose
Canon
Dell
Google
GoPro
HALO
HP
LG
Microsoft
Nikon
Samsung
See All Brands





Home Décor

Bath
Bedding
Candles & Scents
Decorative Accents
Furniture
Holiday & Party
Indoor Lighting
Mattresses
Rugs & Mats

Toys & Leisure

Crafts & Scrapbooking
Pet Supplies
Sports Fan Shop
Toys


All For The Home Clearance



Home Improvement

Automotive
Heating & Cooling
Home Projects & Tools
Laundry & Storage
Vacuums & Cleaning

Garden & Outdoors

Garden Center
Outdoor Activities
Outdoor Living
Outdoor Tools



Shop by Brand

Dyson
ED On Air by Ellen DeGeneres
Lori Greiner
Luminara
Northern Nights
Plow & Hearth
Safavieh
Scott Living
Serta
Shark
Sleep Number
Valerie Parr Hill
See All Brands





Kitchen

Bakeware
Cookbooks
Cookware
Grills & Smokers
Small Appliances
Kitchen Tools
Knives
Storage & Organization
Tabletop & Bar

Recipes and More

Food of the Month
In the Kitchen with David
In the Kitchen with Mary
Kitchen Discoveries
Clearance
QVC Recipes
Wine Shop



Food

Appetizers & Snacks
Condiments & Sides
Beverages
Meat & Poultry
Seafood
Desserts
Specialty Diet
Wine
View All Food



Shop by Brand

All-Clad
Blendtec
Cook's Essentials
Copper Chef
Cuisinart
Keurig
KitchenAid
Kuhn Rikon
Le Creuset
Lenox
Lock & Lock
Nespresso
Ninja
OXO
Rachael Ray
Rastelli Market Fresh
Temp-tations
Vitamix
See All Brands





Departments

Fitness Equipment & DVDs
Personal Care
Vitamins & Supplements
Wearable Technology
Weight Management Support
Health & Fitness Clearance



Shop by Brand

AeroPilates
BodyGym
Fitbit
Flexbelt
MISSION
Nature's Code
Nutrisystem
Re-Body
Sunny Health & Fitness
Suzanne Somers
Total Gym
See All Brands





Departments

Beauty
Electronics
Fashion
Health & Fitness
Home & Garden
Jewelry
Kitchen & Food
Shoes
Handbags & Luggage

More Clearance

As Is Products
Just Reduced
Last Clicks



Shop Clearance By Brand

Bronzo Italia
Denim & Co.
Dooney & Bourke
Honora
Isaac Mizrahi Live!
Joan Rivers Classics Collection
Judith Ripka
Liz Claiborne New York
LOGO by Lori Goldstein
Northern Nights
Quacker Factory
Steel by Design
Susan Graver
Temp-tations
Vera Bradley
























Filter By:




Clear All Filters
            Your Selections:
        

Don Aslett

    


Category




Automotive
(1)




Bath
(2)




Books
(2)




Outdoor Living
(14)




Rugs & Mats
(16)




Vacuums & Cleaning
(38)






Brand





Don Aslett





Dooney Sports
(648)





Hillsdale Furniture
(267)





Home Reflections
(96)





Melissa & Doug
(123)





NFL
(116)





Northern Nights
(66)





Safavieh
(517)





Skyline Furniture
(179)





Sure Fit
(150)





Valerie Parr Hill
(459)




More




Price





$0 - $25
(44)





$25 - $50
(10)





$50 - $100
(5)






Features





Best Sellers
(1)





Customer Top Rated
(7)





Easy Pay Offers
(1)





Great Gifts
(1)





Shipping Offers
(8)





Special Prices
(5)







Done




















1 - 59 of 59
|



Page 1 of 1







                Sort By:
                
Best Match

Top Sellers
Average Rating
Recently On Air
Newest First
Price - High to Low
Price - Low to High






Filter





Clear All Filters
            Your Selections:
        

Don Aslett














Best Seller

Don Aslett's Super-size Microfiber Mop with 8 Washable Pads

$24.50



(267)











Don Aslett's Super-size 7-pc. Deluxe 64 oz. Toilet Cleaning Kit

$23.00



(800)











Don Aslett's 16oz X-O Odor Neutralizer w/ 16oz Refill Concentrate

$19.98
$22.00



(8)











Don Aslett's Set of 3 Multi-purpose Rubber Brooms with Hand Brush

$23.68



(31)











Don Aslett's 20" x 35" Outdoor Dirt Trapping AstroTurf Mat

$19.98
$22.00



(94)











Don Aslett's Set of 2 16oz. Professional Wood Cleaner and Polish

$14.98
$17.98



(91)











Don Aslett's 24" x 36" Grime Stopper Indoor/Outdoor Textured Mat

$22.98
$26.00



(10)











Don Aslett's 3' x 5' Outdoor Dirt Trapping AstroTurf Mat
Available for 2 Easy Payments

$54.98
$62.00



(1)











Don Aslett's 3' x 4' Astro Turf Mat

$39.42



(2)











Don Aslett's Weekend Makeover

$14.41



(1)










Customer Top Rated

Don Aslett's Oxy Fortified Stain Remover w/ Whizgroom

$15.12



(26)










Customer Top Rated

Don Aslett's Foaming Bowl Cleaner Refill

$15.29



(128)










Customer Top Rated

Don Aslett's Carpet Refresh Refill

$16.84



(22)











Don Aslett Microfiber Kitchen Flex Cleaner

$10.31



(3)










Customer Top Rated

Don Aslett's Hard Surface Cleaner with X-O OdorNeutralizer

$15.13



(12)










Customer Top Rated

Don Aslett's Grime Stopper Set of 2 Front SeatCar Mats

$19.99



(21)










Customer Top Rated

Don Aslett's T3 Total Tub & Tile Cleaner Refill

$15.31



(34)










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's Multipurpose Microfiber Pads for 12" Mop

$17.34



(6)










Customer Top Rated

Don Aslett's Super Concentrated X-O Odor Neutralizer Gallon

$45.34



(25)











Don Aslett's Easy Glide Set of 2 Dust & Pet Hair Pad

$19.76



(16)











Don Aslett's 9 Piece Microfiber Butterfly Kitchen Set

$15.34



(10)










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's Set of 3 Rubber Hand Brushes

$17.34



(11)











Don Aslett's 24" x 36" Grime Stopper Mat

$19.35



(25)











Don Aslett's 2' x 3' AstroTurf Mat

$24.18



(3)











Don Aslett's Multipurpose Microfiber Mop Pads,Set of 2

$16.03



(12)











Don Aslett's Microfiber Mat

$37.15



(5)











Don Aslett's Rubber Broom and Hand Brush Set

$15.98



(12)











Don Aslett's Microfiber Chenille 20" x 28" BathMat

$16.34



(6)











Don Aslett's Room Refresher & Odor NeutralizerSet

$15.87



(21)










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's Microfiber Mop and Bucket

$23.34



(15)










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's Multipurpose Microfiber Mittens Set of 15

$18.34



(2)











Don Aslett's 27" x 45" Grime Stopper Mat

$28.35



(12)











Don Aslett's Microfiber Chenille Bath Mat

$15.83



(8)











Don Aslett's Glass and Bath Mop with 3 Microfiber Pads

$16.35



(3)











Don Aslett's Dust and Fan Brush

$15.84



(3)










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's 8-Piece Microfiber Kitchen Towel Set

$17.34



(2)











Don Aslett Set of 2 Professional Bowl Swabs

$13.85



(4)











Don Aslett's Rolling Carpet Brush

$19.96



(25)











Don Aslett's Grime Stopper Scroll Mat

$26.35



(9)











Don Aslett's Renewing Finish for Hardwood Floors

$15.84



(16)











Don Aslett's Super Absorbent Microfiber Mop w/2 Extra Heads

$18.34



(30)










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's Microfiber Scrubbing Pads for 12"Mop

$15.34



(3)











Don Aslett's Pro Mop Damp Complete

$31.60



(3)











Don Aslett's Microfiber Comfort Mat

$37.15



(1)










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's Super Absorbent Microfiber Mop Setof 2 Heads

$17.34



(1)











Don Aslett's 3' x 5' AstroTurf Mat

$49.61



(1)











Don Aslett's 12-Piece Scrub N Wipe Sponge Set

$16.35



(2)











Don Aslett's 3' x 6' AstroTurf Mat

$59.77











Don Aslett's 3' x 5' Ridge Runner Mat

$52.73











Don Aslett's 24" x 36" Grime Stopper Mat

$22.23











Don Aslett's "Clutter Free! Finally & Forever"

$15.55











Don Aslett's Pro Microfiber Absorbent Set

$31.60











Don Aslett's 3' x 6' Chevron Mat

$62.50











Don Aslett's Two-Sided Mop Bucket

$35.35











Don Aslett's Odor Control Gel Deodorizer and Disposal Brush

$15.12










Free Standard S&H

Don Aslett's 6-Piece Microfiber Kitchen Towel Set

$17.34











Don Aslett's 3' x 5' Chevron Mat

$52.73











Don Aslett's Microfiber Clean Arounds

$18.94



(1)











Don Aslett Small All-in-One Microfiber Mop Pads- Set of 2

$14.41
















1































Let's Stay in Touch

Browse our Customer Top Rated items >


Get sneak previews of special offers and upcoming events delivered to your inbox.
*



*You're signing up to receive QVC promotional email.





Connect with Us
The scoop on everything Q, from helpful tips to interesting tidbits, questions, answers, and more.


QVC on Facebook
QVC on Twitter
QVC on YouTube
QVC on Pinterest
QVC on Google+
QVC on Instagram




Contact Us. Your Way. Anytime.

888-345-5788
My Account


Email Us 
Order Status


Feedback 
Live Chat
Customer Service




Feedback


 30-Day Returns Easy Refunds or Exchanges Learn More 





Get more with your QCard®
Easy Pay Every Day! LEARN MORE
Apply for a QCard
Pay Your Bill
Manage Your Account


Connect with Us
Blogs & Forums
Meet our Hosts
Tours & Stores
Mobile Apps & More 
QVC Gift Cards


Learn About Us
About QVC
QVC Newsroom
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Resources


Work with Us
Affiliate Program
Vendor Resources
Submit Your Product
Careers


Account Status
All Orders
Easy Pay Orders
Returned Orders
Credit Cards
Email Reminders


QVC Gift Cards

 






QVC International:

Germany
Italy
QVC/CNR Mall China
Japan
United Kingdom
France



Other Liberty Interactive Companies:

eVite
Expedia
FTD
zulily





Policies & Information:

Privacy Statement
Safe Harbor Statement
Community Guidelines
General Terms of Use
Pricing & Retail Values
Online Closed Captioning
Product Recall Info
Additional Legal Info
CA Supply Chains Transparency
Site Map














QVC is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of the above referenced third-party linked sites, nor liable for statements, claims, opinions, or representations contained therein. QVC's Privacy Statement does not apply to these third-party web sites.
© 1995–2017 QVC, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademark Notice

Desktop View
Mobile View



   This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method for collecting secure feedback data.
  





Cleaning Up for a Living by Don Aslett, Mark Browning (Paperback, 1991) | eBay
 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   eBay>Books>Textbooks, EducationShareCURRENTLY SOLD OUTCleaning Up for a Living by Don Aslett, Mark Browning (Paperback, 1991)About this productBest Selling in Textbooks, EducationTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Webster's New Pocket Dictionary (2007, Paperback)TRENDING PRICE$3.49NewExplode The Code 22 Books Set 2nd Edition - 2 Days Priority MailTRENDING PRICE$11.19NewThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)TRENDING PRICE$1.79NewA History of the World in 6 Glasses by Tom Standage (2006, Paperback)TRENDING PRICE$12.09New$5.71UsedGet Ready for The Code a Nancy Hall 9780838878194TRENDING PRICE$25.95NewBarron's TOEIC Practice Exams with MP3 CD, 2nd Edition by Lin Lougheed (2014, Paperback, Revised)TRENDING PRICE$13.45NewOrange Is the New Black : My Year in a Women's Prison by Piper Kerman (2011, Paperback)TRENDING PRICE$4.95New$3.39UsedSave on Textbooks, EducationTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.New MyMathLab Student Access Code. 5-second delivery. Please Read Before You Buy$59.00Trending at $81.45New Human Physiology, From Cells to Systems, Ninth Edition, Lauralee Sherwood$98.00Trending at $129.63Times Tales: Learn the Upper Times Tables in a Snap DVD CD-ROM NEW FREE SHIP$19.99Trending at $29.89The ICU Book by Paul L. Marino$52.93Trending at $77.95The Complete Adult Psychotherapy Treatment Planner$26.90Trending at $33.77Workbook for Tonal Harmony by Stefan Kostka (2012, Paperback)$65.00Trending at $98.90StrengthsFinder 2.0$14.02Trending at $15.00You may also likeCrown Mark Living Room TablesCrown Mark Living Room Home & Garden FurnitureCrown Mark Living Room End Table TablesCrown Mark Living Room Transitional TablesCrown Mark Living Room Side Table TablesCrown Mark Living Room Traditional TablesAbout this productDescriptionDescriptionCleaning Up for a Living is a complete, comprehensive, step-by-step guide to everything you'll ever need to kw about the business. It's written in a down-to-earth, lively style that makes even the most  technical  subject easy to grasp and understand. If you want to investigate one of the many exciting specialties in the profession or explore the whole constellation of cleaning industry opportunities, Cleaning Up for a Living is the book you want. It will ensure that whatever branch of the business you choose turns out a success. Includes 34 pages of forms of all kinds you can just copy and use.Key FeaturesAuthor(s)Don Aslett,Mark BrowningPublisherMarsh Creek Press,U.S.Date of Publication01/01/1991LanguageEnglishFormatPaperbackISBN-100937750387ISBN-139780937750384SubjectManagement & Business: GeneralPublication DataCountry of PublicationUnited StatesImprintMarsh Creek Press,U.S.Content Note1DimensionsWeight485 gWidth280 mmHeight210 mmSpine11 mmEditorial DetailsFormat DetailsTrade paperback (US)Edition Statement2ndThis item doesn't belong on this page.CancelThanks, we'll look into this.


Books | eBay
 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordBooksAll CategoriesAntiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   There seems to be a problem serving the request at this timeSkip to page navigationRefineBooksShop by CategoryShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by CategoryGo to previous slide - Shop by CategoryNonfictionAntiquarian & CollectibleTextbooks, EducationFiction & LiteratureMagazine Back IssuesChildren & Young AdultsOther BooksCookbooksAccessoriesAudiobooksGo to next slide - Shop by CategorySmart Savings on TextbooksSave big on new and used titlesShop EventShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Smart Savings on TextbooksGo to previous slide - Smart Savings on Textbooks$97.05$25.00$91.63$232.37$35.90$40.90$33.95$203.24Go to next slide - Smart Savings on TextbooksSave on BooksTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Save on BooksGo to previous slide - Save on BooksBlue Book of Gun Values 38th Edition 2017 IN STOCK FOR FAST DELIVERY Gun Store$34.49Trending at $40.11D&D Core Rulebook: Player's Handbook by Wizards RPG Team (2014, Hardcover)$24.00Trending at $30.77The Swamp: Washington's Murky Pool of Corruption and Cronyism and How Trump Can $15.43Trending at $15.79Portraits of Courage : A Commander in Chief's Tribute to America's Warriors by G$16.78Trending at $23.90KING JAMES VERSION HOLY BIBLE KJV Red Letter Thumb Index Black Faux Leather!$19.95Trending at $22.2916th Seduction (Women's Murder Club), Patterson, James  Book$15.95Trending at $18.09The Legend of Zelda: Art and Artifacts by Nintendo (2017, Hardcover)$19.00Trending at $26.23The Land of Stories SEALED Hardcover BRAND NEW Chris Colfer 5 BOOKS Lot BOXED$35.37Trending at $44.50Go to next slide - Save on BooksBest SellingTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Best SellingGo to previous slide - Best SellingSet Scary Stories to Tell in The Dark by Alvin Schwartz Volume 1 2 and 3(55)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$14.74 New$13.87 UsedThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$1.79 NewKJV Holy Bible (2008, Paperback)(92)4.3 out of 5 starsTrending Price$5.39 New$4.61 UsedPokémon Adventures Red & Blue Box Set (set includes Vol. 1-7) by Hidenori Kusaka (2012, Paperback)(5)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$31.45 NewThe Book of Shadows : White, Red and Black Magic Spells by Brittany Nightshade (2016, Paperback)(3)4.3 out of 5 starsTrending Price$10.70 New6 Holy Bible Testament KJV King James Hardcover Travel Pocket Size Black Red(10)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$3.69 NewRhodia Webnotebook Black Lined 5 1/2 X 8 1/4 192 Pages France(1)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$20.87 NewMUJI Made in Japan 7mm Ruled 30 Sheets (60 Pages) A4 Size Notebook Set of 3 Note(1)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$14.92 NewGo to next slide - Best SellingLimited Time DealsFree Shipping IncludedShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Limited Time DealsGo to previous slide - Limited Time DealsEvery Day in His Presence$12.16FREE 2 DAY SHIPPING: Webster's New Pocket Dictionary (Paperback) $5.59Spencerian Penmanship Set : Theory Plus Five Copy Books Spencerian Penmanship...$20.30$25.99 | 21% OFFAlex Barnaby: Troublemaker Bk. 1 by Janet Evanovich and Alex Evanovich (2010,...$4.46How to Build Underground Shelter Fallout Bunker Cd Dvd Survival  Prepper Tornado$5.99The Book of Man: Readings on the Path to Manhood$5.19Mal's Spell Bk. 2 by Disney Book Group (2017, Hardcover)$11.89$12.99 | 8% OFFFirst Little Readers Parent Pack: Guided Reading Level B : 25 Irresistible...$15.12$17.99 | 15% OFFGo to next slide - Limited Time DealsTop RatedTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Top RatedGo to previous slide - Top RatedThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 stars97% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$1.79 NewSet Scary Stories to Tell in The Dark by Alvin Schwartz Volume 1 2 and 3(55)5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$14.74 New$13.87 UsedKJV Holy Bible (2008, Paperback)(92)4.3 out of 5 stars80% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$5.39 New$4.61 UsedGo to next slide - Top RatedHot This WeekShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Hot This WeekGo to previous slide - Hot This WeekMilk and Honey, New, Free Shipping.$10.95Almost goneSun Tzu The Art of War, New, Free Shipping$4.645 leftThis Summer You Must This - 50 pcs$7.9971 soldThe Glass Castle: A Memoir$3.9958 soldVintage Classic Retro Leather Journal Travel Notepad Notebook Blank Diary E$3.8556 sold1Pc Portable Cute Cartoon Kraft Paper Notepad Memo Diary Notebook Exercise Book$1.1443 soldMetal Snowflake Bookmark Ducument Book Marker Label Stationery Party Favors Gift$1.2240 soldNew MyMathLab Student Access Code. 5-second delivery. Please Read Before You Buy$59.0039 soldGo to next slide - Hot This WeekGot one to sell?Get it in front of 160+ million buyers.GuidesHow to Sell Used Books and Rare Booksby ebaybuyingguidesSelling used and rare books on eBay is a good way to clean out your collection and make some extra money. If you know how to create listings that entice bibliophiles and draw the attention of experienced...Top 5 Books to Learn About Camera Repairby ebaybuyingguidesLearning how to repair cameras may sound like a daunting task, especially since there are so many different camera manufacturers. If you take camera repair one step at a time and learn the basics for the...Endless Summer: Sell Secondhand Items this Spring to Pay For Summer Funby ebaybuyingguidesAre you looking for the best way to make some extra money for summer fun? Do you want to sell your old cellphone or clothes? If so, you should head over to eBay and list your products. With thousands of...You May Also LikeShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - You May Also LikeGo to previous slide - You May Also LikeClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesHome & GardenCollectiblesSporting GoodsToys & HobbiesGo to next slide - You May Also LikeBooksBooks might as well be magic; they can do so many wonderful things. A book is the nearest thing we have to telepathy, sending thoughts from the author's mind directly to the readers even over a gap of two thousand years. Even with all our technology, there is no better way to make a brain to brain connection than by simply reading a book. Go Way Back to the BeginningAntique books and manuscripts offer an amazing look into history, you can see the thoughts of the past as they saw them themselves. Antiquarian and collectible books don't just look good on the shelf, they also grow in value. There is nothing like picking up an old book to really feel the past. Explore the Human ConditionThe beauty of fiction and literature is that it lets you explore the human condition in a way that mere recitations of fact can never duplicate. Rather than focusing on the mundane, these books bring out the emotional truth of human experience. They show you who you really are by exposing you to other experiences you could never have discovered yourself. These books are the underpinnings of human culture. See how someone else sees the world. Discover the World Around YouNon fiction books offer the widest range of human experience, joined only by their commitment to the truth. From self-help to space travel, they run the gamut of human thought. Learn how to deal with your family, how to save money for that trip, or how the Egyptians built the pyramids. Follow famous lives, or study esoteric philosophies. It's all there for you to find. Non fiction gives us the foundations of human civilization, the story of how everything works. Keep Learning for LifeEducation is the gateway to success, and textbooks are your key to that door. From elementary readers to calculus texts, these books are the doors to our full potential. Textbooks not only give us facts, they give us the tools to interpret and make use of those facts. They are the key to organizing our thoughts and making our brains work for us. It's not just academia either, mechanics textbooks can help you learn how to fix your car.Tell us what you think - opens in new window or tabSide Refine PanelShop by CategoryAntique Books and ManuscriptsAudiobooksBook & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsSee all in Book & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsBook Wholesale LotsOther Book & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsWholesale AudiobooksWholesale MagazinesBook AccessoriesSee all in Book AccessoriesAddress BooksBlank Diaries & JournalsBook CoversBook LightsBook PlatesBook Stands & HoldersBookendsBookmarksOther Book AccessoriesCatalogsSee all in CatalogsAgriculture CatalogsArt & Exhibitions CatalogsAuction CatalogsClothing & Fashion CatalogsDepartment Stores CatalogsMusic & Instruments CatalogsOther CatalogsOwner's Manuals CatalogsToys & Hobbies CatalogsChildren & Young Adult BooksSee all in Children & Young Adult BooksChildren & YA Non-Fiction BooksChildren's Fiction BooksChildren's Picture BooksOther Children & Young Adult BooksYoung Adult Fiction BooksCookbooksFiction & Literature BooksMagazine Back IssuesNonfiction BooksOther BooksTextbooks & Educational Books


Textbooks & Educational Books | eBay
 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordTextbooks & Educational Books└ BooksAll CategoriesAntiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   There seems to be a problem serving the request at this timeSkip to page navigationRefineTextbooks & Educational BooksShop by SubjectShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by SubjectGo to previous slide - Shop by SubjectEnglish, GrammarMathEducation, TeachingScience & TechHistoryGo to next slide - Shop by SubjectShop by Publication YearShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by Publication YearGo to previous slide - Shop by Publication Year2011-Now1950-19992000-2010Go to next slide - Shop by Publication YearSmart Savings on TextbooksSave big on new and used titlesShop EventShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Smart Savings on TextbooksGo to previous slide - Smart Savings on Textbooks$97.05$25.00$91.63$232.37$35.90$40.90$33.95$203.24Go to next slide - Smart Savings on TextbooksSave on Textbooks & Educational BooksTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Save on Textbooks & Educational BooksGo to previous slide - Save on Textbooks & Educational BooksNew MyMathLab Student Access Code. 5-second delivery. Please Read Before You Buy$59.00Trending at $81.45New Human Physiology, From Cells to Systems, Ninth Edition, Lauralee Sherwood$98.00Trending at $129.63Times Tales: Learn the Upper Times Tables in a Snap DVD CD-ROM NEW FREE SHIP$19.99Trending at $29.89The ICU Book by Paul L. Marino$52.93Trending at $77.95The Complete Adult Psychotherapy Treatment Planner$26.90Trending at $33.77Workbook for Tonal Harmony by Stefan Kostka (2012, Paperback)$65.00Trending at $98.90Rapid Interpretation of EKG's by Dale Dubin (2000, P...$34.95Trending at $38.96StrengthsFinder 2.0$14.02Trending at $15.00Go to next slide - Save on Textbooks & Educational BooksFeatured SaleGo Back to College Like Nobody ElseBig savings on campus essentialsBest SellingTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Best SellingGo to previous slide - Best SellingWebster's New Pocket Dictionary (2007, Paperback)(11)4.6 out of 5 starsTrending Price$3.49 NewExplode The Code 22 Books Set 2nd Edition - 2 Days Priority Mail(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$11.19 NewThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$1.79 NewA History of the World in 6 Glasses by Tom Standage (2006, Paperback)(14)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$12.09 New$5.71 UsedBarron's TOEIC Practice Exams with MP3 CD, 2nd Edition by Lin Lougheed (2014, Paperback, Revised)(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$13.45 NewOrange Is the New Black : My Year in a Women's Prison by Piper Kerman (2011, Paperback)(15)4.5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$4.95 New$3.39 UsedThe Color of Water : A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother by James McBride (2006, Paperback, Anniversary)(9)4.4 out of 5 starsTrending Price$11.88 New$3.99 UsedGo to next slide - Best SellingAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowSort:Best MatchBest MatchLowest Price + ShippingHighest Price + ShippingEnding SoonNewly ListedNearest FirstView:Gallery View1-25 of 8,497,860 ResultsLast Madam : A Life in the New Orleans Underworld by Christine Wiltz (2001,...Read the book once. Comes from a smoke free home.$3.000 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:19PM PDT7m 57sElectronics : Principles and Applications by Charles A. Schuler (2002, HardcoverElectronics: Principles and Applications introduces principles and applications of analog devices, circuits and systems. Like earlier editions, the Sixth Edition combines theory with real world applications in a well-paced sequence that introduces students to such topics as semiconductors,op amps, linear integrated circuits, and switching power supplies.$34.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:19PM PDT7m 8sConnections : A World History, Volume 2 by John W. Langdon and Edward H. Judge. MISC T-A001. Good condition. Great text book for a budget minded college student !5 out of 5 stars1 product rating$12.950 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:34PM PDT22m 45sTop Rated PlusThe Craft of Temari by Mary Wood How to book on TemariThe Craft of Temari by Mary Wood.5 out of 5 stars3 product ratings$6.240 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:58PM PDT46m 47sSaxon Math 2 Home Study Teacher's Edition by LarsonSaxon Math 2 Teacher's edition.$10.000 bidsEnding Today at 7:26PM PDT14m 58sExcellence in Writing, The Elegant Essay Writing Lessons, Student BookThis is a nice version of the Student Book. I didn't see any writing inside this book; however, it is used. ISBN 9780977986019, Building Blocks for Analytical Writing, by Lesha Myers.$15.504 bidsEnding Today at 7:43PM PDT31m 28sMath Smart, Revised 2nd Edition by Marcia Lerner Paperback Book (English)Paperback book in like new condition except for the wrinkle on the front cover. (See picture). No highlighting or writing to the pages.5 out of 5 stars2 product ratings$5.000 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 8:09PM PDT57m 0sTHE SHAPE OF A POCKET - BERGER, JOHN - NEW PAPERBACK BOOKReflects on the nature of the pocket as a small pocket of resistance in which two or more people come together to protest the inhumanity of the new world order. 12,500 first printing. About Movie Mars.$13.61Free shippingSee more like thisNew ListingA History of the American People by Paul Johnson (Paperback)Paul Johnson. A History of the American People. -curling on bottom right corner of cover (see picture). ISBN 9780060930349.4.5 out of 5 stars4 product ratings$4.99See more like thisThe Art of The Con - Avoiding Offender Manipulation Book - NEWBook - The Art of The Con - Avoiding Offender Manipulation Book written by Gary Cornelius - 2nd Edition - NEW - This is required reading in many criminal justice courses and programs. Must Read for Police, Correctional Officers, Probation & Parole Officers, Clergy, Teachers, Volunteers, and Others.$12.000 bidsEnding Today at 8:12PM PDT1hTop Rated PlusIn Search of Memory : The Emergence of a New Science of Mind by Eric R....ISBN: 978-0-393-32937-7.5 out of 5 stars1 product rating$5.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:41PM PDT29m 34sMcDougal Mathematics Grade 6 Student and Teacher's EditionUp for bids...... a set of 6th grade Math Textbooks. McDougal Mathematics Book 1. Middle Grades Math. Included are both the hardcover Student Text and Hardcover Teacher's Edition. Previous library discards, so they have the stamps, stickers, etc thereof. Check my other auctions for more educational materials! Payment expected within 3 days of auction close.$15.000 bidsEnding Today at 7:29PM PDT17m 39sSaxon Math 3 Teacher's Edition by LarsonSaxon Math 3 Home Study Teacher's Edition. Some underlining in the table of contents. No other writing.$10.000 bidsEnding Today at 7:24PM PDT12m 24sHitler by Joachim C. Fest (1974, Hardcover) A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book$5.000 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:47PM PDT35m 13sPeople's History of Christianity and Jesus in AmericaGreat book, just no use anymore.$1.000 bidsEnding Today at 7:47PM PDT35m 18sA Faith to Proclaim by James S. Stewart Paperback Book (English)Have inspired tens of thousands of preachers to strive for greater effectiveness in their proclamation of God's Word. James S. Stewart (1896-1990) was a gifted Scottish preacher who taught New Testament Language, Literature and Theology at the University of Edinburgh (New College).$19.33Top Rated PlusFree shippingOnly 1 left!See more like thisExcellence in Writing Windows to the World, Teacher's Manual, An Intro to Lit...Windows to the World, An Introduction to Literary Analysis, Teacher's Edition, by Lesha Myers. We no longer need this version of the teacher's edition. I didn't see any writing inside this book. The front cover is a little worn.$6.522 bidsEnding Today at 7:48PM PDT36m 9sThe Story of Architecture by Jonathan Glancey (2003, Paperback)$5.000 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:27PM PDT15m 48sThe Principles and Practice of Embalming 5th Edition Hardcover BookThis book is in Good condition. The binding is a little loose, but the pages are nice and clean. There is no writing/ underlining on the pages. There is some minor wear to the edges and corners from being handled.$39.95Free shippingPrinciples of Meditation : Eastern Wisdom for the Western Mind by Annellen M. S…Almost new condition.$5.950 bidsEnding Today at 8:39PM PDT1h 27mDelightful Handwriting: D'Nealian Student Book and Teacher Guide: Brand NewBoth are wonderful and gentle approaches to teaching handwriting and some reading to 1st grade students. Comes from a smoke free home.$9.000 bidsEnding Jul 23 at 4:17PM PDT21h 5mThe Book of CSS3 : A Developer's Guide to the Future of Web Design by GasstonNot shrink wrapped, but never used.$16.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:51PM PDT39m 36sThe Science and Engineering of Materials (1984) D.R. AskelandClassic textbook by Donald R Askeland in like new condition. 1st Edition.$21.000 bidsEnding Jul 23 at 6:45PM PDT23h 33mThe Inclusion Toolbox by Jennifer A. Kurth Paperback Book (English)Excellent condition used textbook. Tight binding, no highlighting. ZIP of origin is 85616 (Arizona).$19.99or Best OfferSee more like thisThe Way of Men by Jack Donovan (2012, Paperback)Only one page is dog eared about a half inch otherwise the book is in excellent condition. Free shipping!4.5 out of 5 stars3 product ratings$9.950 bidsFree shippingEnding Jul 23 at 9:07AM PDT13h 55mSee more like thisLimited Time DealsFree Shipping IncludedShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Limited Time DealsGo to previous slide - Limited Time DealsFREE 2 DAY SHIPPING: Webster's New Pocket Dictionary (Paperback) $5.59Spencerian Penmanship Set : Theory Plus Five Copy Books Spencerian Penmanship...$20.30$25.99 | 21% OFFFirst Little Readers Parent Pack: Guided Reading Level B : 25 Irresistible...$15.12$17.99 | 15% OFF2017 Edition Pharmacy Charts - NAPLEX, CPJE Review$159.00Be Here Now by Ram Dass, Paperback 1971, New, Free Shipping$12.24$15.15 | 19% OFFGRE Prep 2017 Study Guide: Test Prep Book & Practice Test Questions for the ETS $19.24Mosby's Dental Drug Reference by Arthur H. Jeske (2017, Paperback)$60.81$64.95 | 6% OFFFrom Babylon to Timbuktu A History of the Ancient Black Races Including the$12.26$13.95 | 12% OFFGo to next slide - Limited Time DealsTop RatedTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Top RatedGo to previous slide - Top RatedThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 stars97% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$1.79 NewA History of the World in 6 Glasses by Tom Standage (2006, Paperback)(14)5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$12.09 New$5.71 UsedOrange Is the New Black : My Year in a Women's Prison by Piper Kerman (2011, Paperback)(15)4.5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$4.95 New$3.39 UsedWebster's New Pocket Dictionary (2007, Paperback)(11)4.6 out of 5 stars83% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$3.49 NewGo to next slide - Top RatedHot This WeekShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Hot This WeekGo to previous slide - Hot This WeekThe China Study: The Most Comprehensive Study of Nutrition Ever Conducted...$5.076 leftNew MyMathLab Student Access Code. 5-second delivery. Please Read Before You Buy$59.0039 soldZaner-Bloser Handwriting Grade 4: Student Edition$16.4933 soldTwelve Steps and Twelve Traditions Trade Edition  (NoDust)$4.1331 sold7th Edition Essential Oil Pocket Reference (2016, Softcover)$16.9528 soldIntermediate Algebra for College Students, 6th Edition$7.1624 soldATI TEAS Secrets Study Guide$28.9924 soldDSM-5 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 5th Edition by APA$35.8923 soldGo to next slide - Hot This WeekSponsored ListingsShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Sponsored ListingsGo to previous slide - Sponsored ListingsUnderstanding Cross-Cultural Management by Roger Price and Marie-Joelle...$44.99Role of Sexual Abuse in Etiology of Borderline Personality Disorder$43.85Clinical Behavioral Medicine For Small Animals: By Karen Overall$124.58Investigative Journalism: Proven Strategies For Reporting the Story$51.60Introduction to the Technology of Explosives$176.25Humanities: Culture Continuity and Change The Volume I (3rd Edition)$193.79A Brief Introduction to Fluid Mechanics$31.34Go to next slide - Sponsored ListingsGot one to sell?Get it in front of 160+ million buyers.GuidesTop 10 Books to Learn How to Play Chessby ebaybuyingguidesChess is a beloved pastime for players around the world, and the depth and complexity of the game make it a rewarding activity that can occupy a lifetime. Players can take their game to the next level...Top 5 Books to Learn Russianby ebaybuyingguidesPeople learn Russian for a variety of reasons. Some plan to vacation in Russia and want to speak with the locals, while others move to Russia and need to communicate with their neighbors, co-workers, and...Top 5 Aids to Help You Stay on Top of Your Financesby ebaybuyingguidesIt seems like financial planning options are everywhere. From mailers offering free meals to pitchmen on television promoting their DVDs, there is no shortage of advice. However, short of meeting with...You May Also LikeShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - You May Also LikeGo to previous slide - You May Also LikeNonfiction BooksAntique Books and ManuscriptsFiction & Literature BooksMagazine Back IssuesChildren & Young Adult BooksGo to next slide - You May Also LikeEducation TextbooksIn a world where the Internet is in everyone's pocket, it might be surprising that there's still room for education textbooks. One reason is simple, while the Internet may be everywhere, it's not always accurate, and when it comes to educating people you need to have accurate information. That's why approved textbooks are so important; they give you the facts, not the opinions of someone on the Internet.Help for the Home SchooledNo one needs textbooks more than the parent who home schools their children. There is a growing movement toward home schooling so that parents can focus their children's education on the aspects Engl are most important to them, and tailor the curriculum to their own child's individual learning styles. From science and mathematics to English and history, textbooks are a vital part of any education program.For Every Age LevelNo matter what age or grade level your student is at, there are education textbooks to cover their needs.  Even if they go to a regular grade school, there are supplementary textbooks you can pick up to help them if they need it. Not every book is the right fit for every student, and sometimes the one who is having the most trouble with math in school is the one who flourishes the most as soon as you expose them to a different textbook.Explore Adult EducationEducation isn't just for children; many adults have a need for textbooks too. From those who left school early and are now looking for textbooks so they can get their GED, to professionals looking to further their development, there's a huge demand for textbooks from people in all walks of life. It's not just academic textbooks. You can also get textbooks on practical subjects from financial management, to woodworking, and auto repair.Control Your College EducationCollege is more than just an investment in your future; it's an investment. One way to take charge of your college costs is to look outside your college bookstore for your textbooks. Many textbooks, especially in fields such as English and history do not change much from year to year, so grabbing last  year's engineering handbook may be the best way to go.Tell us what you think - opens in new window or tabSide Refine PanelShop by CategoryBooksTextbooks & Educational BooksBook AccessoriesAntique Books and ManuscriptsAudiobooksCatalogsChildren & Young Adult BooksCookbooksFiction & Literature BooksMagazine Back IssuesNonfiction BooksBook & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsOther BooksFormatsee allHardcoverMixed LotPaperbackNot SpecifiedPublication Yearsee all1900-19491950-19992000-20102011-NowSubjectsee allBusiness & EconomicsEducation, TeachingEngineeringHistoryMathMedicineScience & TechLanguagesee allConditionsee allBrand NewLike NewVery GoodGoodAcceptableNot SpecifiedPricePlease provide a valid price range$-$Buying Formatsee allAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowItem Locationsee allDefaultWithindistance2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles20 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 milesofGoUS OnlyNorth AmericaWorldwideDelivery Optionssee allFree ShippingFree In-store PickupShow onlysee allReturns AcceptedCompleted ItemsSold ItemsDeals & SavingsMore refinements...





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















