


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Question about Estate Planning? We can help! | EstatePlanningLawfirms.com









































Estate
Planning
Lawfirms
.com





7031 Koll Center Pkwy, Pleasanton, CA 94566


Mon-Fri: 9AM–5PM PST














Free Estate Planning Case Evaluation



Tell us more about your case so that we may connect you with local, licensed attorneys.



Applicant Info
Summary Info
Case Details
Contact Info










What is your zip code?





Which legal services does your estate need?


Charitable Giving
        



Contested Wills
        



Drafting Wills or Trust
        



Estate Administration
        



Asset Protection
        



Other
        





What types of assets does your estate involve?


Business Interests
        



Cash
        



Life Insurance Policies
        



Pensions/Retirement 
        



Personal Possessions
        



Property
        



Stocks/Bonds
        





Total amount of assets


--Select an answer--
Less than $50k
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 - $250,000
$250,000 - $500,000
$500,000 - $1,000,000
More than $1 million




Briefly describe your case







What is your first name?





What is your last name?





What is your email address?





What is your telephone number?
























Processing




Next


We are committed to your privacy. By clicking "Submit" you agree the phone number you provided may be used to contact you (including autodials, text messages, and/or pre-recorded calls). Consent is not a condition of purchase.



You should not send any sensitive or confidential information through this site. Any information sent through this site does not create an attorney-client relationship and may not be treated as privileged or confidential. The lawyer or law firm you are contacting is not required to, and may choose not to, accept you as a client. The Internet is not necessarily secure and emails sent through this site could be intercepted or read by third parties. 






About Us


Since 1971, we have been helping individuals facing a legal issue find licensed, local attorneys, who can help resolve their legal matters. We help over 100,000 consumers every month, and our lawyer matching service is provided to you free of charge.




Seen In: 



USA Today
Kiplinger
The Washington Post
Newsweek












            Get Your Case Reviewed by an Estate Planning Attorney
        




Inheritance and estate planning is a very complicated legal procedure. Laws vary from state to state, notwithstanding any specific federal tax implications. Having a valid will in place helps to avoid problems typically associated with probate. There are a number of other methods available to minimize the financial obligations you might incur through an inheritance.
If you are seeking legal help regarding financial planning for the future, contact an estate planning lawyer in your area today. An estate is the entirety of a property, real and personal, owned by an individual prior to distribution through a trust or will.
Estate planning is the process by which an individual, or nuclear family with the person's consent and approval, arranges the transfer of assets to heirs or other beneficiaries. The reason for this is to provide the family, or anonymous miscellaneous beneficiaries, with legal rights to the property after the individual has passed away.
Aspects of estate planning include: Trusts, Wills, Uniform Probate Code, Gift Tax, Dynasty Trust and Joint Tenancy
A good estate planning lawyer can do more than just manufacture a simple will. Estate planning also typically minimizes potential taxes and fees, and sets up contingency planning to make sure that your wishes regarding which items are allocated and who the main beneficiaries are.
Many trusts are created as an alternative to or in conjunction with a will and other elements of estate planning. State law establishes the framework for determining the validity and limits for both.
An estate planning lawyer can assist you with organizing your personal and business records such as: Brokerage Accounts, Retirement Plans, Savings and Checking Accounts, Insurance Policies, Business and Partnership Interests and Debt Personal Property. An Estate Planner can also assist all other possible estate planning law concerns.
Speak with an Estate Planning Attorney »




























Copyright © 2017 Nolo ® Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising.  In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state.Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
    
7031 Koll Center Pkwy, Pleasanton, CA 94566






























Asset Protection Basics and Information on Personal Wealth Preservation



































































X


Request Free Info

                        Call Us 800.830.1055















What services are you interested in?




Asset Protection from Lawsuits





Offshore Company Formation





U.S. Company Formation





Offshore Banking





Trust Formation





Tax Preparation





Other





Please Describe your needs:













Your information remains confidential
                                            Privacy Policy



















Menu

 1-800-830-1055
1-661-310-2931
 Order | support










I created the financial protection that was right for my financial goals with Asset Protection Planners. I’m private, protected and invested in my family’s future.
- J.M. Ansen, CEO 











Asset Protection Basics 






Real Answers by Real Professionals.

Click or call today for a free asset protection consultation.
 Call Us 800.830.1055



What services are you interested in?



Asset Protection from Lawsuits




Offshore Company Formation




U.S. Company Formation




Offshore Banking




Trust Formation




Tax Preparation




Other


Your information will only be used to contact you regarding your consultation. It will not be sold 


Asset Protection Basics
Asset Protection basics that will cover legal concepts, tools and asset protection strategies in plain English. Asset Protection Planners has helped protect millions of dollars in liquid assets, tens of millions in real estate and hundreds of millions in investments for our clients. We’ll address the popular topics and questions about asset protection.

Asset Protection from Lawsuits
When you have accumulated assets over many years of hard work, the last thing you want is to lose them due to some litigation issue, bankruptcy, or court judgment. However, such incidents can be avoided with a bit of preparation and planning. Using asset protection strategies can put a stop to losing assets should you ever run into any serious problems.
Regardless, it can be difficult to understand the laws passed regarding asset protection and how particular types of assets may be legally shielded. However, when you look at the statistics, 96% of the lawsuits in the world are filed in the United States. Therefore, if you live in the US, understanding how you can protect your assets from lawsuits becomes critical. To understand how to protect your accumulated wealth from lawsuits, this article covers various aspects of asset protection that can help shield you in case of litigation.

Your Assets Are at Risk
Many individuals with assets incorrectly assume that since they follow laws correctly, they could never be sued. Others think that asset protection is only necessary for people with careers who are common targets of litigation, such as physicians, building contractors, etc. However, the notion that “playing nice” or being in a profession with less perceived liability protect assets from litigation in the real world is both a dangerous and incorrect perception.
Uncontrollable Risks
Keep in mind that, like a robbery, getting into a lawsuit is up to the other guy, not you. There are several uncontrollable life occurrences that can create legal issues and threaten your assets. Tomorrow someone could slam their breaks on in front of you and you could get sued for far beyond the limits of your insurance policy. The problem with these types of circumstances is that many people believe these things won’t happen to them. The fact is that you are not immune. They can happen to anybody, and very unexpectedly.
If you have not approached the idea of establishing an asset protection plan yet, you might lose your assets and possibly be forced to file for bankruptcy, wind up in a divorce battle, or must defend yourself in a civil lawsuit.
The Unexpected
Many more unexpected issues exist that could put your assets at risk. For example, say you are the parent of an adolescent that winds up on the wrong side of a car accident, and the injured party decides to sue you over the incident. Did you know that most devastating automobile accidents result in lawsuits of far greater than the insurance coverage? This litigation could result in you losing all of your vulnerable assets to the other party. Since many of these issues are difficult to predict, it’s best to seek out an asset protection plan before anything that might endanger your wealth occurs.

Retirement Plans and State Law
In the United States, both federal and state law dictate how your assets can be shielded from a court decision. What follows below is an example of various assets and the how the law works to shield those assets. The purpose is to provide you with an overview of how you can legally protect some of your assets to avoid their loss should litigation occur.

Traditional IRAs and Roth IRAs, as far as court proceedings are concerned, both can be protected from loss in bankruptcy court. The cap for asset protection with both types of IRAs is one million dollars. The bankruptcy court may decide to adjust this to a higher number. Furthermore, certain plans that have been rolled over, like 403(b) and 457(b) plans, come with no limit to their protection. It is important to note that the cap of protection is only for bankruptcy court proceedings and is not applied in other court decision. When court proceedings outside of bankruptcy court occur, state law generally dictates the level of protection.
Certain types of retirement plans receive no limits on protection from both bankruptcy and creditors. Retirement plans received as an employment benefit, whether or not the plan receives coverage from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), fall under this category.
An unlimited cap also protects ERISA retirement plans with two exceptions. First, if there is a qualified domestic relations order, it may allow the courts to remove your assets and hand them over to a previous spouse or payee. In these cases, that shield can be lifted. Second, if something happens and the IRS hits you with tax levies, the veil of protection is lifted. Therefore, certain qualified plans do not count as ERISA plans if that plan only protects the business owner or owners (also called owner only plans). Owner only plans do not receive the same level of protection and state law cover these types of plans.
Depending on what state where you live, you may or may not have protection from having your home confiscated in a lawsuit. Some states offer significant protection to homeowners and others offer no protection at all. So make sure you understand the homestead protection laws in our state.
Annuities and life insurance protection may offer some protection, however the rates of return on the money put into these plans are usually poor. State law also dictates whether or not annuities or life insurance are protected. In some states, the cash surrender values of life insurance, as well as earnings from an annuity contract are protected. In other states, protection is offered to the beneficiary and his or her interest to the extent that it provides a meager living. However, some states offer no protection. Therefore, become aware of your state’s requirements and how they might affect you.


A Few Easy Steps
Although some people still seem to approach asset protection with a knee-jerk reaction after they are sued. There are many sound and solid legal ways to protect your assets, but the protective measures almost always work best when put in place before a legal attack. Optimal asset protection planning means putting up your defenses up before any creditors launch attacks to access your wealth.
When your assets are already protected, and you encounter a lawsuit, the creditors know, or will quickly find out, that they will have difficulty getting through your defenses, and may not bother to try. Instead, this creditor will be more likely to seek a settlement rather than attempt to wade through the legal process and costs of attempting to reach protected assets.
Here are a few approaches you can take to protect your assets. The following list provides a breakdown of some of some of the most powerful asset protection steps you can legally take to ensure the safety of your wealth.
1. Asset Protection Trust
Form an asset protection trust to keep your wealth safe. Asset protection experts agree that forming a trust in places such as the Cook Islands and Nevis offer the strongest defense, An onshore trust formed in a state may also be an option for you, especially if you live in one of the few states that offer asset protection trusts. Some of the states that currently offer asset-protection trusts, include Nevada, Alaska, Rhode Island, Delaware, and South Dakota. The problem is that we have seen the penetrated repeatedly because they are with the judge’s reach. Offshore trusts put the ball beyond the reach of your local courts.
In most offshore and onshore trust jurisdictions, an individual is not required to be a resident of the state or country where he or she is seeking to form the trust. Because the offshore trust has a trustee that is outside of your local court’s jurisdiction, that trustee is not required to abide by your local court orders. If your local judge demands the money in the trust be forfeited, the foreign trustee can refuse to comply. Domestic trusts do not have this advantage.
With an asset protection trust, an independent trustee is put in place to oversee the trust. Assets placed into this type of trust will be difficult for creditors to seek out during litigation. Some of these trusts offer so much protection that you can even seal them off from ex-spouses should you decide to do so.
To ensure you form your trust correctly so that your trust protects your assets, your trust must comply with the following requirements:

You must make sure that when you form the trust, you make it irrevocable. With an offshore trust, you can actually make changes to the trust with the trustee’s assistance.
You have to appoint an independent trustee. This independent trustee must be either an individual with residency in the same jurisdiction as the trust. This can be a licensed trustee, in some cases, a bank.
The trust must include a rule that allows distributions to occur only when the trustee agrees to them. (There are also safety-valve provisions for you to change trustee if your trustee does not cooperate.)
The trust must also include a spendthrift clause. A spendthrift clause is wording in a trust document that prevents creditors from attaching the trust assets before they are distributed to the beneficiary.
With a domestic trust, depending on the state, either part or all of the assets needs to be found within the same state that you form the trust in.
With an offshore trust in the Cook Islands, Nevis and Belize, assets can be located anywhere. That being said, the assets should not be located in a jurisdiction (such as the US, or a bank with US branches) where they can be seized, regardless of whether or not they are in the trust.
The trust’s administration, as well as its required documents, need to be located in the jurisdiction where the trust is created.

For those individuals who wish to pursue an asset protection trust, remember that you should seek assistance from an asset protection specialist when forming your trust. This action will greatly enhance the likelihood that the trust will be established properly. There are simply too many variables that could expose your assets to lawsuits. After all, this is your money.  If you do not establish trusts for a living and keep up on the day-to-day changes, you would be putting your assets at great risk. Don’t rely on an amateur. Spend what it takes to have it done right. There is a number or inquiry form on this page for more information.
2. Accounts-Receivable Financing
Borrow against your accounts receivable. There are financing companies that will so so. This may help make your receivables much less tempting for creditors. So, using your business receivables, and borrow against them. Once you do this, you can then move the cash to an offshore asset protection trust to keep it out of harm’s way. By moving your wealth from easy-to-get to hard-to-get, you help decrease the value of the business assets and make them very unattractive for creditors.
3. Equity Stripping
Much like accounts-receivable financing, equity stripping requires you to take out a loan against the asset, and then transfer the money received from the loan into a legal tool that protects your assets. By stripping the equity out of certain assets, such as real estate and equipment, and transferring them into asset protection tool, such as an offshore trust, you make your equity much less interesting to creditors. Equity stripping decreases the value of the assets moves the loan proceeds into a financial fortress, making it much more difficult for creditors to take what is yours.
4. Family Limited Partnerships
A family limited partnership (FLP) offer an excellent asset protection opportunity. When forming an FLP, assets are usually moved into it and traded for an interest in the partnership. Once the assets are placed into the FLP, the Uniform Limited Partnership Act helps to shield those assets from creditors. Furthermore, the owner of the FLP can maintain the FLP itself as well as the assets. As far as your limited partner shares go, there is no significant market value for them. Therefore, your share value, for accounting and tax purposes, may be worth much less than what the originally transferred asset was worth, possibly saving you money in taxes. (Talk with a knowledgeable, licensed tax advisor.)

Asset Protection Tips
Asset protection tools aren’t limited to legal entities, trusts and other popular protection vehicles, an asset protection tool can be as common as auto and homeowners insurance, for example. You probably already have some form of protection the cover small vulnerabilities. Driving is probably one of the most dangerous things you can do, so how could you start protecting your assets at the source vulnerability? Be insured, but keep in mind, no matter how big your policy limits, you can always be sued for more. That is why a proper asset protection plan is so essential.
Before your assets are at risk from a legal opponent, implement everything you can do that will create a barrier between your assets and a legal predator. Purchase and lease vehicles under an LLC name and if you’re an entrepreneur, write off the expense. Don’t title your vehicle to your business, that is extremely hazardous and exposes your business revenue and its assets to the legal system. Your business can lease the automobiles from the LLC. Just with this one type of asset protection in the form of proper ownership, you are protecting yourself from being held personally liable in the event of a business-related accident.
Doing it Right
There are some things you need to be aware of and know about, some types of (so called) “asset protection” will actually land you in criminal court, put all of your assets at risk or both. This is how you can spot an asset protection scam or a tool that will get you in some hot legal water.
What Not to Do

Tax Savings – Anything that says that your asset protection plan will save you money on taxes could be a one-way ticket to trouble. Protecting your assets and your tax liability are not necessarily related. U.S. Citizens are responsible for taxes on a worldwide income basis. Your money can be held anywhere, but you owe taxes on your income, regardless of where it comes from. Do your research if anyone advise you that an asset protection plan, tool or strategy is a “tax free” initiative or will “save you money on taxes”. To name a few asset protection scams, Common Law Trusts, Constitutional Trusts, Deceptive tax plans, Nevada Trusts, Massachusetts Business Trusts or anything with an agenda that has to do with your taxes.
Hiding Money – How about we just put our liquid assets into a private, numbered or secret account in a banking jurisdiction and call that asset protection? Anything deceptive in nature is not a good idea, you do not have to lie, hide, scam or cheat a system to have a strong asset protection plan and legal strategy that is bulletproof.
Give It To Your Mother – How bout you just sign everything over to someone else, and you don’t have to worry about someone getting your assets if you are defeated in a court of law? Not a good idea, you still have your assets unprotected and within reach of the legal system and its players.


Where Lawsuits Come From

Occupation – We specialize in highly sued professionals and business owners offering planing and strategies that shield your personal assets from the liability hazards of your profession or type of business.
Property – Tactics and planning that protect you from internal liability of property ownership and real estate investments as well as property protection from external liability are common for many of our clients.
Divorce – With proactive planning you can set aside your business income and personal assets from a marital property battle.
Employees – We plan and protect you from frivolous lawsuits and civil litigation from disgruntled or terminated employees.

Total Asset Protection
There is only one type of asset protection tool that has yet to be broken and that’s the Cook Island Asset Protection Trust. This is how you take all of your assets and simply remove them from the U.S. legal system and put them into a legal system that discourages frivolous lawsuits and makes a very expensive, time consuming and near impossible arena for a legal predator to prey. This website will walk through this in more detail as we cover the rest of the subjects.












		      Free Consultation
		    

		      Fast answers to any of your questions
		    

			 Call 800.830.1055









Contact Questions?
Get help to the most commonly asked questions about any asset protection topic now.
Any Business Day 8 to 8 Eastern
1-800-830-1055



 























 Asset Protection Planning: The Basics To Get You Started | How To Protect Your Assets            How To Protect Your Assets Menu       Asset Protection Planning: The Basics To Get You Started Asset protection planning is the most important part of managing your business, and you need to be sure that you have something that will help you keep more money in your pocket. Your business has a lot of assets that need to be protected, and you need to start working with a planner who will help you manage all those things without a problem. The best part of this is that a planner can show you how to handle the process, and then you can purchase protection that works for you.   Choose An AgentThe agent you work with is the first person you need to talk to when it is time for this work to be done. You know that you need to have someone on your side who will help you find the best protection possible, and you need to keep adjusting your protection until you are happy with it. Then you can buy the protection, and it can be changed any time you add or subtract assets from your business. Purchase Enough Protection For Everything You need to make sure that you have enough protection for everything your business owns. Even the tiniest thing your business owns is important, and you need to have protection that covers every single one of these things. Ask your agent to look over the assets of your company, and then the company will instantly have all the information that is needed to draw up your policy.   Protecting Against LawsuitsThis protection also needs to make sure that you have a way of handling any kind of lawsuit. You have assets that people can attack, or you might have to fight for your assets in court. The best way to handle this situation is to have some kind of coverage that works on all levels. Your agent will let you know what you can purchase to protect your business, and then you will instantly learn how easy it is to use. The protection not only provides basic insurance, but it also helps you when you are stuck in some kind of legal battle. The best part of asset protection is that you can protect your business from attacks no matter how bad they are. You do not have to wait for something bad to happen to you. You can lean on your protection, and you can use that policy to make real changes to the way that you manage your business. You do not have to sit back while people attack you, and you do not have to accept losses that happen. You will be able to get help from an agent who will protect you, and the agent will help you file a claim when needed.          Tweet        Recent Posts 3 Mistakes To Avoid When Setting Up A Living Trust How A DAPT, Domestic Asset Protection Trust, Can Protect Your Assets From Creditors. 3 Things To Know Before Setting Up An Irrevocable Trust Form An LLC And Protect Your Personal Assets Asset Protection Planning: The Basics To Get You Started The Dos And Don’ts Of Setting Up A Trust Fund? Learn About Revocable Living Trusts And Why They Should Matter To YouCategoriesAsset ProtectionEstate PlanningFamily TrustIrrevocable TrustLiving TrustLLCRevocable TrustTrust FundTypes Of Wills      

Asset Protection Of America, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

Affiliated Managers Group
AllianceBernstein Holding
AllianceBernstein Holding
Ameriprise Financial
Amresco Residential Securities Corp Mort Loan Trust 1997-3
Amresco Residential Securities Corp Mortgage Loan Tr 1998-1
Amresco Residential Securities Corp Mortgage Loan Tr 1998-2
Apollo Global Management Llc C
Ares Management Lp
Artio Global Investors Inc
Artisan Partners Asset Manageme
Asset Protection Of America, Inc.
Bkf Capital Group Inc
BlackRock Holdco 2, Inc.
Carlyle Group L.P.



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Asset Protection of America, Inc.




Asset Protection Of America, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Former Names
BAUMAN ESTATE PLANNING, INC. (until 2015-10-16)Standard IndustryClassification
Investment adviceAddress

9500 West Flamingo Road Suite 205, Las Vegas, NV 89147
Phone
(800) 581-1522



Sample Contracts



Asset Protection Of America, Inc. –
Resignation of the Director of Asset Protection of America, Inc.
(August 8th, 2016)
This resignation is not due to a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.  In connection with my resignation, I hereby represent that as of the date of this letter and as of the "Closing Date," as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement, I have no claim against the Company for any outstanding remuneration, loans or fees of whatever nature.



Asset Protection Of America, Inc. –
Asset Protection of American, Inc.
(August 8th, 2016)
The following is a true copy of the resolution duly adopted by the Majority of the Shareholders of the Corporation at a special meeting, notice to this meeting having been waived, held this 2nd day of August, 2016;



Asset Protection Of America, Inc. –
Resignation of the Director & Secretary of Asset Protection of America, Inc.
(August 8th, 2016)
This resignation is not due to a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.  In connection with my resignation, I hereby represent that as of the date of this letter and as of the "Closing Date," as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement, I have no claim against the Company for any outstanding remuneration, loans or fees of whatever nature.



Asset Protection Of America, Inc. –
BYLAWS OF BAUMAN ESTATE PLANNING, INC. Article I: Offices
(October 15th, 2010)
The principal office of Bauman Estate Planning, Inc. (Corporation) in the State of Nevada shall be located in Las Vegas, County of Clark. The Corporation may have such other offices, either within or without the State of Nevada, as the Board of Directors my designate or as the business of the Corporation may require from time to time.



Asset Protection Of America, Inc. –
Subscription Agreement BAUMAN ESTATE PLANNING, INC.
(October 15th, 2010)














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.













 AssetProtectionofAmerica.com






















































 




Home
About Us
Trust
Will
Contact
FAQ







Slide 3






                                                            Slide 3                                                    







slider01






                                slider01                             







Slide 2






                                Slide 2                             







OverlaysShareTweetPreviousNextPreviousNext



Preparing the necessary estate planning documents is essential to guarantee as little problems as possible should you become incapacitated or upon your demise.  Making sure everything is spelled out clearly, the proper people are in place, and EVERYTHING is signed can help guarantee a less stressful event in a time of need.  At Asset Protection of America we encourage you to prepare now instead of later.  Later could be too late.
A Living Trust is the most simplistic cost effective estate planning tool you can use to protect your assets should you become incapacitated or upon your demise.   Setting up your Trust is easy.  All you need to do is to decide who is in charge should you not be able to manage your trust and who will receive everything you should past away.  Now click on the Living Trust Package and you are on your way.
There are various medicaments for different cases. Naturally, almost 40 percent of Americans purchase medications online. There are a number of legal internet pharmacies that will deliver medications to your address. Verapamil is a calcium channel blocker. This remedy works by relaxing the muscles of your blood vessels. A lot of medications are used to treat erectile dysfunction. Cialis is a medication prescribed to treat various maladies. What do you have to study about order generic cialis online? Presently many patients search for the exact phrase cialis order online on Google. The signs of sexual heartiness problems in men include lack of interest in sexual contact. Whilst sex is not vital for good soundness, itвЂ™s certainly great for you. Unhealthy lifestyle choices, venous leak, anxiety, and several remedies can reduce your interest in sex. Our body does not react well to stress. One way to resolve erectile dysfunction is to make several dolly lifestyle changes, another is medicament. Lack of sleep may be the culprit that decreases sex drive. Usually medications like Cialis has come under serious attention, particularly regarding its interaction with other medications. We hope that the info was helpful, but please contact physician if you want to know more. Our staff are skilled, and they will not be surprised by anything you say.  





Being rich or famous won't protect your assets:


Heath Ledger
Sammy Davis Jr.
Marilyn Monroe
Jerry Garcia
James Brown
Howard Hughes
Elvis Presley
Warren Burger














"Our son is not the best with money.  We wanted to make sure he doesn’t blow it all when we go. We set our trust up to pay him an income stream for the rest of his life.  We know he’s not going to like that but it’s our money and this is what we want.   Thanks to Asset Protection of America!"
~ James K., Henderson, NV






Refund Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
 
©2017 Asset Protection of America. All Rights Reserved.



 


 



Subaru of America, Inc. Launches Product to Protect Against Unforeseen Losses | Business Wire


























































Subaru of America, Inc. Launches Product to Protect Against 
      Unforeseen Losses






July 22, 2008 01:51 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHERRY HILL, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Subaru of America, Inc. and Subaru Motors Finance today announced the 
      launch of Subaru Equity Shield, a product designed to protect Subaru 
      customers against unforeseen losses. Subaru Equity Shield is distributed 
      through Subaru Motors Finance and sold exclusively on Subaru vehicles 
      through participating Subaru dealers.
    


      Subaru Equity Shield, a guaranteed asset protection (GAP) product, is 
      available for both new and used Subaru vehicles, excluding leases. It 
      offers customers:
    


        Payment of all or most of the difference between the outstanding loan 
        balance and the amount the primary insurance company will pay in the 
        event of a total loss on the vehicle
      

        Coverage of negative equity if rolled over from a prior loan, within 
        the vehicle manufacturer’s suggested retail 
        price limits
      

        Coverage of the primary insurance deductible, up to $1,000
      

        An additional $1,000 credit for a replacement Subaru bought from the 
        dealer that sold the original Subaru vehicle (not available in all 
        states)
      


“The Subaru Equity Shield enables us to offer 
      a valuable and convenient service to our customers,” 
      said Tom Doll, executive vice president, Subaru of America, Inc. “We 
      work hard to protect our customers on the road, and if we can also help 
      them protect their investment then that is even better.”


“We’re pleased to 
      continue to expand our relationship with Subaru of America by offering 
      additional products for dealers,” said Marc 
      Sheinbaum, CEO of Chase Auto Finance, which is Subaru’s 
      captive finance company. “Both dealers and 
      customers will benefit from the added value and security Subaru Equity 
      Shield provides.”


      About Subaru
    

      Subaru of America, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fuji Heavy 
      Industries Ltd. of Japan. Headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J., the 
      company markets and distributes Subaru Symmetrical All-Wheel Drive 
      vehicles, parts and accessories through a network of 600 dealers across 
      the United States. Subaru makes the best-selling All-Wheel Drive car 
      sold in America based on R.L. Polk & Co. new vehicle retail registration 
      statistics. For additional information visit www.subaru.com.
    

      Subaru Motors Finance (SMF) is licensed by Subaru of America, Inc., to 
      JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Auto Finance Corp. for SMF to offer 
      Subaru customers retail installment sales contracts, loans and leases 
      through Subaru dealers. Since 2001, SMF has financed more than 750,000 
      Subaru customers or more than half of all Subarus sold in the past seven 
      years.
    

      About Chase Auto Finance
    

      JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., together with its affiliates, is the largest 
      bank provider of auto financing in the country. Parent company JPMorgan 
      Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a global financial services firm with assets 
      of $1.8 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a 
      leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small 
      business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset 
      management, and private equity. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial 
      Average, JPMorgan Chase serves millions of consumers in the United 
      States and many of the world’s most prominent 
      corporate, institutional and government clients under its JPMorgan and 
      Chase brands. Information about the firm is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
    




Contacts

      ChaseMary Kay Bean, 313-225-2831mary.kay.bean@chase.comorSubaruHeather 
      Ward, 856-488-5093hward@subaru.com













Contacts

      ChaseMary Kay Bean, 313-225-2831mary.kay.bean@chase.comorSubaruHeather 
      Ward, 856-488-5093hward@subaru.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















ATEP Stock Quote - Asset-Protection-of-America-Inc Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 











10-Q: ASSET PROTECTION OF AMERICA, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,613
+100.26
+0.47%






Nasdaq

6,412
+1.37
+0.02%






S&P 500

2,477
+7.22
+0.29%









5:42 P.M. ET


                                  This is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
                                





 
5:36 P.M. ET


Updated
      Emerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
                                





 
5:35 P.M. ET


                                  USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
                                





 
5:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
                                





 
5:29 P.M. ET


                                  Chegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
                                





 
5:24 P.M. ET


                                  McCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
                                





 
5:24 P.M. ET


                                  Universal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
                                





 
5:19 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
                                





 
5:15 P.M. ET


                                  Health-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
                                





 
5:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


                                  USANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
                                





 
5:02 P.M. ET


                                  Wells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
                                





 
5:00 P.M. ET


                                  Why oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
                                





 
4:59 P.M. ET


Updated
      3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
                                





 
4:58 P.M. ET


Updated
      S&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
                                





 
4:55 P.M. ET


                                  iRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels
                                





 
4:52 P.M. ET


Updated
      Long-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally
                                





 
4:49 P.M. ET


                                  SEC concludes initial coin offerings are securities
                                





 
4:46 P.M. ET


                                  Blue Apron co-founder Wadiak to step down from COO role
                                





 
4:46 P.M. ET


                                  Oil tops $48 as sources say API data show big drop in U.S. crude supply
                                





 








































Log In















    New York Markets After Hours
  


Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: ASSET PROTECTION OF AMERICA, INC.
    








    By

Published: Nov 21, 2016 4:52 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  This Form 10-Q includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of  These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as "believes," "anticipates," "expects," "estimates," "plans," "may," "will," or similar terms. These statements appear in a number of places in this Filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, and its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company's financial condition or results of operations for its limited history; (ii) the Company's business and growth strategies; and, (iii) the Company's financing plans. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company's limited operating history, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change and competition.  Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements.  The Company has a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of the Company, its current business and its prospects can be based. The Company's prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development. Such risks include inadequate funding the company's inability to anticipate and adapt to a developing market, the failure of the company's infrastructure, changes in laws that adversely affect the company's business, the ability of the Company to manage its operations, including the amount and timing of capital expenditures and other costs relating to the expansion of the company's operations, the introduction and development of different or more extensive communities by direct and indirect competitors of the Company, including those with greater financial, technical and marketing resources, the inability of the Company to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel and general economic conditions.  The Company expects that its operating expenses will increase significantly, especially as it implements its business plan. To the extent that increases in its operating expenses precede or are not followed by commensurate increases in revenues, or that the Company is unable to adjust operating expense levels accordingly, the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurances that the Company can achieve or sustain profitability or that the Company's operating losses will not increase in the future.  GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  BCI Holding, Inc. (former Asset Protection of America, Inc.) ("the Company", "we", "us" or "our") was incorporated in the state of Nevada on August 27, 2010. Prior to March 28, 2014, the Company's name was Bauman Estate Planning, Inc. The Company engages in the business of estate planning. The Company is a one-stop, full service estate planning and an asset protection company. The Company's staff of professional, dedicated, experienced, knowledgeable and highly competent personnel are trained and licensed to offer a broad range of estate planning services. The Company can assist their customers from minimizing or eliminating probate and/or federal estate taxes to highly sophisticated estate planning tools. The Company's fiscal year is December 31. On August 31, 2016 the Registrant changed the name of the Registrant from Asset Protection of America, Inc. to BCI Holding Inc.  DISCONTINUED OPERATION  In July 2016, the prior sole shareholder of the Company, Todd Bauman ("seller"), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Max Niche Saint Solution PTE LTD ("purchaser"). The seller sold all his shares to the purchaser, closing on August 2, 2016 ("the closing date") and all assets and liabilities before August 2, 2016 were assumed by the seller. As of August 2, 2016, the Company's estate planning business will not be relevant to the Company's future business.  Since July 1, 2016, the Company does not have any business operations.  The Company's results of operations related to discontinued operation have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all periods presented.  Balances for discontinued operation as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:   September 30, December 31, 2016 2015 Assets - current $ - $ 6,119 Assets - noncurrent - 2,143 Liabilities - current - 7,920  The operating results of discontinued operation for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015 classified as discontinued operations are summarized below:   Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Sales $ - $ 5,285 $ - $ 33,210 Cost of Goods Sold - 3,360 - 8,386 Gross Profit - 1,925 - 24,824 Operating Expenses - 68,713 - 102,366 Other Income - - - 386 Net loss from discontinued operations $ - $ (66,788 ) $ - $ (77,156 )  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 COMPARED TO THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015.  Service Revenue  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we generated $0 and $0 in service revenues, respectively.  Cost of Revenue  Our cost of revenue was $0 and $0, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  Operating Expenses  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred $3,750 and $0 in operating expenses, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our operating expenses consisted of $0 and $0 in advertising and marketing expenses, and consisted of $3,500 and $0 in professional fees, respectively.  Net Loss  Our net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,750 compared to net loss of $66,788 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a variance of $63,038 due to discontinued operation discussed above.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 COMPARED TO THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015.  Service Revenue  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we generated $0 and $0 in service revenues, respectively.  Cost of Revenue  Our cost of revenue was $0 and $0, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  Operating Expenses  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred $3,750 and $0 in operating expenses, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our operating expenses consisted of $0 and $0 in advertising and marketing expenses, and consisted of $3,500 and $0 in professional fees, respectively.  Net Loss  Our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $10,998 compared to net loss of $77,156 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a variance of $66,158 due to discontinued operation discussed above.  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  As of September 30, 2016, we had $0 in current assets compared to $6,119 at December 31, 2015. Current liabilities at September 30, 2016 totaled $3,500 compared to $59,420 at December 31, 2015.  These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. While the Company has started to achieve a profitable business, it has yet to demonstrate sustainable profitability where revenue consistently exceeds its operating expenses and it does not currently have the funding to fully implement its business plan. Future losses are anticipated in the continued development of its business, raising substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and, or, obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand, loans from directors or stockholders or through debt or equity financings.  Cash Flows from Operating Activities  For the period ended September 30, 2016, net cash flows used in operating activities was $3,500 compared to $74,619 used in operating activities for the period ended September 30,, 2015, a decrease of $71,119. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company generated losses of $3,500.  Cash Flows from Investing Activities  We had no investing activities during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  Cash Flows from Financing Activities  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received $3,500 advances from a related party compared to $50,000 promissory note issued to unrelated party during nine months ended September 30, 2015.  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  In Financial Reporting release No. 60, "CAUTIONARY ADVICE REGARDING DISCLOSURE ABOUT CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES" ("FRR 60"), the Securities and Exchange Commission suggested that companies provide additional disclosure and commentary on their most critical accounting policies. In FRR 60, the SEC defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and operating results, and require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, our most critical accounting policies include:  Nov 21, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Elon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI


Donald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet


O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family















Most Popular





The biggest dog in the Dow might soon break free





Here’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at records as investors cheer earnings





AMD earnings: How did we get here?





Film Clip: 'The Midwife'




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Credit


Currency


Markets


Supermarkets


Textiles


Gas Prices




Airlines


Oil


Currencies


U.S. Stocks


Retail


Federal Reserve




U.S. Dollar


United Kingdom


Europe


European Markets


Energy Stocks


Copper






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Buffett, Warren


Hill, David


Rather, Dan


Brin, Sergey


King, David




Lewis, Michael


Perry, Rick


Berlusconi, Silvio


McCain, John


Musk, Elon


Carter, Jimmy




Obama, Barack


Clinton, Bill


Jackson, Michael


Bloomberg, Michael


Putin, Vladimir


Snow, John






Companies in the news



Miners


Connor


American International Group


Lilly (Eli) & Co.


Dow Chemical


DuPont




Apple Inc.


American Manufacturing


Ford Motor


General Motors


Jones


3M Co




Bank of America Corp.


Caterpillar Inc.


Dow Jones & Co.


Google Inc.


McDonald's Corp.


News Corp.






Organizations in the news



European Union


Consumers Union


General Assembly


Small Business Administration


European Central Bank


Nasdaq Stock Market




World Bank


World Trade Organization


Bank of England


Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Investment Company Institute


New York Stock Exchange




College Board


New York University


State University of New York


University of Massachusetts


University of Washington


Washington State University












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




5:50 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:20pWhy you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:00p3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:59pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
4:55piRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels
4:53pLong-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally
4:50pSEC concludes initial coin offerings are securities
4:47pBlue Apron co-founder Wadiak to step down from COO role
4:47pOil tops $48 as sources say API data show big drop in U.S. crude supply
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Asset Protection Of America, Inc.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Sec Exhibit 31 Certifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > ASSET PROTECTION OF AMERICA, INC.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Asset Protection Of America, Inc.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification
SEC Exhibit 31 Certifications



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves ASSET PROTECTION OF AMERICA, INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: ASSET PROTECTION OF AMERICA, INC.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Date: 8/22/2016 Industry: Investment Services        Sector: Financial









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 31.1  
 

CERTIFICATION

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 
I, Jean Yves Gicque of Asset Protection of
America, Inc. (the “Company”), certify that:
 



1.


I have reviewed
this 10-Q of the Company;



 



2.


Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;



 



3.


Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report;



 



4.


Together with
the Company’s principal executive officer, I am responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and
have:



 




a.


Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the Company, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
i





 








 
















ASSET PROTECTION OF AMERICA INC Las Vegas NV, 89129 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Securities, Commodity Brokers, and Services
Asset Protection of America Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Asset Protection of America Inc



3425 Cliff Shadows Pkwy, Ste 130

Las Vegas,
							
							
							 NV
							
							
							 89129-5113
							
							 |  view map


(702) 897-9997

www.assetprotectionofamerica.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

ASSET PROTECTION OF AMERICA INC is in the Investment Advice industry in Las Vegas, NV.  This company currently has approximately 20 to 50 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Investment Advice
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						2010
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						20 to 50


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

No Bull Logistics Inc


Garrett Truck Service of Alabama Inc


Sprouts Farmers Market


P & S Transportation Inc


Maricopa Metals Inc


LA Mexicana Tortilleria


Cast Products Inc


Regional Medical Center Board


Standard Equipment CO Inc


Southwest Design & Supply CO








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory!�It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Asset Protection of America Inc
Rate Asset Protection of America Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Asset Protection of America Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











� 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGUE
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC

More
							Today's Hot Companies �



Recently
					Updated Companies

SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
CITY OF SCOTTSDALE
WIMBERLY HOUSE INTERIORS & GIFTS
SHAKTOOLIK NATIVE STORE-38
MARPEC
RIDGE ON SEDONA GOLF RESORT HOA
MURPHY EASTERN OIL CO
CRAFTONS FURNITURE & APPLIANCE
BENT TREE ELECTRIC
CALDWELL LUMBER CO INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies �



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
AZURADISC
PANALPINA INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
STINGER WELDING INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF

More
								Recently Rated Companies �



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  





















Asset Protection of America Inc in Las Vegas NV - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Nevada



                
                >
                

Las Vegas







 Asset Protection of America Inc
                        

Active

                                
                                    Las Vegas,
                                    NV
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Asset Protection of America Inc Overview
  Asset Protection of America Inc filed as a Domestic Corporation in the State of Nevada on Friday, August 27, 2010 and is approximately seven years old, according to public records filed with Nevada Secretary of State.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Asset Protection of America Inc
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Asset Protection of America Inc








Name







                            Jean Yves A Gicquel
                        




                                        President
                                    

                                        Treasurer
                                    

                                        Director
                                    

                                        Secretary
                                    







                            Todd Bauman
                                
                                    8
                                





                                        President
                                    

                                        Treasurer
                                    

                                        Secretary
                                    

                                        Director
                                    







                            Andrea Scott
                        




                                        Secretary
                                    





















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Asset Protection of America Inc










10120 W Flamingo Rd
Las Vegas, NV 89147




9500 W Flamingo Rd
Las Vegas, NV 89147










Corporate Filings for Asset Protection of America Inc








Nevada Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Inactive
Dissolved                                



                                    State:
                                

                                    Nevada
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    E0420252012-5
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Monday, August 13, 2012
                                    



                                        Date Expired:
                                    

                                            Friday, March 28, 2014
                                        



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Todd Bauman
                                    








Nevada Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    Nevada
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    E0426402010-8
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Friday, August 27, 2010
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Todd Bauman
                                    








Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        8/27/2010
                                    

                                        Articles of Incorporation
                                    

                                        Initial Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 75,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 75,000.00
                                    






                                        8/27/2010
                                    

                                        Initial List
                                    








                                        6/20/2011
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        8/13/2012
                                    

                                        Articles of Incorporation
                                    

                                        Initial Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 100,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ $100,000.00
                                    






                                        10/8/2012
                                    

                                        Initial List
                                    








                                        7/1/2013
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        3/28/2014
                                    

                                        Dissolution
                                    








                                        3/28/2014
                                    

                                        Acceptance of Registered Agent
                                    








                                        3/28/2014
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    








                                        3/28/2014
                                    

                                        Dissolution
                                    








                                        3/28/2014
                                    

                                        Miscellaneous
                                    








                                        3/28/2014
                                    

                                        Reinstatement
                                    

                                        REVOIKED 9/1/13 REIN 3/28/14
                                    






                                        4/30/2014
                                    

                                        Correction
                                    








                                        7/2/2014
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        7/2/2015
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        9/8/2016
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    








                                        10/13/2016
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        11/17/2016
                                    

                                        Stock Split
                                    

                                        Previous Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 75,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 75,000.00New Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 5,000,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 5,000,000.00
                                    










Advertisements










Source







Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Asset Protection of America Inc.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Asset Protection of America Inc and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















2
                    Known Addresses
                




                                10120 W Flamingo Rd  Las Vegas, NV 89147

                            


                                9500 W Flamingo Rd  Las Vegas, NV 89147

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Asset Protection of America Inc however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




2
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NV

2012
Domestic Corporation
                            

                                NV

2010
Domestic Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,579 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,725 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,178 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,448 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,349 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,061 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,725 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,860 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,967 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,530 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,174 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,914 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,343 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,780 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,479 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,610 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,576 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,392 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,531 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,012 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,083 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,212 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,252 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,000 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,326 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,149 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,719 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,367 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,905 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,356 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,448 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,357 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,729 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,777 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,349 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,232 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,178 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,697 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,910 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,320 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,974 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Nevada Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Nevada Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Property Profile Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Macario C. Manuel










Kotobuki Marketing, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Takehisa Naito
Keishi Ikeda










Cit Investments LLC

                                                
                                                    Carson City, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Elie Scharf










Pechua

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Huy Truong
Quang Vu Than
Ninh Ngo










Nxxlvl Group Corp

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Fletcher
Willis Oliver
Antoine Keane










Blackbird Logistics Corporation

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy Conder
Kyle McDermaid
Michael Johnson










Bayvest Realty Inc

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        










Savystudio.Com, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Amit Savyon
Shlomo Savyon










Enim, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Carson City, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Moore










Time 2 Get Away Network L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yelena Protopopova
Ben Arave










Miramar Fiduciary Corporation

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tracy Tunney Ward
Scott P. Thomas
Cynthia M. Chiaro










Tgig, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Demetrious Kouretas
Nycole Cummings
I. Scott Bogatz










Premium Produce LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sharon L. Poon
Stephen A. Silverman
Priscilla Vilchis










Das Plane LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Maurice Gallagher
Ronald B. Booth
Robert N. Thompson










Travelers Unlimited Group Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Luter
Jonathan Clarke
Andre Clarke










Bpg Union Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Vincent Molino










Panther Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ken Brazil
Kirk Brazil
Steven R. Campbell










Health Energy Longevity, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        










Ratso, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Corinne Vaughn
Bruce Wagner










High Grade Gypsum LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael J. Rhodes
Ryan Rhodes
Jim Rhodes










Dbnice Ltd

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bai Heng Zhang
Daling Zhang
Yan Xiao










Frontier Estates LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clear As Mud, Inc.
Jared Weiss
Robert Weiss










Elko Mining Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Winnemucca, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard J. Wells










Lone Mountain Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
George Archos
Samuel Dorf
Uc Nevada L.L.C.










Absolute Nevada LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Vicki L. Porter
Carrol Wayne Porter
Donald Hoffman










Gripped Media LLC

                                                
                                                    Washoe Valley, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steven Collins
Angie Collins










Banded Holdings Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sparks, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad Belding
Mark Rice
Brandon Adams










Precision Assets

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Avi Segal
Eyal Karban
Guy Tumarkin










Saticoy Bay LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bay Harbor Trust










Fortifiber Corporation

                                                
                                                    Incline Village, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stuart Yount
Carl Thoms
Chris Yount










Club 662

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tammie Hawkins










The Sterling Group Nv LLC.

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lawrence L. Cary
Karel Novak
Anthony F. Novak










Reed Ventures Consulting, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Reed










Excellence Health Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joel Jan Smolibowski
Luca Leon Jungbauer










Woodlock Industries, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario A. Gallo
John E. Gallo










Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Quizno's

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Waiss
Elden Allard
Michael Meoli










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Mesquite, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Janet Dodenbier










Craft Prep L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario Ortiz










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Sparks, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad Bailey
Bayardo Ballejos
John Eastman










Target Corporation

                                                
                                                    Carson City, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Corina Drake
Ashley Rife










Taco Bell Corp

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cheryl Sehdrau
Angelica Nunec
Alcia Arzola










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lena Leach
Kristie Paccella
Stacey Allison










Sally Beauty Supply, LLC

                                                
                                                    North Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dawn Schvez










Quizno's

                                                
                                                    Mesquite, NV
                                                
                                        










Athlete Acquisitions LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Epner










Target Network Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Luzano










920 Emerald Bay LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Mgo Homes USA LLC

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Todd McKay










Worldwide Debt Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Martin Mazzara



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Worldwide Debt Solutions, LLC
21 days ago


Henderson




Jaac Enterprises
21 days ago


Las Vegas




Blue 6 Group, LLC
21 days ago


Henderson




Mgo Homes USA LLC
21 days ago


Reno




Hom Legacy Fund, LLC
21 days ago


Las Vegas




Target Network Inc
21 days ago


Las Vegas




Tahoe Basin Behavior Analysis LLC
22 days ago


Zephyr Cove




Tlc Properties, LLC
22 days ago


Las Vegas




G2 Components LLC
22 days ago


Sparks




Jas Investments, LLC
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Solid Foundation LLC.
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Ochin LLC
22 days ago


Las Vegas




811 & 817 Rose Ave. Lb, LLC
22 days ago


Stateline




Beating Heart Center LLC., The
22 days ago


Reno




Pro-Tf Fitness LLC
22 days ago


Zephyr Cove




Verdant Building, LLC
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Tocaya Holdings LLC
22 days ago


Incline Village




Mbt 420, LLC
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Left Field Ip Holding, LLC
22 days ago


Silver Springs




Tbk Ip Holding, LLC
22 days ago


Silver Springs




Sa Tuna Inc
22 days ago


Carson City




Lake Tahoe Regional Fire Chiefs Association
22 days ago


Incline Village




Greatest American Services
22 days ago


Stateline




Yet Another Tech, Corp
22 days ago


Minden




Real Wealth Realty, Inc.
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Head First, Inc.
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Flavor Waves, Inc.
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Lps Capital Holdings LLC
26 days ago


Carson City




Lifestyles Housing Solutions LLC.
26 days ago


Las Vegas




to The Top Enterprises, LLC
27 days ago


Las Vegas




Songbird Dream Investments, LLC
28 days ago


Las Vegas




Renaissance
28 days ago


Las Vegas




Elizabeth Bray DMD PC
28 days ago


Reno




Craft Prep L.L.C.
29 days ago


Reno




920 Emerald Bay LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Kenna IV, LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Junk One, LLC
29 days ago


Henderson




Surkart Equipment LLC
29 days ago


Stateline




Protomation Systems LLC
29 days ago


Zephyr Cove




Gatsby Development LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Kb California Dialysis St, LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Fire Pizza LLC
29 days ago


Gardnerville




Trinity Property Company LLC
29 days ago


Reno




Pv Asset Management, LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Cpap Store Los Angeles, LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Rep Plumbing, LLC
29 days ago


Minden




Tran, Kiss, & Daniels Limited Liability Co.
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Mohrschladt-Howarth Associates, Inc.
29 days ago


Carson City




Accurate Installations, Inc
29 days ago


Las Vegas









Top cities in Nevada





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Las Vegas
                


                616,273
            



                2
            


                    Henderson
                


                125,298
            



                3
            


                    Reno
                


                109,323
            



                4
            


                    Carson City
                


                84,871
            



                5
            


                    North Las Vegas
                


                27,233
            



                6
            


                    Sparks
                


                24,271
            



                7
            


                    Mesquite
                


                17,596
            



                8
            


                    Minden
                


                11,002
            



                9
            


                    Ely
                


                10,808
            



                10
            


                    Incline Village
                


                10,709
            



                11
            


                    Gardnerville
                


                7,334
            



                12
            


                    Pahrump
                


                7,238
            



                13
            


                    Boulder City
                


                5,458
            



                14
            


                    Elko
                


                5,320
            



                15
            


                    Stateline
                


                5,157
            



                16
            


                    Fallon
                


                4,077
            



                17
            


                    Fernley
                


                3,974
            



                18
            


                    Zephyr Cove
                


                3,911
            



                19
            


                    Silver Springs
                


                3,620
            



                20
            


                    Winnemucca
                


                2,376
            



                21
            


                    Dayton
                


                2,139
            



                22
            


                    Spring Creek
                


                1,730
            



                23
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                1,434
            



                24
            


                    Laughlin
                


                1,349
            



                25
            


                    Yerington
                


                1,285
            



                26
            


                    Verdi
                


                1,179
            



                27
            


                    Washoe Valley
                


                1,039
            



                28
            


                    Logandale
                


                829
            



                29
            


                    Overton
                


                815
            



                30
            


                    Genoa
                


                765
            



                31
            


                    Battle Mountain
                


                653
            



                32
            


                    Wellington
                


                625
            



                33
            


                    Lovelock
                


                592
            



                34
            


                    Crystal Bay
                


                580
            



                35
            


                    Glenbrook
                


                557
            



                36
            


                    Virginia City
                


                553
            



                37
            


                    Tonopah
                


                444
            



                38
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                431
            



                39
            


                    Jean
                


                419
            



                40
            


                    Wells
                


                413
            



                41
            


                    Eureka
                


                322
            



                42
            


                    Mound House
                


                257
            



                43
            


                    Caliente
                


                226
            



                44
            


                    Pioche
                


                214
            



                45
            


                    Lamoille
                


                202
            



                46
            


                    Alamo
                


                197
            



                47
            


                    Moapa
                


                197
            



                48
            


                    Carlin
                


                196
            



                49
            


                    Amargosa Valley
                


                195
            



                50
            


                    Bunkerville
                


                194
            



                51
            


                    Smith
                


                194
            



                52
            


                    Round Mountain
                


                180
            



                53
            


                    Panaca
                


                177
            



                54
            


                    Stagecoach
                


                167
            



                55
            


                    Beatty
                


                157
            



                56
            


                    Blue Diamond
                


                155
            



                57
            


                    Sandy Valley
                


                155
            



                58
            


                    West Wendover
                


                147
            



                59
            


                    Austin
                


                144
            



                60
            


                    Searchlight
                


                134
            



                61
            


                    Nellis Afb
                


                132
            



                62
            


                    Indian Springs
                


                130
            



                63
            


                    Orovada
                


                127
            



                64
            


                    Goldfield
                


                126
            



                65
            


                    Dyer
                


                120
            



                66
            


                    McGill
                


                112
            



                67
            


                    Wadsworth
                


                100
            



                68
            


                    Wendover
                


                85
            



                69
            


                    Silver City
                


                84
            



                70
            


                    Deeth
                


                80
            



                71
            


                    Paradise Valley
                


                80
            



                72
            


                    Baker
                


                77
            



                73
            


                    McCarran
                


                77
            



                74
            


                    Gerlach
                


                76
            



                75
            


                    Hiko
                


                75
            



                76
            


                    Lund
                


                72
            



                77
            


                    Ruby Valley
                


                69
            



                78
            


                    Imlay
                


                66
            



                79
            


                    Crescent Valley
                


                65
            



                80
            


                    Jackpot
                


                63
            



                81
            


                    McDermitt
                


                59
            



                82
            


                    Schurz
                


                57
            



                83
            


                    Mina
                


                56
            



                84
            


                    Montello
                


                47
            



                85
            


                    Spanish Springs
                


                47
            



                86
            


                    Tuscarora
                


                45
            



                87
            


                    Owyhee
                


                44
            



                88
            


                    Cal Nev Ari
                


                41
            



                89
            


                    Gabbs
                


                39
            



                90
            


                    Golconda
                


                39
            



                91
            


                    Ruth
                


                36
            



                92
            


                    Empire
                


                35
            



                93
            


                    Manhattan
                


                35
            



                94
            


                    Denio
                


                32
            



                95
            


                    Charlestown Nevis
                


                31
            



                96
            


                    Primm
                


                31
            



                97
            


                    Nixon
                


                29
            



                98
            


                    Goodsprings
                


                28
            



                99
            


                    Sloan
                


                26
            



                100
            


                    Mountain City
                


                25
            



                101
            


                    Valmy
                


                25
            



                102
            


                    Mercury
                


                23
            



                103
            


                    Silverpeak
                


                23
            



                104
            


                    Mount Charleston
                


                21
            



                105
            


                    Duckwater
                


                20
            



                106
            


                    Walker Lake
                


                20
            



                107
            


                    Lockwood
                


                18
            



                108
            


                    Jarbidge
                


                16
            



                109
            


                    Lake Tahoe
                


                13
            



                110
            


                    Beowawe
                


                12
            



                111
            


                    Gold Hill
                


                12
            



                112
            


                    St Las Vegas
                


                12
            



                113
            





                11
            



                114
            


                    Lake City
                


                10
            



                115
            


                    Midas
                


                10
            



                116
            


                    Mountain Springs
                


                10
            



                117
            


                    The Lakes
                


                10
            



                118
            


                    Luning
                


                9
            



                119
            


                    XX
                


                9
            



                120
            


                    None None
                


                8
            



                121
            


                    Palm Gardens
                


                8
            



                122
            


                    Unionville
                


                8
            



                123
            


                    X
                


                8
            



                124
            


                    Carson
                


                7
            



                125
            


                    Charlestown
                


                7
            



                126
            


                    Coyote Springs
                


                7
            



                127
            


                    So Buffalo Drive Suite A 101-419 Las Vegas
                


                7
            



                128
            


                    St Henderson
                


                7
            



                129
            


                    Cold Creek
                


                6
            



                130
            


                    Curacao
                


                6
            



                131
            


                    Gold Point
                


                6
            



                132
            


                    Lane
                


                6
            



                133
            


                    Los Angles
                


                6
            



                134
            


                    2nd Fl Las Vegas
                


                5
            



                135
            


                    City
                


                5
            



                136
            


                    Copenhagen
                


                5
            



                137
            


                    Lv
                


                5
            



                138
            


                    Vegas
                


                5
            



                139
            


                    Gold River
                


                4
            



                140
            


                    Jordan
                


                4
            



                141
            


                    Main St. Charlestown
                


                4
            



                142
            


                    Oasis
                


                4
            



                143
            


                    San Diego
                


                4
            



                144
            


                    Valley
                


                4
            



                145
            


                    112 Reno
                


                3
            



                146
            


                    689 Tina Court A Family Trust/Mbr Stateline
                


                3
            



                147
            


                    C/O Hacienda Hotel U S Highway 93 Boulder City
                


                3
            



                148
            


                    Ch Nevis
                


                3
            



                149
            


                    City of Industry
                


                3
            



                150
            


                    Culver City
                


                3
            



                151
            


                    Del Norte Wy Rayomun Contractor N Las Vegas
                


                3
            



                152
            


                    Japan
                


                3
            



                153
            


                    Las Vegas 19
                


                3
            



                154
            


                    London
                


                3
            



                155
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                3
            



                156
            


                    Nelson
                


                3
            



                157
            


                    Oklahoma City
                


                3
            



                158
            


                    Phoenix
                


                3
            



                159
            


                    PO Box 2445 Pahrump
                


                3
            



                160
            


                    Seoul Korea
                


                3
            



                161
            


                    Vancouver Bc
                


                3
            



                162
            


                    Xxxxxxx
                


                3
            



                163
            


                    1350 East Flamingo Jerry Goeden Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                164
            


                    1521 Silent Sunset Avenue North Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                165
            


                    209 Reno
                


                2
            



                166
            


                    263 Henderson
                


                2
            



                167
            


                    8-9-15 Goinza Chuo-Ku Tokoyo Japan
                


                2
            



                168
            


                    A-2 Minden
                


                2
            



                169
            


                    at Mathis Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                170
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                2
            



                171
            


                    Brook
                


                2
            



                172
            


                    C-15 Henderson
                


                2
            



                173
            


                    C/O National Registered Agents Carson City
                


                2
            



                174
            


                    C/O Ra Carson City
                


                2
            



                175
            


                    Cal-Nev-Ari
                


                2
            



                176
            


                    Cc
                


                2
            



                177
            


                    Central Hong Kong
                


                2
            



                178
            


                    Chandler
                


                2
            



                179
            


                    Charelston
                


                2
            



                180
            


                    Charleston
                


                2
            



                181
            


                    Charlotte
                


                2
            



                182
            


                    Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                183
            


                    Cincinati
                


                2
            



                184
            


                    Clayton
                


                2
            



                185
            


                    Clifton Bristol
                


                2
            



                186
            


                    Clinch's House Lord Street Douglas Isle of Man
                


                2
            



                187
            


                    Coral Gables
                


                2
            



                188
            


                    Crystal
                


                2
            



                189
            


                    David Bear Mooresville
                


                2
            



                190
            


                    Divine Life and His Su Overseer of T Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                191
            


                    Dk 2400 Copenhagen
                


                2
            



                192
            


                    Dk 5210 Odense
                


                2
            



                193
            


                    Dr
                


                2
            



                194
            


                    E28 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                195
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                2
            



                196
            


                    Elsinore
                


                2
            



                197
            


                    Florham Park
                


                2
            



                198
            


                    Foster City
                


                2
            



                199
            


                    Fruit Heights
                


                2
            



                200
            


                    Gd PO Box 3390 Manoukian Scarpello Stateline
                


                2
            



                201
            


                    General Partner Dallas
                


                2
            



                202
            


                    Greenwood Village
                


                2
            



                203
            


                    Hollywood
                


                2
            



                204
            


                    James Colgan M D Carson City
                


                2
            



                205
            


                    Jiggs
                


                2
            



                206
            


                    La Cruces
                


                2
            



                207
            


                    Lak Tahoe
                


                2
            



                208
            


                    Lake Tahoe Stateline
                


                2
            



                209
            


                    Manager/Member D Ruth Ahl Family Tr Henderson
                


                2
            



                210
            


                    Member Paul A Covec/Joanne Incline Village
                


                2
            



                211
            


                    Moapa Valley
                


                2
            



                212
            


                    N/A N/A
                


                2
            



                213
            


                    None Listed
                


                2
            



                214
            


                    None Listed None
                


                2
            



                215
            


                    None Listed None Listed
                


                2
            



                216
            


                    None Stated Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                217
            


                    Nv Corp Reno
                


                2
            



                218
            


                    O Howard Hughes C Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                219
            


                    Oklahoma City Ok
                


                2
            



                220
            


                    Oliaji Trade Francis Rachel Mahe Seychelles
                


                2
            



                221
            


                    Oranjestad
                


                2
            



                222
            


                    Oranjestard Aruba
                


                2
            



                223
            


                    Pasadena
                


                2
            



                224
            


                    Plantation
                


                2
            



                225
            


                    PO Box 113 Deerfield
                


                2
            



                226
            


                    PO Box 27740
                


                2
            



                227
            


                    PO Box 7872 Incline Village
                


                2
            



                228
            


                    Preston
                


                2
            



                229
            


                    Provo
                


                2
            



                230
            


                    Ranleigh
                


                2
            



                231
            


                    Rich Stand International Co LLC Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                232
            


                    Saint Louis
                


                2
            



                233
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                2
            



                234
            


                    Scottsdale
                


                2
            



                235
            


                    Seattle
                


                2
            



                236
            


                    Seattle Washington
                


                2
            



                237
            


                    Secon Floor Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                238
            


                    Shakiba Ghobadpour Reno
                


                2
            



                239
            


                    Siegfried H Wallin Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                240
            


                    Springs
                


                2
            



                241
            


                    Ste 101 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                242
            


                    Ste 366 Reno
                


                2
            



                243
            


                    Ste 500 On and Werner Bentler Reno Family Trust
                


                2
            



                244
            


                    Steve Bufington Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                245
            


                    Stuite 100 Roseville
                


                2
            



                246
            


                    Suite 365 Las Veags
                


                2
            



                247
            


                    Suite 400 Boca Raton
                


                2
            



                248
            


                    T Mathis Pres Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                249
            


                    Tahoe
                


                2
            



                250
            


                    The Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                251
            


                    Uknown
                


                2
            



                252
            


                    University of Nevada School of Medicine Reno
                


                2
            



                253
            


                    Vancouver B C
                


                2
            



                254
            


                    Vista
                


                2
            



                255
            


                    Washington 739
                


                2
            



                256
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                2
            



                257
            


                    Westley
                


                2
            



                258
            


                    Wilmington
                


                2
            



                259
            


                    Winston-Salem
                


                2
            



                260
            


                    XX Carson City
                


                2
            



                261
            


                    Xxxx
                


                2
            



                262
            


                    Xxxxx
                


                2
            



                263
            


                    Xxxxxx
                


                2
            



                264
            


                    .
                


                1
            



                265
            


                    ...
                


                1
            



                266
            


                    101 Convention Center Dr Ste 700 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                267
            


                    10th Fl Boulder City
                


                1
            



                268
            


                    110 Reno
                


                1
            



                269
            


                    1193A Hwy 50 Zephyr Cove
                


                1
            



                270
            


                    11th Floor New York City
                


                1
            



                271
            


                    120-146 Hednerson
                


                1
            



                272
            


                    1224 New York
                


                1
            



                273
            


                    137 C/O Falcon Hawk Entertainment Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                274
            


                    158 Costa Mesa
                


                1
            



                275
            


                    160 Bailey Dr Hawthorne
                


                1
            



                276
            


                    163 Sacramento
                


                1
            



                277
            


                    19A New York
                


                1
            



                278
            


                    1st Fl Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                279
            


                    2-J New York
                


                1
            



                280
            


                    2047 West Charleston Blvd Ste 120 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                281
            


                    234 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                282
            


                    238 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                283
            


                    23rd Floor New York
                


                1
            



                284
            


                    2406 Cornice Court S Lake Tahoe
                


                1
            



                285
            


                    251 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                286
            


                    2610 W Halcome Blvd Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                287
            


                    2654 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy Ste B-5 Henderson
                


                1
            



                288
            


                    28th Fl New York
                


                1
            



                289
            


                    291 Henderson
                


                1
            



                290
            


                    2A New York
                


                1
            



                291
            


                    2URRIE6
                


                1
            



                292
            


                    3 Reno
                


                1
            



                293
            


                    321 Ski Way Unit 102 Incline Village
                


                1
            



                294
            


                    355 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                295
            


                    366 Carson
                


                1
            



                296
            


                    3675 S Rainbow Blvd Ste 107-400 Searchlight
                


                1
            



                297
            


                    36th Floor New York
                


                1
            



                298
            


                    38W New York
                


                1
            



                299
            


                    392 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                300
            


                    400 Las Vegas
                


                1
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Las Vegas, Nevada Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Las Vegas, NV Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Nevada








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Property Profile Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Macario C. Manuel










Kotobuki Marketing, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Takehisa Naito
Keishi Ikeda










Pechua

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Huy Truong
Quang Vu Than
Ninh Ngo










Nxxlvl Group Corp

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Fletcher
Willis Oliver
Antoine Keane










Time 2 Get Away Network L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yelena Protopopova
Ben Arave










Tgig, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Demetrious Kouretas
Nycole Cummings
I. Scott Bogatz










Das Plane LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Maurice Gallagher
Ronald B. Booth
Robert N. Thompson










Premium Produce LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sharon L. Poon
Stephen A. Silverman
Priscilla Vilchis










Travelers Unlimited Group Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Luter
Jonathan Clarke
Andre Clarke










Panther Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ken Brazil
Kirk Brazil
Steven R. Campbell










Ratso, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Corinne Vaughn
Bruce Wagner










Dbnice Ltd

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bai Heng Zhang
Daling Zhang
Yan Xiao










High Grade Gypsum LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael J. Rhodes
Ryan Rhodes
Jim Rhodes










Frontier Estates LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clear As Mud, Inc.
Jared Weiss
Robert Weiss










Saticoy Bay LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bay Harbor Trust










Precision Assets

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Avi Segal
Eyal Karban
Guy Tumarkin










Absolute Nevada LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Vicki L. Porter
Carrol Wayne Porter
Donald Hoffman










Lone Mountain Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
George Archos
Samuel Dorf
Uc Nevada L.L.C.










Club 662

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tammie Hawkins










Excellence Health Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joel Jan Smolibowski
Luca Leon Jungbauer










Woodlock Industries, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario A. Gallo
John E. Gallo










Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Quizno's

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Waiss
Elden Allard
Michael Meoli










Athlete Acquisitions LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Epner










Mbt 420, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Jaac Enterprises

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeanette S. Martin










Hom Legacy Fund, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Leonard Hom Lee










Lifestyles Housing Solutions LLC.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Howard H. Piper










920 Emerald Bay LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Target Network Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Luzano










Flavor Waves, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Kb California Dialysis St, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Head First, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Ochin LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Gatsby Development LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Kenna IV, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Real Wealth Realty, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Solid Foundation LLC.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Tlc Properties, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Jas Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Verdant Building, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Songbird Dream Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sandra A. Zoellner
Michael P. McCarthy










Petsmart, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rose Flores
Jim Antupoulos
Rich Stiso










Taco Bell Corp

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alex Alvardo
Daniela Butnoy










360 Jets Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chun Kim
Eun Joo Hwang
Kerry Park










Pv Asset Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Accurate Installations, Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Cpap Store Los Angeles, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Uc Nevada L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chadwick C. Ruby




















                    Recently found companies in Las Vegas
                





Company
Found




Jaac Enterprises


                21 days ago
            



Hom Legacy Fund, LLC


                21 days ago
            



Target Network Inc


                21 days ago
            



Tlc Properties, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Jas Investments, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Solid Foundation LLC.


                22 days ago
            



Ochin LLC


                22 days ago
            



Verdant Building, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Mbt 420, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Real Wealth Realty, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Head First, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Flavor Waves, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Lifestyles Housing Solutions LLC.


                26 days ago
            



to The Top Enterprises, LLC


                27 days ago
            



Songbird Dream Investments, LLC


                28 days ago
            



Renaissance


                28 days ago
            



920 Emerald Bay LLC


                29 days ago
            



Kenna IV, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Gatsby Development LLC


                29 days ago
            



Kb California Dialysis St, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Pv Asset Management, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Cpap Store Los Angeles, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Tran, Kiss, & Daniels Limited Liability Co.


                29 days ago
            



Accurate Installations, Inc


                29 days ago
            



Lph Consulting Group, Inc.


                29 days ago
            



Reichert Chiropractic, Inc.


                29 days ago
            



Gsc US Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As Grasshopper Solar


                29 days ago
            



Mvp Preferred Parking, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Groveland 1, LLC


                1 month ago
            



High Rollers Luxury Smoking LLC


                1 month ago
            



Rsa Holdings La Jolla, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Dw Holland Waterproofing, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Pssi News Group LLC


                1 month ago
            



1st Choice Properties, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Quality Investment Properties, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Red Cherry Group, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



The Lux Group, Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As The Lux Group Real Estate


                1 month ago
            



Access Capital, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Black Thunder, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Linnez Corporation


                1 month ago
            



Lpisr Inc


                1 month ago
            



AC Property Mgmt., LLC


                1 month ago
            



Pacific Real Estate School LLC


                1 month ago
            



Pw Agency, LLC.


                1 month ago
            



Tk-421, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Ipop L.L.C.


                1 month ago
            



Spanish Hills Apartments Holdings Limited Partnership


                1 month ago
            



Courtyard Realty Holding LLC


                1 month ago
            



Advanced Pipe Restoration & Repipe Co.


                1 month ago
            








Top cities in Nevada





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Las Vegas
                


                616,273
            



                2
            


                    Henderson
                


                125,298
            



                3
            


                    Reno
                


                109,323
            



                4
            


                    Carson City
                


                84,871
            



                5
            


                    North Las Vegas
                


                27,233
            



                6
            


                    Sparks
                


                24,271
            



                7
            


                    Mesquite
                


                17,596
            



                8
            


                    Minden
                


                11,002
            



                9
            


                    Ely
                


                10,808
            



                10
            


                    Incline Village
                


                10,709
            



                11
            


                    Gardnerville
                


                7,334
            



                12
            


                    Pahrump
                


                7,238
            



                13
            


                    Boulder City
                


                5,458
            



                14
            


                    Elko
                


                5,320
            



                15
            


                    Stateline
                


                5,157
            



                16
            


                    Fallon
                


                4,077
            



                17
            


                    Fernley
                


                3,974
            



                18
            


                    Zephyr Cove
                


                3,911
            



                19
            


                    Silver Springs
                


                3,620
            



                20
            


                    Winnemucca
                


                2,376
            



                21
            


                    Dayton
                


                2,139
            



                22
            


                    Spring Creek
                


                1,730
            



                23
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                1,434
            



                24
            


                    Laughlin
                


                1,349
            



                25
            


                    Yerington
                


                1,285
            



                26
            


                    Verdi
                


                1,179
            



                27
            


                    Washoe Valley
                


                1,039
            



                28
            


                    Logandale
                


                829
            



                29
            


                    Overton
                


                815
            



                30
            


                    Genoa
                


                765
            



                31
            


                    Battle Mountain
                


                653
            



                32
            


                    Wellington
                


                625
            



                33
            


                    Lovelock
                


                592
            



                34
            


                    Crystal Bay
                


                580
            



                35
            


                    Glenbrook
                


                557
            



                36
            


                    Virginia City
                


                553
            



                37
            


                    Tonopah
                


                444
            



                38
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                431
            



                39
            


                    Jean
                


                419
            



                40
            


                    Wells
                


                413
            



                41
            


                    Eureka
                


                322
            



                42
            


                    Mound House
                


                257
            



                43
            


                    Caliente
                


                226
            



                44
            


                    Pioche
                


                214
            



                45
            


                    Lamoille
                


                202
            



                46
            


                    Alamo
                


                197
            



                47
            


                    Moapa
                


                197
            



                48
            


                    Carlin
                


                196
            



                49
            


                    Amargosa Valley
                


                195
            



                50
            


                    Bunkerville
                


                194
            



                51
            


                    Smith
                


                194
            



                52
            


                    Round Mountain
                


                180
            



                53
            


                    Panaca
                


                177
            



                54
            


                    Stagecoach
                


                167
            



                55
            


                    Beatty
                


                157
            



                56
            


                    Blue Diamond
                


                155
            



                57
            


                    Sandy Valley
                


                155
            



                58
            


                    West Wendover
                


                147
            



                59
            


                    Austin
                


                144
            



                60
            


                    Searchlight
                


                134
            



                61
            


                    Nellis Afb
                


                132
            



                62
            


                    Indian Springs
                


                130
            



                63
            


                    Orovada
                


                127
            



                64
            


                    Goldfield
                


                126
            



                65
            


                    Dyer
                


                120
            



                66
            


                    McGill
                


                112
            



                67
            


                    Wadsworth
                


                100
            



                68
            


                    Wendover
                


                85
            



                69
            


                    Silver City
                


                84
            



                70
            


                    Deeth
                


                80
            



                71
            


                    Paradise Valley
                


                80
            



                72
            


                    Baker
                


                77
            



                73
            


                    McCarran
                


                77
            



                74
            


                    Gerlach
                


                76
            



                75
            


                    Hiko
                


                75
            



                76
            


                    Lund
                


                72
            



                77
            


                    Ruby Valley
                


                69
            



                78
            


                    Imlay
                


                66
            



                79
            


                    Crescent Valley
                


                65
            



                80
            


                    Jackpot
                


                63
            



                81
            


                    McDermitt
                


                59
            



                82
            


                    Schurz
                


                57
            



                83
            


                    Mina
                


                56
            



                84
            


                    Montello
                


                47
            



                85
            


                    Spanish Springs
                


                47
            



                86
            


                    Tuscarora
                


                45
            



                87
            


                    Owyhee
                


                44
            



                88
            


                    Cal Nev Ari
                


                41
            



                89
            


                    Gabbs
                


                39
            



                90
            


                    Golconda
                


                39
            



                91
            


                    Ruth
                


                36
            



                92
            


                    Empire
                


                35
            



                93
            


                    Manhattan
                


                35
            



                94
            


                    Denio
                


                32
            



                95
            


                    Charlestown Nevis
                


                31
            



                96
            


                    Primm
                


                31
            



                97
            


                    Nixon
                


                29
            



                98
            


                    Goodsprings
                


                28
            



                99
            


                    Sloan
                


                26
            



                100
            


                    Mountain City
                


                25
            



                101
            


                    Valmy
                


                25
            



                102
            


                    Mercury
                


                23
            



                103
            


                    Silverpeak
                


                23
            



                104
            


                    Mount Charleston
                


                21
            



                105
            


                    Duckwater
                


                20
            



                106
            


                    Walker Lake
                


                20
            



                107
            


                    Lockwood
                


                18
            



                108
            


                    Jarbidge
                


                16
            



                109
            


                    Lake Tahoe
                


                13
            



                110
            


                    Beowawe
                


                12
            



                111
            


                    Gold Hill
                


                12
            



                112
            


                    St Las Vegas
                


                12
            



                113
            





                11
            



                114
            


                    Lake City
                


                10
            



                115
            


                    Midas
                


                10
            



                116
            


                    Mountain Springs
                


                10
            



                117
            


                    The Lakes
                


                10
            



                118
            


                    Luning
                


                9
            



                119
            


                    XX
                


                9
            



                120
            


                    None None
                


                8
            



                121
            


                    Palm Gardens
                


                8
            



                122
            


                    Unionville
                


                8
            



                123
            


                    X
                


                8
            



                124
            


                    Carson
                


                7
            



                125
            


                    Charlestown
                


                7
            



                126
            


                    Coyote Springs
                


                7
            



                127
            


                    So Buffalo Drive Suite A 101-419 Las Vegas
                


                7
            



                128
            


                    St Henderson
                


                7
            



                129
            


                    Cold Creek
                


                6
            



                130
            


                    Curacao
                


                6
            



                131
            


                    Gold Point
                


                6
            



                132
            


                    Lane
                


                6
            



                133
            


                    Los Angles
                


                6
            



                134
            


                    2nd Fl Las Vegas
                


                5
            



                135
            


                    City
                


                5
            



                136
            


                    Copenhagen
                


                5
            



                137
            


                    Lv
                


                5
            



                138
            


                    Vegas
                


                5
            



                139
            


                    Gold River
                


                4
            



                140
            


                    Jordan
                


                4
            



                141
            


                    Main St. Charlestown
                


                4
            



                142
            


                    Oasis
                


                4
            



                143
            


                    San Diego
                


                4
            



                144
            


                    Valley
                


                4
            



                145
            


                    112 Reno
                


                3
            



                146
            


                    689 Tina Court A Family Trust/Mbr Stateline
                


                3
            



                147
            


                    C/O Hacienda Hotel U S Highway 93 Boulder City
                


                3
            



                148
            


                    Ch Nevis
                


                3
            



                149
            


                    City of Industry
                


                3
            



                150
            


                    Culver City
                


                3
            



                151
            


                    Del Norte Wy Rayomun Contractor N Las Vegas
                


                3
            



                152
            


                    Japan
                


                3
            



                153
            


                    Las Vegas 19
                


                3
            



                154
            


                    London
                


                3
            



                155
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                3
            



                156
            


                    Nelson
                


                3
            



                157
            


                    Oklahoma City
                


                3
            



                158
            


                    Phoenix
                


                3
            



                159
            


                    PO Box 2445 Pahrump
                


                3
            



                160
            


                    Seoul Korea
                


                3
            



                161
            


                    Vancouver Bc
                


                3
            



                162
            


                    Xxxxxxx
                


                3
            



                163
            


                    1350 East Flamingo Jerry Goeden Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                164
            


                    1521 Silent Sunset Avenue North Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                165
            


                    209 Reno
                


                2
            



                166
            


                    263 Henderson
                


                2
            



                167
            


                    8-9-15 Goinza Chuo-Ku Tokoyo Japan
                


                2
            



                168
            


                    A-2 Minden
                


                2
            



                169
            


                    at Mathis Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                170
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                2
            



                171
            


                    Brook
                


                2
            



                172
            


                    C-15 Henderson
                


                2
            



                173
            


                    C/O National Registered Agents Carson City
                


                2
            



                174
            


                    C/O Ra Carson City
                


                2
            



                175
            


                    Cal-Nev-Ari
                


                2
            



                176
            


                    Cc
                


                2
            



                177
            


                    Central Hong Kong
                


                2
            



                178
            


                    Chandler
                


                2
            



                179
            


                    Charelston
                


                2
            



                180
            


                    Charleston
                


                2
            



                181
            


                    Charlotte
                


                2
            



                182
            


                    Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                183
            


                    Cincinati
                


                2
            



                184
            


                    Clayton
                


                2
            



                185
            


                    Clifton Bristol
                


                2
            



                186
            


                    Clinch's House Lord Street Douglas Isle of Man
                


                2
            



                187
            


                    Coral Gables
                


                2
            



                188
            


                    Crystal
                


                2
            



                189
            


                    David Bear Mooresville
                


                2
            



                190
            


                    Divine Life and His Su Overseer of T Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                191
            


                    Dk 2400 Copenhagen
                


                2
            



                192
            


                    Dk 5210 Odense
                


                2
            



                193
            


                    Dr
                


                2
            



                194
            


                    E28 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                195
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                2
            



                196
            


                    Elsinore
                


                2
            



                197
            


                    Florham Park
                


                2
            



                198
            


                    Foster City
                


                2
            



                199
            


                    Fruit Heights
                


                2
            



                200
            


                    Gd PO Box 3390 Manoukian Scarpello Stateline
                


                2
            



                201
            


                    General Partner Dallas
                


                2
            



                202
            


                    Greenwood Village
                


                2
            



                203
            


                    Hollywood
                


                2
            



                204
            


                    James Colgan M D Carson City
                


                2
            



                205
            


                    Jiggs
                


                2
            



                206
            


                    La Cruces
                


                2
            



                207
            


                    Lak Tahoe
                


                2
            



                208
            


                    Lake Tahoe Stateline
                


                2
            



                209
            


                    Manager/Member D Ruth Ahl Family Tr Henderson
                


                2
            



                210
            


                    Member Paul A Covec/Joanne Incline Village
                


                2
            



                211
            


                    Moapa Valley
                


                2
            



                212
            


                    N/A N/A
                


                2
            



                213
            


                    None Listed
                


                2
            



                214
            


                    None Listed None
                


                2
            



                215
            


                    None Listed None Listed
                


                2
            



                216
            


                    None Stated Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                217
            


                    Nv Corp Reno
                


                2
            



                218
            


                    O Howard Hughes C Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                219
            


                    Oklahoma City Ok
                


                2
            



                220
            


                    Oliaji Trade Francis Rachel Mahe Seychelles
                


                2
            



                221
            


                    Oranjestad
                


                2
            



                222
            


                    Oranjestard Aruba
                


                2
            



                223
            


                    Pasadena
                


                2
            



                224
            


                    Plantation
                


                2
            



                225
            


                    PO Box 113 Deerfield
                


                2
            



                226
            


                    PO Box 27740
                


                2
            



                227
            


                    PO Box 7872 Incline Village
                


                2
            



                228
            


                    Preston
                


                2
            



                229
            


                    Provo
                


                2
            



                230
            


                    Ranleigh
                


                2
            



                231
            


                    Rich Stand International Co LLC Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                232
            


                    Saint Louis
                


                2
            



                233
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                2
            



                234
            


                    Scottsdale
                


                2
            



                235
            


                    Seattle
                


                2
            



                236
            


                    Seattle Washington
                


                2
            



                237
            


                    Secon Floor Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                238
            


                    Shakiba Ghobadpour Reno
                


                2
            



                239
            


                    Siegfried H Wallin Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                240
            


                    Springs
                


                2
            



                241
            


                    Ste 101 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                242
            


                    Ste 366 Reno
                


                2
            



                243
            


                    Ste 500 On and Werner Bentler Reno Family Trust
                


                2
            



                244
            


                    Steve Bufington Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                245
            


                    Stuite 100 Roseville
                


                2
            



                246
            


                    Suite 365 Las Veags
                


                2
            



                247
            


                    Suite 400 Boca Raton
                


                2
            



                248
            


                    T Mathis Pres Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                249
            


                    Tahoe
                


                2
            



                250
            


                    The Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                251
            


                    Uknown
                


                2
            



                252
            


                    University of Nevada School of Medicine Reno
                


                2
            



                253
            


                    Vancouver B C
                


                2
            



                254
            


                    Vista
                


                2
            



                255
            


                    Washington 739
                


                2
            



                256
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                2
            



                257
            


                    Westley
                


                2
            



                258
            


                    Wilmington
                


                2
            



                259
            


                    Winston-Salem
                


                2
            



                260
            


                    XX Carson City
                


                2
            



                261
            


                    Xxxx
                


                2
            



                262
            


                    Xxxxx
                


                2
            



                263
            


                    Xxxxxx
                


                2
            



                264
            


                    .
                


                1
            



                265
            


                    ...
                


                1
            



                266
            


                    101 Convention Center Dr Ste 700 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                267
            


                    10th Fl Boulder City
                


                1
            



                268
            


                    110 Reno
                


                1
            



                269
            


                    1193A Hwy 50 Zephyr Cove
                


                1
            



                270
            


                    11th Floor New York City
                


                1
            



                271
            


                    120-146 Hednerson
                


                1
            



                272
            


                    1224 New York
                


                1
            



                273
            


                    137 C/O Falcon Hawk Entertainment Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                274
            


                    158 Costa Mesa
                


                1
            



                275
            


                    160 Bailey Dr Hawthorne
                


                1
            



                276
            


                    163 Sacramento
                


                1
            



                277
            


                    19A New York
                


                1
            



                278
            


                    1st Fl Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                279
            


                    2-J New York
                


                1
            



                280
            


                    2047 West Charleston Blvd Ste 120 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                281
            


                    234 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                282
            


                    238 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                283
            


                    23rd Floor New York
                


                1
            



                284
            


                    2406 Cornice Court S Lake Tahoe
                


                1
            



                285
            


                    251 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                286
            


                    2610 W Halcome Blvd Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                287
            


                    2654 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy Ste B-5 Henderson
                


                1
            



                288
            


                    28th Fl New York
                


                1
            



                289
            


                    291 Henderson
                


                1
            



                290
            


                    2A New York
                


                1
            



                291
            


                    2URRIE6
                


                1
            



                292
            


                    3 Reno
                


                1
            



                293
            


                    321 Ski Way Unit 102 Incline Village
                


                1
            



                294
            


                    355 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                295
            


                    366 Carson
                


                1
            



                296
            


                    3675 S Rainbow Blvd Ste 107-400 Searchlight
                


                1
            



                297
            


                    36th Floor New York
                


                1
            



                298
            


                    38W New York
                


                1
            



                299
            


                    392 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                300
            


                    400 Las Vegas
                


                1
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Question about Estate Planning? We can help! | EstatePlanningLawfirms.com









































Estate
Planning
Lawfirms
.com





7031 Koll Center Pkwy, Pleasanton, CA 94566


Mon-Fri: 9AM–5PM PST














Free Estate Planning Case Evaluation



Tell us more about your case so that we may connect you with local, licensed attorneys.



Applicant Info
Summary Info
Case Details
Contact Info










What is your zip code?





Which legal services does your estate need?


Charitable Giving
        



Contested Wills
        



Drafting Wills or Trust
        



Estate Administration
        



Asset Protection
        



Other
        





What types of assets does your estate involve?


Business Interests
        



Cash
        



Life Insurance Policies
        



Pensions/Retirement 
        



Personal Possessions
        



Property
        



Stocks/Bonds
        





Total amount of assets


--Select an answer--
Less than $50k
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 - $250,000
$250,000 - $500,000
$500,000 - $1,000,000
More than $1 million




Briefly describe your case







What is your first name?





What is your last name?





What is your email address?





What is your telephone number?
























Processing




Next


We are committed to your privacy. By clicking "Submit" you agree the phone number you provided may be used to contact you (including autodials, text messages, and/or pre-recorded calls). Consent is not a condition of purchase.



You should not send any sensitive or confidential information through this site. Any information sent through this site does not create an attorney-client relationship and may not be treated as privileged or confidential. The lawyer or law firm you are contacting is not required to, and may choose not to, accept you as a client. The Internet is not necessarily secure and emails sent through this site could be intercepted or read by third parties. 






About Us


Since 1971, we have been helping individuals facing a legal issue find licensed, local attorneys, who can help resolve their legal matters. We help over 100,000 consumers every month, and our lawyer matching service is provided to you free of charge.




Seen In: 



USA Today
Kiplinger
The Washington Post
Newsweek












            Get Your Case Reviewed by an Estate Planning Attorney
        




Inheritance and estate planning is a very complicated legal procedure. Laws vary from state to state, notwithstanding any specific federal tax implications. Having a valid will in place helps to avoid problems typically associated with probate. There are a number of other methods available to minimize the financial obligations you might incur through an inheritance.
If you are seeking legal help regarding financial planning for the future, contact an estate planning lawyer in your area today. An estate is the entirety of a property, real and personal, owned by an individual prior to distribution through a trust or will.
Estate planning is the process by which an individual, or nuclear family with the person's consent and approval, arranges the transfer of assets to heirs or other beneficiaries. The reason for this is to provide the family, or anonymous miscellaneous beneficiaries, with legal rights to the property after the individual has passed away.
Aspects of estate planning include: Trusts, Wills, Uniform Probate Code, Gift Tax, Dynasty Trust and Joint Tenancy
A good estate planning lawyer can do more than just manufacture a simple will. Estate planning also typically minimizes potential taxes and fees, and sets up contingency planning to make sure that your wishes regarding which items are allocated and who the main beneficiaries are.
Many trusts are created as an alternative to or in conjunction with a will and other elements of estate planning. State law establishes the framework for determining the validity and limits for both.
An estate planning lawyer can assist you with organizing your personal and business records such as: Brokerage Accounts, Retirement Plans, Savings and Checking Accounts, Insurance Policies, Business and Partnership Interests and Debt Personal Property. An Estate Planner can also assist all other possible estate planning law concerns.
Speak with an Estate Planning Attorney »




























Copyright © 2017 Nolo ® Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising.  In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state.Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
    
7031 Koll Center Pkwy, Pleasanton, CA 94566






























Asset Protection Basics and Information on Personal Wealth Preservation



































































X


Request Free Info

                        Call Us 800.830.1055















What services are you interested in?




Asset Protection from Lawsuits





Offshore Company Formation





U.S. Company Formation





Offshore Banking





Trust Formation





Tax Preparation





Other





Please Describe your needs:













Your information remains confidential
                                            Privacy Policy



















Menu

 1-800-830-1055
1-661-310-2931
 Order | support










I created the financial protection that was right for my financial goals with Asset Protection Planners. I’m private, protected and invested in my family’s future.
- J.M. Ansen, CEO 











Asset Protection Basics 






Real Answers by Real Professionals.

Click or call today for a free asset protection consultation.
 Call Us 800.830.1055



What services are you interested in?



Asset Protection from Lawsuits




Offshore Company Formation




U.S. Company Formation




Offshore Banking




Trust Formation




Tax Preparation




Other


Your information will only be used to contact you regarding your consultation. It will not be sold 


Asset Protection Basics
Asset Protection basics that will cover legal concepts, tools and asset protection strategies in plain English. Asset Protection Planners has helped protect millions of dollars in liquid assets, tens of millions in real estate and hundreds of millions in investments for our clients. We’ll address the popular topics and questions about asset protection.

Asset Protection from Lawsuits
When you have accumulated assets over many years of hard work, the last thing you want is to lose them due to some litigation issue, bankruptcy, or court judgment. However, such incidents can be avoided with a bit of preparation and planning. Using asset protection strategies can put a stop to losing assets should you ever run into any serious problems.
Regardless, it can be difficult to understand the laws passed regarding asset protection and how particular types of assets may be legally shielded. However, when you look at the statistics, 96% of the lawsuits in the world are filed in the United States. Therefore, if you live in the US, understanding how you can protect your assets from lawsuits becomes critical. To understand how to protect your accumulated wealth from lawsuits, this article covers various aspects of asset protection that can help shield you in case of litigation.

Your Assets Are at Risk
Many individuals with assets incorrectly assume that since they follow laws correctly, they could never be sued. Others think that asset protection is only necessary for people with careers who are common targets of litigation, such as physicians, building contractors, etc. However, the notion that “playing nice” or being in a profession with less perceived liability protect assets from litigation in the real world is both a dangerous and incorrect perception.
Uncontrollable Risks
Keep in mind that, like a robbery, getting into a lawsuit is up to the other guy, not you. There are several uncontrollable life occurrences that can create legal issues and threaten your assets. Tomorrow someone could slam their breaks on in front of you and you could get sued for far beyond the limits of your insurance policy. The problem with these types of circumstances is that many people believe these things won’t happen to them. The fact is that you are not immune. They can happen to anybody, and very unexpectedly.
If you have not approached the idea of establishing an asset protection plan yet, you might lose your assets and possibly be forced to file for bankruptcy, wind up in a divorce battle, or must defend yourself in a civil lawsuit.
The Unexpected
Many more unexpected issues exist that could put your assets at risk. For example, say you are the parent of an adolescent that winds up on the wrong side of a car accident, and the injured party decides to sue you over the incident. Did you know that most devastating automobile accidents result in lawsuits of far greater than the insurance coverage? This litigation could result in you losing all of your vulnerable assets to the other party. Since many of these issues are difficult to predict, it’s best to seek out an asset protection plan before anything that might endanger your wealth occurs.

Retirement Plans and State Law
In the United States, both federal and state law dictate how your assets can be shielded from a court decision. What follows below is an example of various assets and the how the law works to shield those assets. The purpose is to provide you with an overview of how you can legally protect some of your assets to avoid their loss should litigation occur.

Traditional IRAs and Roth IRAs, as far as court proceedings are concerned, both can be protected from loss in bankruptcy court. The cap for asset protection with both types of IRAs is one million dollars. The bankruptcy court may decide to adjust this to a higher number. Furthermore, certain plans that have been rolled over, like 403(b) and 457(b) plans, come with no limit to their protection. It is important to note that the cap of protection is only for bankruptcy court proceedings and is not applied in other court decision. When court proceedings outside of bankruptcy court occur, state law generally dictates the level of protection.
Certain types of retirement plans receive no limits on protection from both bankruptcy and creditors. Retirement plans received as an employment benefit, whether or not the plan receives coverage from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), fall under this category.
An unlimited cap also protects ERISA retirement plans with two exceptions. First, if there is a qualified domestic relations order, it may allow the courts to remove your assets and hand them over to a previous spouse or payee. In these cases, that shield can be lifted. Second, if something happens and the IRS hits you with tax levies, the veil of protection is lifted. Therefore, certain qualified plans do not count as ERISA plans if that plan only protects the business owner or owners (also called owner only plans). Owner only plans do not receive the same level of protection and state law cover these types of plans.
Depending on what state where you live, you may or may not have protection from having your home confiscated in a lawsuit. Some states offer significant protection to homeowners and others offer no protection at all. So make sure you understand the homestead protection laws in our state.
Annuities and life insurance protection may offer some protection, however the rates of return on the money put into these plans are usually poor. State law also dictates whether or not annuities or life insurance are protected. In some states, the cash surrender values of life insurance, as well as earnings from an annuity contract are protected. In other states, protection is offered to the beneficiary and his or her interest to the extent that it provides a meager living. However, some states offer no protection. Therefore, become aware of your state’s requirements and how they might affect you.


A Few Easy Steps
Although some people still seem to approach asset protection with a knee-jerk reaction after they are sued. There are many sound and solid legal ways to protect your assets, but the protective measures almost always work best when put in place before a legal attack. Optimal asset protection planning means putting up your defenses up before any creditors launch attacks to access your wealth.
When your assets are already protected, and you encounter a lawsuit, the creditors know, or will quickly find out, that they will have difficulty getting through your defenses, and may not bother to try. Instead, this creditor will be more likely to seek a settlement rather than attempt to wade through the legal process and costs of attempting to reach protected assets.
Here are a few approaches you can take to protect your assets. The following list provides a breakdown of some of some of the most powerful asset protection steps you can legally take to ensure the safety of your wealth.
1. Asset Protection Trust
Form an asset protection trust to keep your wealth safe. Asset protection experts agree that forming a trust in places such as the Cook Islands and Nevis offer the strongest defense, An onshore trust formed in a state may also be an option for you, especially if you live in one of the few states that offer asset protection trusts. Some of the states that currently offer asset-protection trusts, include Nevada, Alaska, Rhode Island, Delaware, and South Dakota. The problem is that we have seen the penetrated repeatedly because they are with the judge’s reach. Offshore trusts put the ball beyond the reach of your local courts.
In most offshore and onshore trust jurisdictions, an individual is not required to be a resident of the state or country where he or she is seeking to form the trust. Because the offshore trust has a trustee that is outside of your local court’s jurisdiction, that trustee is not required to abide by your local court orders. If your local judge demands the money in the trust be forfeited, the foreign trustee can refuse to comply. Domestic trusts do not have this advantage.
With an asset protection trust, an independent trustee is put in place to oversee the trust. Assets placed into this type of trust will be difficult for creditors to seek out during litigation. Some of these trusts offer so much protection that you can even seal them off from ex-spouses should you decide to do so.
To ensure you form your trust correctly so that your trust protects your assets, your trust must comply with the following requirements:

You must make sure that when you form the trust, you make it irrevocable. With an offshore trust, you can actually make changes to the trust with the trustee’s assistance.
You have to appoint an independent trustee. This independent trustee must be either an individual with residency in the same jurisdiction as the trust. This can be a licensed trustee, in some cases, a bank.
The trust must include a rule that allows distributions to occur only when the trustee agrees to them. (There are also safety-valve provisions for you to change trustee if your trustee does not cooperate.)
The trust must also include a spendthrift clause. A spendthrift clause is wording in a trust document that prevents creditors from attaching the trust assets before they are distributed to the beneficiary.
With a domestic trust, depending on the state, either part or all of the assets needs to be found within the same state that you form the trust in.
With an offshore trust in the Cook Islands, Nevis and Belize, assets can be located anywhere. That being said, the assets should not be located in a jurisdiction (such as the US, or a bank with US branches) where they can be seized, regardless of whether or not they are in the trust.
The trust’s administration, as well as its required documents, need to be located in the jurisdiction where the trust is created.

For those individuals who wish to pursue an asset protection trust, remember that you should seek assistance from an asset protection specialist when forming your trust. This action will greatly enhance the likelihood that the trust will be established properly. There are simply too many variables that could expose your assets to lawsuits. After all, this is your money.  If you do not establish trusts for a living and keep up on the day-to-day changes, you would be putting your assets at great risk. Don’t rely on an amateur. Spend what it takes to have it done right. There is a number or inquiry form on this page for more information.
2. Accounts-Receivable Financing
Borrow against your accounts receivable. There are financing companies that will so so. This may help make your receivables much less tempting for creditors. So, using your business receivables, and borrow against them. Once you do this, you can then move the cash to an offshore asset protection trust to keep it out of harm’s way. By moving your wealth from easy-to-get to hard-to-get, you help decrease the value of the business assets and make them very unattractive for creditors.
3. Equity Stripping
Much like accounts-receivable financing, equity stripping requires you to take out a loan against the asset, and then transfer the money received from the loan into a legal tool that protects your assets. By stripping the equity out of certain assets, such as real estate and equipment, and transferring them into asset protection tool, such as an offshore trust, you make your equity much less interesting to creditors. Equity stripping decreases the value of the assets moves the loan proceeds into a financial fortress, making it much more difficult for creditors to take what is yours.
4. Family Limited Partnerships
A family limited partnership (FLP) offer an excellent asset protection opportunity. When forming an FLP, assets are usually moved into it and traded for an interest in the partnership. Once the assets are placed into the FLP, the Uniform Limited Partnership Act helps to shield those assets from creditors. Furthermore, the owner of the FLP can maintain the FLP itself as well as the assets. As far as your limited partner shares go, there is no significant market value for them. Therefore, your share value, for accounting and tax purposes, may be worth much less than what the originally transferred asset was worth, possibly saving you money in taxes. (Talk with a knowledgeable, licensed tax advisor.)

Asset Protection Tips
Asset protection tools aren’t limited to legal entities, trusts and other popular protection vehicles, an asset protection tool can be as common as auto and homeowners insurance, for example. You probably already have some form of protection the cover small vulnerabilities. Driving is probably one of the most dangerous things you can do, so how could you start protecting your assets at the source vulnerability? Be insured, but keep in mind, no matter how big your policy limits, you can always be sued for more. That is why a proper asset protection plan is so essential.
Before your assets are at risk from a legal opponent, implement everything you can do that will create a barrier between your assets and a legal predator. Purchase and lease vehicles under an LLC name and if you’re an entrepreneur, write off the expense. Don’t title your vehicle to your business, that is extremely hazardous and exposes your business revenue and its assets to the legal system. Your business can lease the automobiles from the LLC. Just with this one type of asset protection in the form of proper ownership, you are protecting yourself from being held personally liable in the event of a business-related accident.
Doing it Right
There are some things you need to be aware of and know about, some types of (so called) “asset protection” will actually land you in criminal court, put all of your assets at risk or both. This is how you can spot an asset protection scam or a tool that will get you in some hot legal water.
What Not to Do

Tax Savings – Anything that says that your asset protection plan will save you money on taxes could be a one-way ticket to trouble. Protecting your assets and your tax liability are not necessarily related. U.S. Citizens are responsible for taxes on a worldwide income basis. Your money can be held anywhere, but you owe taxes on your income, regardless of where it comes from. Do your research if anyone advise you that an asset protection plan, tool or strategy is a “tax free” initiative or will “save you money on taxes”. To name a few asset protection scams, Common Law Trusts, Constitutional Trusts, Deceptive tax plans, Nevada Trusts, Massachusetts Business Trusts or anything with an agenda that has to do with your taxes.
Hiding Money – How about we just put our liquid assets into a private, numbered or secret account in a banking jurisdiction and call that asset protection? Anything deceptive in nature is not a good idea, you do not have to lie, hide, scam or cheat a system to have a strong asset protection plan and legal strategy that is bulletproof.
Give It To Your Mother – How bout you just sign everything over to someone else, and you don’t have to worry about someone getting your assets if you are defeated in a court of law? Not a good idea, you still have your assets unprotected and within reach of the legal system and its players.


Where Lawsuits Come From

Occupation – We specialize in highly sued professionals and business owners offering planing and strategies that shield your personal assets from the liability hazards of your profession or type of business.
Property – Tactics and planning that protect you from internal liability of property ownership and real estate investments as well as property protection from external liability are common for many of our clients.
Divorce – With proactive planning you can set aside your business income and personal assets from a marital property battle.
Employees – We plan and protect you from frivolous lawsuits and civil litigation from disgruntled or terminated employees.

Total Asset Protection
There is only one type of asset protection tool that has yet to be broken and that’s the Cook Island Asset Protection Trust. This is how you take all of your assets and simply remove them from the U.S. legal system and put them into a legal system that discourages frivolous lawsuits and makes a very expensive, time consuming and near impossible arena for a legal predator to prey. This website will walk through this in more detail as we cover the rest of the subjects.












		      Free Consultation
		    

		      Fast answers to any of your questions
		    

			 Call 800.830.1055









Contact Questions?
Get help to the most commonly asked questions about any asset protection topic now.
Any Business Day 8 to 8 Eastern
1-800-830-1055



 























 Asset Protection Planning: The Basics To Get You Started | How To Protect Your Assets            How To Protect Your Assets Menu       Asset Protection Planning: The Basics To Get You Started Asset protection planning is the most important part of managing your business, and you need to be sure that you have something that will help you keep more money in your pocket. Your business has a lot of assets that need to be protected, and you need to start working with a planner who will help you manage all those things without a problem. The best part of this is that a planner can show you how to handle the process, and then you can purchase protection that works for you.   Choose An AgentThe agent you work with is the first person you need to talk to when it is time for this work to be done. You know that you need to have someone on your side who will help you find the best protection possible, and you need to keep adjusting your protection until you are happy with it. Then you can buy the protection, and it can be changed any time you add or subtract assets from your business. Purchase Enough Protection For Everything You need to make sure that you have enough protection for everything your business owns. Even the tiniest thing your business owns is important, and you need to have protection that covers every single one of these things. Ask your agent to look over the assets of your company, and then the company will instantly have all the information that is needed to draw up your policy.   Protecting Against LawsuitsThis protection also needs to make sure that you have a way of handling any kind of lawsuit. You have assets that people can attack, or you might have to fight for your assets in court. The best way to handle this situation is to have some kind of coverage that works on all levels. Your agent will let you know what you can purchase to protect your business, and then you will instantly learn how easy it is to use. The protection not only provides basic insurance, but it also helps you when you are stuck in some kind of legal battle. The best part of asset protection is that you can protect your business from attacks no matter how bad they are. You do not have to wait for something bad to happen to you. You can lean on your protection, and you can use that policy to make real changes to the way that you manage your business. You do not have to sit back while people attack you, and you do not have to accept losses that happen. You will be able to get help from an agent who will protect you, and the agent will help you file a claim when needed.          Tweet        Recent Posts 3 Mistakes To Avoid When Setting Up A Living Trust How A DAPT, Domestic Asset Protection Trust, Can Protect Your Assets From Creditors. 3 Things To Know Before Setting Up An Irrevocable Trust Form An LLC And Protect Your Personal Assets Asset Protection Planning: The Basics To Get You Started The Dos And Don’ts Of Setting Up A Trust Fund? Learn About Revocable Living Trusts And Why They Should Matter To YouCategoriesAsset ProtectionEstate PlanningFamily TrustIrrevocable TrustLiving TrustLLCRevocable TrustTrust FundTypes Of Wills      


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































