


Ophthotech Corporation Names Michael G. Atieh as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Business Officer (NASDAQ:OPHT)










 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














September 23, 2014

Ophthotech Corporation Names Michael G. Atieh as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Business Officer


- Bruce A. Peacock's Planned Retirement to be Effective at the End of

      September -

 NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Ophthotech Corporation (Nasdaq:OPHT) today announced that Michael G.

      Atieh has been named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and

      Business Officer and Treasurer effective September 30, 2014. Mr. Atieh

      replaces Bruce A. Peacock, Chief Financial and Business Officer and

      Treasurer, who has notified the Company of his intention to retire

      effective September 30, 2014.

    

Mr. Atieh has extensive experience in all aspects of building and

      leading finance and business teams in the pharmaceutical and

      biotechnology industries. He spent the majority of his career in the

      pharmaceutical industry with Merck and Co., Inc. where he held various

      senior level positions over a 20 year period including Senior Vice

      President-Merck Medco Managed Care, Vice President-U.S. Human Health,

      Vice President-Public Affairs, Vice President-Government Relations, and

      Treasurer. For the past 23 years, Mr. Atieh has been a member of the

      Board of Directors of ACE Limited, one of the world's largest property

      and casualty insurance companies, where he chairs the Audit Committee

      and is a member of the Executive Committee. He also serves on the Board

      of Directors of Theravance Biopharma where he is a member of the Audit

      Committee. Mr. Atieh served as Executive Chairman of Eyetech Inc. from

      2009 until the Company was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012,

      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OSI

      Pharmaceuticals from 2005 until 2009 and was Senior Vice President and

      Chief Financial Officer, and Group President at Dendrite International

      from 2000 until 2004.

    


      "We are excited to have someone with Mike's background and experience

      join our company as a member of our senior leadership team," stated

      David R. Guyer, M.D., Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board

      of Ophthotech. "Mike is an accomplished executive who has led senior

      finance and business teams throughout the pharmaceutical and

      biotechnology industries and has significant experience in

      commercial-stage drug companies including those in the age-related

      macular degeneration market. Mike's vast financial, operational and

      commercial experience will be an immense value to the Company as we

      initiate the next chapter in our mission to address multiple areas of

      unmet need in the growing AMD market."

    


      "Ophthotech has proven itself as a company with tremendous capabilities

      and I am enthusiastic about joining the Company at such an important

      time in its growth," stated Michael G. Atieh. "I look forward to working

      with the Company's many talented people and to help lead the Company in

      its next stage of development to continue to build long-lasting

      shareholder value."

    

Dr. Guyer also commented, "On behalf of the Board of Directors,

      management and employees of Ophthotech, I would like to recognize Bruce

      for his significant leadership and contributions over the past several

      years and to congratulate him on a successful career in the life science

      industry. Bruce played an integral role in helping to shape Ophthotech's

      business strategy. He leaves Ophthotech knowing that the Company has a

      solid financial and operational foundation on which we will continue to

      build an exciting future. We wish Bruce the very best in his retirement."

    

Bruce A. Peacock, Chief Financial and Business Officer, stated, "It has

      been a pleasure working with David Guyer, Samir Patel and the entire

      Ophthotech team as the Company grew from being a private, start-up

      organization to completing one of the largest biotech initial public

      offerings by deal size and market capitalization in 2013, establishing a

      strong financial foundation, and executing one of the largest ex-US

      partnering deals in the biotechnology industry as we entered into a

      licensing and commercialization agreement with Novartis for the

      treatment of wet AMD. I am proud to have been a part of this dynamic

      team."

    

About Ophthotech Corporation


Ophthotech is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the

      development of novel therapeutics to treat diseases of the eye, with a

      focus on developing innovative therapies for age-related macular

      degeneration (AMD). Ophthotech's most advanced product candidate, Fovista®

      anti-PDGF therapy, is in Phase 3 clinical trials for use in combination

      with anti-VEGF drugs that represent the current standard of care for the

      treatment of wet AMD. Ophthotech's second product candidate, Zimura™, an

      inhibitor of complement factor C5, is being developed for the treatment

      of geographic atrophy (a form of dry AMD) and in combination with Fovista®

      and anti-VEGF therapy for wet AMD. For more information, please visit www.ophthotech.com.

    

Forward-looking Statements


Any statements in this press release about Ophthotech's future

      expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements

      for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities

      Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from

      those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of

      various important factors. Any forward-looking statements represent

      Ophthotech's views only as of the date of this press release. Ophthotech

      anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its views

      to change. While Ophthotech may elect to update these forward-looking

      statements at some point in the future, Ophthotech specifically

      disclaims any obligation to do so.



      OPHT-G

    




InvestorsOphthotech CorporationKathy Galante,

      212-845-8231Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate

      Communicationskathy.galante@ophthotech.comorMediaSmithSolve

      LLC on behalf of Ophthotech CorporationJarrod Aldom, 973-442-1555

      ext. 112jarrod.aldom@smithsolve.com

Source: Ophthotech Corporation

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Ophthotech Corp.








    Michael Atieh | Ophthotech Corp. | ZoomInfo.com











Ophthotech Corporation Names Michael G. Atieh As Executive Vice President And Chief Financial And Business Officer - Pg.2 - TheStreet





































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Ophthotech Corporation Names Michael G. Atieh As Executive Vice President And Chief Financial And Business Officer






Business Wire




Sep 23, 2014 7:30 AM EDT













 


















































  “Ophthotech has proven itself as a company with tremendous capabilities and I am enthusiastic about joining the Company at such an important time in its growth,” stated Michael G. Atieh. “I look forward to working with the Company’s many talented people and to help lead the Company in its next stage of development to continue to build long-lasting shareholder value.”   Dr. Guyer also commented, “On behalf of the Board of Directors, management and employees of Ophthotech, I would like to recognize Bruce for his significant leadership and contributions over the past several years and to congratulate him on a successful career in the life science industry. Bruce played an integral role in helping to shape Ophthotech’s business strategy. He leaves Ophthotech knowing that the Company has a solid financial and operational foundation on which we will continue to build an exciting future. We wish Bruce the very best in his retirement.”  Bruce A. Peacock, Chief Financial and Business Officer, stated, “It has been a pleasure working with David Guyer, Samir Patel and the entire Ophthotech team as the Company grew from being a private, start-up organization to completing one of the largest biotech initial public offerings by deal size and market capitalization in 2013, establishing a strong financial foundation, and executing one of the largest ex-US partnering deals in the biotechnology industry as we entered into a licensing and commercialization agreement with Novartis for the treatment of wet AMD. I am proud to have been a part of this dynamic team.”   About Ophthotech Corporation   Ophthotech is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of novel therapeutics to treat diseases of the eye, with a focus on developing innovative therapies for age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Ophthotech’s most advanced product candidate, Fovista ® anti-PDGF therapy, is in Phase 3 clinical trials for use in combination with anti-VEGF drugs that represent the current standard of care for the treatment of wet AMD. Ophthotech’s second product candidate, Zimura™, an inhibitor of complement factor C5, is being developed for the treatment of geographic atrophy (a form of dry AMD) and in combination with Fovista ® and anti-VEGF therapy for wet AMD. For more information, please visit www.ophthotech.com.   Forward-looking Statements   Any statements in this press release about Ophthotech's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. Any forward-looking statements represent Ophthotech's views only as of the date of this press release. Ophthotech anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its views to change. While Ophthotech may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Ophthotech specifically disclaims any obligation to do so.  OPHT-G  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Make You a Lot of Money
Here's a technical look at how to trade several under-$10 stocks triggering breakout trades.



Roberto Pedone

Jan 5, 2017 1:37 PM EST
























Learn to Shift Gears in Your Trading
When you seek to find the right structure or combination, you can get hurt.



Bob Lang

Dec 17, 2016 12:00 PM EST
























Dow Posts Another Record Close but Nasdaq Slips Amid Tech Declines
The Dow posts a record close with the S&P 500 lower, while tech stocks dragged on the Nasdaq as Wall Street looks to a Fed decision on interest rates Tuesday.



Valerie Young

Dec 12, 2016 4:08 PM EST
























Dow Sets Record as Oil Settles Higher but Nasdaq Slips Amid Tech Declines
The Dow rises but pares gains as Wall Street looks to a Fed decision on interest rates later in the week.



Valerie Young

Dec 12, 2016 3:04 PM EST








































 











Trending


Walmart in Focus Amid 'Horrific' Human Trafficking Incident in Texas That Causes Nine Deaths


Billionaire Mark Cuban: The Rise of Technology Will Cause a Lot of Unemployment


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


Chipotle Is Doomed Unless It Takes This One Dramatic Measure


As Snap Continues to Stumble, Should It Consider Selling Itself?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Michael A Atieh - Port Saint Lucie, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael A Atieh in Port Saint Lucie, FL


Michael A Atieh

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael A Atieh  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Port Saint Lucie, FL.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Michael G Atieh
Mike G Atieh
Mary G Atieh


Get Report Now

Age

Michael A Atieh is in his 60s

Michael Has Lived In

Port Saint Lucie, FL
Morristown, NJ
Brick, NJ

Michael's Relatives

Leticia Atieh
Allison Atieh
Kevin Atieh
Steve Atieh







Michael A Atieh



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior at Ernst & Young LLP



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael A Atieh
Get a Criminal Check on Michael A Atieh
Get a Public Record Report on Michael A Atieh
Get a People Search Report on Michael A Atieh


Michael A Atieh's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael A Atieh has lived as well as Michael A Atieh's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael A Atieh Has Lived in 4 States
Florida Address for Michael A Atieh


105 S**** L**** 

Port Saint Lucie, FL


Has Lived In

Port Saint Lucie, FL
Morristown, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael A Atieh

(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(908) ***-**** - Basking Ridge, NJ 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael A Atieh

m********h@***.com


Get Email Report




Michael A Atieh's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael A Atieh's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael A Atieh has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael A Atieh Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Ernst & Young LLP
               Title: Senior
Michael A Atieh's Experience
Title: Senior
               Company: Ernst & Young LLP
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Additional Professional Information on Michael A Atieh

 See Michael A Atieh's LinkedIn Profile



Michael A Atieh's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael A Atieh


Michael A Atieh's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael A Atieh's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Atieh
Username Matches

                  MichaelAtieh
                  AtiehMichael
                  Michael.Atieh
                  Atieh.Michael
                  Michael_Atieh
                  Atieh_Michael
                  Michael-Atieh
                  Atieh-Michael
                  MAtieh
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Atieh







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Michael G. Atieh: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 10:48 PM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Chubb Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Michael G. Atieh  Independent Director, Chubb LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships63$393,950
Background

		Mr. Michael G. Atieh, also known as Mike, served as the Chief Financial and Business Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer at Ophthotech Corporation from September 30, 2014 to March 31, 2016. Mr. Atieh served as the Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer of OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. from May 31, 2005 to December 29, 2008 and also served as its Principal Accounting Officer until December 29, 2008. Mr. Atieh served as a Group President ... of Cegedim Inc. (Cegedim Dendrite, Inc.) (technology and services) from January 2002 to February 2004 and its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October 2000 to December 2001. He served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Group President at Dendrite International from 2000 to 2004. He spent the majority of his career in the pharmaceutical industry with Merck and Co., Inc. where he held various senior level positions over a 20 year period. He joined Merck & Company in 1981, where he served in a variety of roles including Vice President-U.S. Human Health, Director of Accounting Standards, Director of Accounting, Director of Investor Relations, Vice President, Government Relations, Treasurer and Vice President of Public Affairs from 1981 to 1994. He served as a Vice President and General Manager of Medicare Business Initiative at U.S. Human Health, a division of Merck & Co., Inc. from January 1999 to September 2000; Senior Vice President of Sales and Business Development at Merck-Medco Managed Care, L.L.C. (managed health care), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck from April 1994 to December 1998; Vice President of Public Affairs at Merck from January 1994 to April 1994 and as Treasurer of Merck from April 1990 to December 1993. Mr. Atieh began his career in 1975 as Audit Manager of Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young). Mr. Atieh served as Executive Chairman of Eyetech Inc., from 2009 to 2012 and serves as its Director. Mr. Atieh has been an Independent Director of Chubb Limited since September 1991. He served as a Director of Theravance Biopharma, Inc. from June 2, 2014 to April 22, 2015. He served as a Director of OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. from June 2003 to May 31, 2005. Mr. Atieh holds a B.A. from Upsala College and became a qualified CPA in 1977.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Baerengasse 32Zurich, Zurich 8001SwitzerlandPhone: 41 43 456 76 00Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Member of the Board of DirectorsEyetech Inc.1991-PresentIndependent DirectorChubb Limited
Education
BA Upsala College
Other Affiliations
Cegedim Inc.OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc.Upsala CollegeOphthotech CorporationEyetech Inc.Theravance Biopharma, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$187,075Total Calculated Compensation$393,950




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationThomas J. Wilson IIChairman & CEOThe Allstate Corporation$1.2MSteven A. Kandarian J.D.Chairman, President & CEOMetLife, Inc.$1.5MBrian  Duperreault CEO, President & DirectorAmerican International Group, Inc.--Alan David Schnitzer Chief Executive Officer and DirectorThe Travelers Companies, Inc.$1.0MDonald Arthur Guloien Chief Executive Officer & Non Independent DirectorManulife Financial Corporation$1.8MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Chubb Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Michael G. Atieh – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending January 8, 2016
Posted on January 11, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.
RetailMeNot, Inc.
Clean Harbors, Inc.


GSE Environmental
Oak Valley Bancorp
North Highland


TWO MEN AND A TRUCK
Evolving Systems, Inc.
Compeat


Infoblox Inc.
Sage Growth Partners
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc.


Hancock Fabrics, Inc.
Envision Business Consulting
Protective Life Corporation


Ophthotech Corporation
Codiak BioSciences Inc.
Good Start Genetics, Inc.


eFileCabinet, Inc.
BioDuro, LLC
NetApp, Inc.


Eldorado Resorts, Inc.
Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc.
EnerBank USA


eBags
SmartSource Computer & Audio Visual Rentals
Ice Energy


VECTRA
Constellation West
Scenic Hudson, Inc.


Blue Coat Systems, Inc.
DS Healthcare Group
Meritage Homes Corporation



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.  [DENVER] (NYSE: RMAX)  appointed Karri Callahan, Vice President and Corporate Controller, to the position of CFO, after former CFO and COO Dave Metzger is retiring. Ms. Callahan joined RE/MAX in April 2013 as Senior Manager of SEC Reporting and was promoted to Vice President, Corporate Controller in June 2014. She served as the Company’s Acting Chief Accounting Officer from November 6, 2014 to January 26, 2015 and as Acting Chief Financial Officer from December 31, 2014 through January 26, 2015. Prior to joining RE/MAX, Ms. Callahan worked at Ernst & Young, LLP most recently as Senior Manager since 2008.
RetailMeNot, Inc.  [AUSTIN, Texas] (NASDAQ: SALE) announced that J. Scott Di Valerio was appointed as its chief financial officer, replacing interim CFO Louis Agnese. In 2010, Scott joined Outerwall as the company’s chief financial officer, and served in that role until he was appointed CEO in late 2013. Prior to Outerwall, Scott served as president of the Americas for the Lenovo Group Limited, and he held senior positions at Microsoft Corporation as corporate vice president of Microsoft’s OEM division and as corporate vice president of finance and administration and chief accounting officer. Previously Scott served in management positions at The Walt Disney Company and Mindwave Software Inc., and as a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Clean Harbors, Inc.  [NORWELL, Mass] (NYSE: CLH) announced the appointment of Michael L. Battles, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as part of a planned transition. James M. Rutledge, the Company’s CFO since 2005, will remain in his role as Vice Chairman and President. Mr. Battles has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since 2013. Prior to Clean Harbors, Mike spent 12 years in a variety of senior financial positions at PerkinElmer Inc.  Most recently, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PerkinElmer’s Human Health business. Prior to his role in Human Health, he served as Chief Accounting Officer for several years and Acting Chief Financial Officer during a one-year search period. Prior to PerkinElmer, Mike held several positions at Deloitte & Touche LLP from 1990 to 2001.
GSE Environmental [HOUSTON] announced that Thomas Wright will be the company’s new CFO. Thomas was formerly CFO and EVP of Sterling Construction. Previously, Thomas was CFO of St. Mary’s/CBM. Additionally, he has also held senior management positions with Boart Longyear, a drilling services and products manufacturer, Allied Signal, and others.
Oak Valley Bancorp [OAKDALE, CA] (NASDAQ: OVLY)  announced the promotion of Jeff Gall as CFO, replacing Rick McCarty. Jeff has been the Vice President of Finance and Accounting for the Bank since 2006.
North Highland [ATLANTA] welcomes Beth Schiavo to the firm’s executive team as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Schiavo served as assurance partner at Ernst & Young.
TWO MEN AND A TRUCK [LANSING, Mich] announced the promotion of Jeff Wesley from Chief Financial Officer to Chief Executive Officer.
Evolving Systems, Inc.  [ENGLEWOOD, CO] (NASDAQ: EVOL) announced that Dan Moorhead, formerly Vice President, Finance and Administration, has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer. Previously Mr. Moorhead held various management positions at High Country Club, Convergent Communications and the public accounting firm of Malouff and Co.
Compeat [AUSTIN, Texas] announced that Kerry Carney joined the executive team as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Carney joins Compeat from Profiles International.
Infoblox Inc. [SANTA CLARA, Calif.] (NYSE: BLOX) announced that Janesh Moorjani has joined Infoblox as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Moorjani joins Infoblox from VMware. Prior to VMware, Moorjani had a successful finance and sales career at Cisco. Previously, Moorjani worked at Goldman Sachs, rising to vice president in the firm’s merchant banking division in Silicon Valley.
Sage Growth Partners (SGP) [Baltimore, MD] announced the appointment of Melissa Pitchford as the firm’s first Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Prior to joining SGP in 2014, Ms. Pitchford was the CFO of Katzen Eye Group. From 2002-2011, Pitchford earned multiple promotions, shareholder status, and ultimately a position as chair of the medical practice group for KatzAbosch.
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc.  [INDIANAPOLIS] (NYSE: ALSN) announced that David S. Graziosi, currently Chief Financial Officer, has been promoted to the additional role of President. Graziosi joined Allison in November 2007 as Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, shortly after the Company’s sale by General Motors to The Carlyle Group and Onex Corporation. The company begins its search for a new CFO.
Hancock Fabrics, Inc. [BALDWYN, Miss.] (OTC: HKFI)  announced the appointment of Rebecca I. Flick as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Flick currently serves as the Chairman – Finance Committee of the Marcus Autism Center Board of Trustees and is a director of the National Monuments Foundation Board and a member of the University of Tennessee Finance Department Advisory Board. From 2013 to September 2014, she served as Global Vice President – Finance and Treasurer at Recall Corporation, and from 2012 to 2013, she served as Enterprise Vice President – Finance and Treasurer at ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. 2011 to 2012, Ms. Flick served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at SecurAmerica, LLC. Prior to that she spent approximately 14 years at The Home Depot, Inc., in various positions, including Vice President – Finance and Treasurer.
Envision Business Consulting [DENVER] announced the addition of Colleen Kasch as its first official Chief Financial Officer. Kasch, a CPA, has worked with many mid-sized construction, development, service, architectural, venture capital, and other companies as CFO, Controller, and/or Consultant.
Protective Life Corporation [BIRMINGHAM, Ala.] announced that Steven G. Walker has been named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, replacing Richard J. Bielen, who has been named President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Walker will continue leading the accounting function at Protective in addition to his position as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Walker joined Protective Life in 2002 and has served as the Chief Accounting Officer and Controller since 2003.
Ophthotech Corporation [NEW YORK] (NASDAQ: OPHT) announced that Glenn P. Sblendorio, a leading industry veteran, will be joining the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, replacing Michael G. Atieh. Mr. Sblendorio is joining Ophthotech from The Medicines Company, where he most recently served as President and Chief Financial Officer. He has held a variety of senior management positions at Hoffmann-LaRoche, Inc., Eyetech Pharmaceuticals Inc. and MPM Capital Advisors, LLC. Mr. Sblendorio has served as a member of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee Chairman of Ophthotech.
Codiak BioSciences Inc. [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] announced that Linda Bain will be its first chief financial officer. Linda Bain joined Codiak from Avalanche Biotechnologies where, as chief financial officer, she led a successful IPO and follow-on financing. She previously served as vice president of finance, business operations and treasurer at Bluebird Bio. Ms. Bain has held senior roles at Genzyme Corporation, including vice president of finance, global manufacturing and operations and vice president of finance of Genzyme Genetics. Earlier in her career, she served in senior finance roles at Fidelity Investments and AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals and as an auditor at Deloitte & Touche.
Good Start Genetics Inc. [CAMBRIDGE, Mass] a commercial-stage molecular genetics information company, announced today that it has appointed Marc Jones to the post of chief financial officer (CFO). Jones joins Good Start Genetics from T2. Previously, Jones served as chief financial officer of Crashlytics, Ivenix and CHiL Semiconductor.
eFileCabinet, Inc. [LEHI, Utah] is pleased to announce Alan Taylor has accepted the position of Chief Financial Officer. Taylor assumes the CFO role previously held by Jeff Coulter, who will now serve as COO of the company. Most recently, Taylor comes from Adaptive Computing Enterprises, and also has experience working with companies like Helius, Novell, Honeywell, Ford Motor Company, and Boeing.
BioDuro, LLC [SAN DIEGO] announced the appointment of Ian R Wisenberg as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Wisenberg joins the company after having served for the past seven years as Managing Director of BioGlobal Consulting Group where he worked closely with several growth companies including Genalyte, Intrinsic Lifesciences, Excaliard Pharmaceuticals, and more recently Molecular Response and Formex.  Mr. Wisenberg also served as Chief Business Officer for the Biotech Investment Group. From January 2009 to December 2012, Mr. Wisenberg served as Managing Director for ChinaBio Capital Partners.
NetApp, Inc. [SUNNYVALE, CA] (NASDAQ: NTAP) announced that its CFO, Nick Noviello has decided to pursue another opportunity. Jeffrey Bergmann, vice president of corporate finance, will assume the role of interim chief financial officer. Jeffrey Bergmann joined NetApp in June 2009 as vice president of global tax. Since August 2015, Mr. Bergman has served as NetApp’s vice president of corporate finance. From 2003 to 2008, Mr. Bergman was senior vice president, tax and administration at Verisign, Inc. Prior to 2003, Mr. Bergmann was a federal tax partner at KPMG LLP.
Eldorado Resorts, Inc. [RENO, Nev] (NASDAQ: ERI) Chief Financial Officer, Bob Jones, announced his intention to retire, effective March 15, 2016. Tom Reeg, President of Eldorado Resorts Inc., will assume the additional title and responsibilities of Chief Financial Officer upon Mr. Jones’ retirement.
Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc. [WALNUT CREEK, CA] (NYSE MKT: ORM) announced that Bryan Draper, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ORM, has been promoted President and Chief Executive Officer. Melina Platt will be succeeding him as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. Ms. Platt has been the Controller of the manager since May 1998 and was previously a Senior Manager with KPMG in the San Francisco Bay Area practice.
EnerBank USA [SALT LAKE CITY] announced Kristin Dittmer will assume the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, replacing Charlie Knadler, who was promoted President and CEO. Dittmer was previously Executive Vice President of Finance and Credit at EnerBank. She joined EnerBank in 2010 as Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. Previously she served as Chief Credit Officer of BMW Bank of North America. She began her banking career as a Financial Examiner for the Utah Department of Financial Institutions.
eBags [DENVER] announced the appointment of Dan Hogan as the company’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief Operating Officer (COO). Hogan joins the company with a solid history of executive leadership. He spent nine years at the Coleman Company where he was CFO and COO. Prior to Coleman, Hogan had senior operations roles at Easton-Bell Sports and World Kitchen, whose brands include Corningware, Corelle, Pyrex, Ecko, and Revere. Earlier in his career, he was Vice President, Finance, at a division of Georgia Pacific as well as at the Fort James Corporation.
SmartSource Computer & Audio Visual Rentals [HAUPPAUGE, N.Y.] announced that Stephen Rupolo, the company’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO), will move to a newly-created position as Vice President – Product Strategy. Rupolo joined SmartSource Rentals as the Corporate Controller in 1987. In 1996, he was named Vice President and in 2004, he was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). 
Ice Energy [SANTA BARBARA, CA] has hired Charles Costenbader as its new Chief Financial Officer. Costenbader most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of Synthesis Energy Systems, based in Shanghai, China. Prior to that he was Chief Financial Officer. He has 25 years of physical asset operations and commodity risk management experience in the power generation, refining, natural gas storage, biofuels, and renewable energy sectors. This includes 10 years in the Structured Finance Group of GE Capital and energy commodities at Macquarie Bank.
VECTRA [ST. LOUIS] formerly OM Group, Inc., announced that Manavendra Sial has been appointed its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Manavendra brings over 20 years of experience from SunEdison, Inc. and General Electric (GE). Most recently, Mr. Sial served as Senior Vice President-Finance and Deputy Chief Financial Officer for SunEdison. Prior to that, he served as Chief Operating Officer for SunEdison’s APAC andSouth Africa business.  Manavendra also held various financial and management positions at GE, most recently as the CFO for GE’s Power Delivery business.
Constellation West [WASHINGTON] announced that Dale Stucke has joined the company as chief financial officer. Stucke is a seasoned finance executive and certified public accountant with more than 25 years of experience with Fortune 500, small and private corporations, including some of the largest leaders in government industry such as BearingPoint, Booz Allen Hamilton, General Dynamics, GTSI Corp., Unisys and, most recently, USIS.
Scenic Hudson [HUDSON VALLEY, N.Y.] has named Jason Camporese of Hopewell Junction as the nonprofit group’s new chief finance officer. Mr. Camporese began his career in public accounting, where he served as an audit manager and senior auditor during a seven-year tenure with firms in New York City and White Plains. After his time in public accounting, Mr. Camporese spent four years as finance director of the New York City-based nonprofit sports and fitness center Asphalt Green.
Blue Coat Systems, Inc. [SUNNYVALE, CA] introduced new chief financial officer (CFO), Nick Noviello, replacing Gregg Hampton. Noviello has over 20 years of leadership experience in financial and operational roles. At NetApp, which he joined in 2008, and was CFO for the last four years. Prior to joining NetApp, Noviello spent eight years at Honeywell International.
DS Healthcare Group [Pompano Beach, Fla.] Mark Brockelman has joined the company and will oversee all aspects of the financial departments within the organization. Prior to joining DS Healthcare, Brockelman served as the Chief Financial Officer for National Dentex Corporation as well as the Senior Vice President/Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of the Miami Dolphins and SunLife Stadium. He also served as the Chief Financial Officer at eScreen, Inc. Prior experience also includes four years as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Ascend Media LLC. He previously spent five years at American Media, Inc. (AMI). Mark was AMI’s Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer. In his early career, Brockelman spent seven years at Arthur Andersen LLP in Chicago and West Palm Beach, culminating in his role as a Senior Audit Manager.

Meritage Homes Corporation [SCOTTSDALE, AZ] (NYSE: MTH) announced that Larry W. Seay, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will retire on March 31, 2016, concluding a 30-year career in homebuilding. Mr. Seay will be succeeded by Hilla Sferruzza, Meritage’s current senior vice president and chief accounting officer. Sferruzza joined Meritage in 2006 to be corporate controller in charge of the company’s accounting and financial reporting functions. She was named chief accounting officer in 2010 and senior vice president in 2013.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,385 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:






Michael G Atieh - Basking Ridge, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael G Atieh in Basking Ridge, NJ


Michael G Atieh

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael G Atieh  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Basking Ridge, NJ.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                12 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mike A Atieh
Michael A Atieh


Get Report Now

Age

Michael G Atieh is in his 30s

Michael Has Lived In

Basking Ridge, NJ
Morristown, NJ
Alcalde, NM

Michael's Relatives

Allison Atieh
Leticia Atieh
Steve Atieh
Steven Atieh







Michael G Atieh



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive Vice President at OSI Pharmaceuticals , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael G Atieh
Get a Criminal Check on Michael G Atieh
Get a Public Record Report on Michael G Atieh
Get a People Search Report on Michael G Atieh


Michael G Atieh's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael G Atieh has lived as well as Michael G Atieh's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael G Atieh Has Lived in 4 States
New Jersey Address for Michael G Atieh


55 S******* D* 

Basking Ridge, NJ


Has Lived In

Basking Ridge, NJ
Morristown, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael G Atieh

(908) ***-**** - Basking Ridge, NJ 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(609) ***-**** - Princeton, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael G Atieh

m*********h@***.com
m*****l@***.com
m***********h@***.com


Get Email Report




Michael G Atieh's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Michael G Atieh's academic history.  Find out which schools Michael G Atieh attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Michael G Atieh received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael G Atieh Has Attended 2 Schools
Upsala College 1971 – 1975               Michael G Atieh has a Bachelor of Arts (b.a.) in Accounting and Finance               
Upsala College               1971 – 1975               Michael G Atieh has a Bachelor of Arts (b.a.), Accounting and Finance in Accounting and Finance               


Michael G Atieh's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael G Atieh's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael G Atieh has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael G Atieh Has Worked at 16 Places
Company: OSI Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
               Title: Executive Vice President
Company: OSI Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
               Title: Chief Financial Officer
Michael G Atieh's Experience
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: OSI Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
Job Details
               OSI Pharmaceuticals is committed to "shaping medicine and changing lives" by discovering, developing and commercializing high-quality and novel pharmaceutical products designed to extend life and/or improve the quality of life for patients with cancer and diabetes/obesity. The Company's oncology programs are focused on developing molecular targeted therapies designed to change the paradigm of cancer care. OSI's diabetes/obesity efforts are committed to the generation of novel, targeted therapies for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and obesity. OSI's flagship product, Tarceva® (erlotinib), is the first drug discovered and developed by OSI to obtain FDA approval and the only EGFR inhibitor to have demonstrated the ability to improve survival in both non-small cell lung cancer and pancreatic cancer patients in certain settings. OSI markets Tarceva through partnerships with Genentech, Inc. in the United States and with Roche throughout the rest of the world.
Title: Chief Financial Officer
               Company: OSI Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Michael G Atieh

 See Michael G Atieh's LinkedIn Profile



Michael G Atieh's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael G Atieh


Michael G Atieh's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael G Atieh's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Atieh
Username Matches

                  MichaelAtieh
                  AtiehMichael
                  Michael.Atieh
                  Atieh.Michael
                  Michael_Atieh
                  Atieh_Michael
                  Michael-Atieh
                  Atieh-Michael
                  MAtieh
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Atieh







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














CB Michael G. Atieh Insider Trades for Chubb Ltd.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Chubb Ltd.

                  NYSE: CB
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Chubb Ltd.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:50 p.m.


CB

/quotes/zigman/519506/composite


$
147.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 52,989
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/519506/composite
Previous close

$
			146.62
		


$
				147.00
			
Change

+0.38
+0.26%





Day low
Day high
$146.28
$147.46










52 week low
52 week high

            $121.48
        

            $148.32
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Michael G. Atieh



Mr. Michael G. Atieh, CPA, is on the Board of Directors at Chubb Ltd. Mr. Atieh was previously employed as Treasurer, EVP, Chief Financial & Business Officer by Ophthotech Corp., an Independent Director by Theravance Biopharma, Inc., Executive Chairman by Eyetech, Inc., Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP by OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Group President by Dendrite International, Inc., an Independent Director by ACE Limited, Vice President & GM-Medicare Business Initiative by Merck & Co., Inc., and Senior Vice President by Merck-Medco Managed Care LLC. He received his undergraduate degree from Upsala College.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/18/2017
321


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $138.56 per share.


44,478


05/18/2017
1,227


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/11/2016
1,800


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


05/19/2016
655


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $124.85 per share.


81,777


05/19/2016
1,282


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/21/2015
391


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $108.9 per share.


42,580


05/21/2015
2,617


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/05/2014
5,000


 
Disposition at $105.95 per share.


529,750


05/15/2014
380


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $102.29 per share.


38,871


05/15/2014
1,564


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/16/2013
465


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $92.11 per share.


42,832


05/16/2013
1,520


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/01/2012
2,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


11/01/2012
2,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


11/01/2012
4,000


 
Disposition at $78.9 per share.


315,600


11/01/2012
4,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $34.45 per share.


137,800





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Evan G. Greenberg 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. John W. Keogh 
COO & Chairman-Overseas General Insurance




Mr. Philip V. Bancroft 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Kevin L. Shearan 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Timothy Alan Boroughs 
Chief Investment Officer




Mr. Lee W. Farrow 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Gerard M. Butler 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Matt  Merna 
COO-North America Major Accounts Division




Mr. Soledad  Muné 
VP-Head-Residential, Personal Insurance




Mr. Matthews  Adrian 
Chief Operating Officer-Continental Europe




Mr. Marcus  Giles 
Vice President




Mr. Glen David Michael Browne 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Paul  OConnell 
Chief Actuary & Senior Vice President




Dr. Sean  Ringsted 
Chief Digital Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. John Joseph Lupica 
President-North America Major Accounts




Mr. David  Robinson 
Division President-UK & Ireland




Mr. Michael  Kessler 
Chief Reinsurance Officer & Vice President




Mr. Stephen  Haney 
Chief Underwriting Officer-Global Surety




Mr. Luc  Reuter 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Andrew  Hurley 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Orazio  Rossi 
President-Italy Region




Mr. Ron  Verhulsdonck 
President-Benelux Region




Mr. Walter  Lentsch 
President-Austria Region




Mr. Andreas  Wania 
President-Germany Region




Ms. Nadia  Côté 
President-France Region




Mr. Andrew  Kendrick 
President-Europe Region




Mr. Barbara A. Wittick 
Chief Operating Officer-Southeast Region




Mr. Jalil  Rehman 
Chief Business Operations Officer-Europe Region




Mr. Paul Bennett Medini 
Chief Accounting Officer




Ms. Helen M. Wilson 
Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Jeffrey  Zack 
Head-Media Relations




Dr. Phillip B. Cole 
Senior VP & Head-Global Human Resources




Mr. Joseph F. Wayland 
Secretary Executive VP & General Counsel




Ms. Patricia  Henry 
Executive VP-Global Government & Industry Affairs




Mr. Robert M. Hernandez 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. James M. Zimmerman 
Independent Director




Mr. Olivier  Steimer 
Independent Director




Mr. David H. Sidwell 
Independent Director




Mr. Theodore E. Shasta 
Independent Director




Dr. Eugene B. Shanks 
Independent Director




Ms. Kimberly A. Ross 
Independent Director




Mr. Leo F. Mullin 
Independent Director




Mr. John A. Edwardson 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael P. Connors 
Independent Director




Ms. Mary A. Cirillo-Goldberg 
Independent Director




Dr. James Ireland Cash 
Independent Director




Ms. Sheila P. Burke 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael G. Atieh 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert W. Scully 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:49 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pThe dark side of cruises
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:46p5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:44pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
4:43pThe most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco
4:42p1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt
4:40pShopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Michael G. Atieh, CFO, Exec. VP, OSI Pharmaceuticals














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Michael Atieh 





 


Michael Atieh

 

CFO, Exec. VP - OSI Pharmaceuticals

 


Michael Atieh Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
OSI Pharmaceuticals 

 

Company Website : 
www.osip.com 

 

Company Address : 
41 Pinelawn Rd., Melville, NY,United States, 


 


Michael Atieh Profile :
CFO, Exec. VP - OSI Pharmaceuticals 

 


Michael Atieh Biography :


Mr. Atieh is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OSI Pharmaceuticals. He previously served as Chair of the OSI Audit Committee and was a member of the Board from 2003 until 2005 when he assumed his current position.Mr. Atieh was recently Group President of Dendrite International and was previously Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Dendrite. Having started his career as an audit manager at Arthur Young & Company (now Ernst & Young), Mr. Atieh joined Merck and Company and held a number of senior positions from 1981-1994 including Director of Accounting, Director of Investor Relations, Vice President Government Relations, Treasurer and Vice President of Public Affairs. Mr. Atieh then moved to the Merck-Medco Division of Merck where he held a number of positions including Senior Vice President of Sales and Business Development. Mr. Atieh subsequently served as Vice President and General Manager of Merck's Medicare business initiative in their U.S. Human Health Division.Mr. Atieh is on the Board of Directors of ACE Limited (NYCE:ACE) where he serves as a member of the Audit Committee and Finance and Investment Committee. 

 


Michael Atieh Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


John White 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Colin Goddard 
Board Dir., CEO 
Please login 


Walter Lovenberg 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Katharine Stevenson 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Daryl Granner 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.



