

Atudot Pension Fund For Workers & Independent Workers Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























atudot pension fund for workers & independent workers ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Atudot Pension Fund For Workers & Independent Workers Ltd manages pension, retirement, health, and welfare funds. The Company offers its services to corporations and institutions throughout Israel.




Corporate Information
Address:

2 Nirim
P.O. Box 9300
Tel Aviv Jaffa, 67060
Israel


Phone:
972-3-636-0811


Fax:
972-3-688-5171























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR EMPLOYEES & INDEPENDENTS LTD. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR EMPLOYEES & INDEPENDENTS LTD.
                    

•   TEL-AVIV, L3
                          • Pension/Retirement
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Atudot Pension Fund FOR Employees & Independents Ltd. is based out of Tel-aviv.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR EMPLOYEES & INDEPENDENTS LTD., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




atudot pension fund for employees & independents ltd.


91 HAHASHMONAIM ST.

TEL-AVIV
L3
                                                        
                                                    6713308


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      97233730162







Recent SEC Filings




13F-NT filed on 05/10/2017
13F-NT filed on 02/14/2017
13F-NT filed on 11/10/2016
13F-NT filed on 08/08/2016
13F-NT filed on 05/10/2016
13F-NT filed on 02/16/2016
13F-NT filed on 11/05/2015
13F-NT filed on 08/04/2015
13F-NT filed on 05/06/2015
13F-NT filed on 02/05/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Atudot Pension Fund for Workers & Independent Workers Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 7:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Atudot Pension Fund for Workers & Independent Workers Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



,  Israel










Key Executives for Atudot Pension Fund for Workers & Independent Workers Ltd.


Atudot Pension Fund for Workers & Independent Workers Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 A. Heifetz & Co. Middle East/Africa A.S. Bartman Investments Ltd. Middle East/Africa Absolute Value Ltd. Middle East/Africa Advanced Technology Acquisition Corp. Middle East/Africa AE Capital Advisors Ltd. Middle East/Africa




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 14, 2017
			    
Golf & Co Ltd.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Atudot Pension Fund for Workers & Independent Workers Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR WORKERS & INDEPENDENT WORKERS LTD., Training funds and pension in TEL AVIV-JAFFA - dun'sguide







































Dun'sGuide
Israel's Business Guide






 eng 


 eng 


 עבר 






Connect




Connect

Full name





Forgot your password?
Register




Forgot your password?
Register




To reset password  please enter your email
















New password has been sent
Log In












Search by

Business field

Name of Business

Enter Keyword for Search
Region not found







Create your business page






Homepage
Training funds and pension
Pensions
Central District
TEL AVIV-JAFFA
ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR WORKERS & INDEPENDENT WORKERS LTD.





ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR WORKERS & INDEPENDENT WORKERS LTD.
"עתודות" - קרן פנסיה לשכירים ועצמאיים בע"מ
  


Call
Order D&B Report

Claim your business



 +    

Add to Favorites








Also known as



Hebrew Name
"עתודות" - קרן פנסיה לשכירים ועצמאיים בע"מ


Phone Number
+972-3-6360811


Fax Number
+972-77-6383295


Mailing Address
36 Hachashmonaim, TEL AVIV-JAFFA 6425107


Opening Hours



Languages



Service Areas



Report an error





















Fields of Activity



Insurance - Insurance Companies


Training funds and pension



Specialty



Pensions











Business Data

View more details







More businesses related to Training funds and pension  



 D&B's Credibility Mark is a seal of approval designed to reflect a level of business credibility and ease a consumer's decision making process as they move towards a business transaction. This stamp is based on our professional opinion and on the information we have as to the quality levels of the products or services offered.




















Call









   Facebook  
    Twitter  
    +Google  
    linkedin  
   Email  





+ 


 
Established: 









Selected Training funds and pension businesses around you












Established: 



  




Real Estate & Construction



High tech & Computing services



Engineering & Architecture Businesses Interior Design



Law Firms



Accounting Firms



Additional Fields





All you need to know about businesses in Israel and worldwide
Before engaging in any business relationship, you should gather as much information as you can regarding who you seek to get involved with. That is exactly why we exist. We provide an extensive database that will show you everything you need to know about other businesses and companies, so that you will be able to make informed decisions before committing.








Locate Potential Customers
How financially stable the business you're interested in actually is. Is this business connection an unnecessary risk or a golden opportunity? This elaborate report was designed by our specialists, based on the questioning of interested parties, business environment analysis and professional risk assessment.
View Demo









Ownership Structure
Ownership percentages, parent companies, subsidiaries, executives... You'll find it all here. Through this dynamic system, featuring information on ownership ties, cross-holdings and risk rates, you can have a clearer image of the company in question from a legal, business and personal perspective.
View Demo









Cross-referencing Business Data
"Show me your friends and I'll tell you who you are" is an accurate saying for the business world as well. That is why we created a special report that examines business ties, thus reflecting potential risks or opportunities within business relationships.
View Demo









Business Information and Credit Risk Management Report
Knowledge is power, and we have quite a lot of it when it comes to demographics targeted down to the finest detail. Here you can find new audiences for your business to generate additional growth.
View Demo









Locate Potential Customers





Ownership Structure





Cross-referencing Business Data





Business Information and Credit Risk Management Report








Sign up to dunsguide and enjoy



Full name





* mandatory field



I accept the site's term of use




I agree to receive promotional content

Already registered?Log In Now





Registration Complete
Continue to site








If you wish to purchase one of our products or services please contact us.










Business Information and Credit Risk Management Report
Cross-referencing Business Data
Ownership Structure
Locate Potential Customers





Contact a representative


 
or call  
03-7330480 



 
 שעות פעילות  
 Sun-Thu 09:00-18:00














Order D&B Report


Full name















 
or call  

03-7330480




 
 Opening Hours  
 Sun-Thu 09:00-18:00








Call
All you need to know about businesses in Israel and worldwide




Thank you for contacting us
Continue to site







Contact us ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR WORKERS & INDEPENDENT WORKERS LTD.
























 
or call  

+972-3-6360811








Call





Thank you for contacting us
Continue to site







Report an error

















Business owner? Update your information here.
Contact us by phone: 03-5676754


Business owner? Update your information here.
Contact us by phone: 03-5676754
Call
or write to us




Thank you for contacting us
Continue to site







ATUDOT PENSION FUND FOR WORKERS & INDEPENDENT WORKERS LTD.






















Create your business page


Full name






>
>
>
>
>
* mandatory field





Thank you for contacting us
Continue to site









About dun'sguide
Advertise on dun'sguide
About D&B
About Credibility Mark
Information Solutions
Sign me up!
Dunsguide Blog
Contact Us


 D&B's Credibility Mark is a seal of approval designed to reflect a level of business credibility and ease a consumer's decision making process as they move towards a business transaction. This stamp is based on our professional opinion and on the information we have as to the quality levels of the products or services offered.



















































Pension Plans - Compare & Buy Pension Plan Online in India


 


 










1800-208-8787

[Toll Free]
+91-8800092221 























 






HomeInvestment PlansPension Plans


























    	﻿               

English
Hindi








About Pension Plans
Best Pension Plans
FAQ's

About Pension Plans

Pension Plans
Pension plans also known as retirement plans are investment plans that lets you allocate a part of your savings to accumulate over a period of time and provide you with steady income after retirement. Even if a person has a good amount of savings, a retirement plan is nevertheless crucial. Savings get exhausted very fast and are sometimes used in emergencies, so selecting the best pension scheme helps you secure your cash flow for meeting basic daily needs post retirement. When you continuously invest in retirement plans, the amount grows manifold due to the compounding effect which makes a lot of difference to your final savings corpus. A right pension scheme lets you plan for retirement in a phased manner. So it is advisable to choose a best retirement plan that can act as a savior in your golden years.
Compare and Buy the Best Retirement Plans
Compare and invest in pension plan to enjoy an independent and financially secure retirement. Choose a best retirement plan at PolicyBazaar.
Best Pension Plans in India 2016




Pension Plan Name


Entry Age


Vesting Age


Policy Term


Annual Premium Amount


Sum Assured




Reliance smart Pension plan


8 – 65 years


45 – 756 years


10 – 30 years


Rs. 24,000/-


N/A




Bajaj Allianz Retire Rich


30 – 73 years


N/A


7 -30 years


Rs.15000/- minimum


Rs.2,04,841/-




HDFC Life Pension Super Plus


35 – 65 years


55 – 75 years


10 – 20 years


N/A


Subject to underwriting




Aegon Life Guaranteed Income Advantage Insurance Plan


20 – 55 years


85 years


85 – entry age


N/A


Rs.1 lakh (min)




BSLI Empower Pension – SP Plan


25 -70 years


80 years


N/A


N/A


N/A




LIC JeevanAkshay VI


30 – 85 years


N/A


N/A


N/A


Rs. 500/- per month




LIC New JeevanNidhi


20 – 60 years


55 - 65 years


5 - 35 years


N/A


1lakhs




HDFC Life Personal Pension Plus


18 -65 yrs


55 yrs (min);75 yrs (max)


10 yrs (min);40 yrs (max)


Equal to the policy term


Rs. 2,04,841 (min); Depends on term, age and premium (max)




Reliance Immediate Annuity plan


20 – 80 years


N/A

 N/A

Rs.1000/-


Subject to underwriting




HDFC Life Guaranteed Pension Plan


35 – 65 years


55- 75 years


10 – 20 years


Rs. 24,000/-


Subject to underwriting




Bajaj Allianz Retire Rich


30 – 73 years


N/A


7 -30 years


Rs.15000/- minimum


Rs.2,04,841/-




HDFC Life Assured Pension Plan – ULIP Retirement Plans


18 yrs (min); 65 yrs (max)


45 yrs (min); 75 yrs (max)


10 yrs (min); 35 yrs (max)


Rs. 24,000 (min); No limit (max)


N/A




SBI Life - Saral Pension


18yrs (min); Regular Pay -60 years Single Pay


40 years (min); 70 years (max)


Regular Pay – 10 years / Single Pay – 5 years (min); 40 years (max)


Equal to policy term or Single Pay


Rs.1 lakh (min); No limit (max)




 

Types of Pension Plans in India
Retirement plans are way better investment plans that ensure secure life after retirement. These plans have multiple classifications, based on the plan structure and benefits.These plans can be further divideded-
1. Deferred Annuity 2. Immediate Annuity3. Annuity Certain4. With Cover and Without Cover Pension Plans5. Guaranteed Period Annuity6. Life Annuity7. National Pension Scheme (NPS)8. Pension Funds
Deferred Annuity: A deferred pension scheme allows you to accumulate a corpus through regular premiums or single premium over a policy term. After the policy term is over, the pension will begin. The advantages of deferred pension plans are immense and these include tax benefits that are associated with this pension scheme. No tax is levied on the money that an individual invests in the plan unless he withdraws it. As deferred pension scheme can be bought by making the one-time payment or by making regular contributions towards it, therefore, the plan suits to all types of investors: those who want to invest systematically and those who have a chunk of money to invest.
Immediate Annuity: In an immediate annuity scheme, pension begins immediately. One has to deposit a lump-sum amount and pension will start instantly,basedon the lump-sum amountinvested by the policyholder. A range of the annuity options is available to choose from.Moreover, the premiums paid are exempted for tax, as per Income Tax Act, 1961.After the death of a policyholder, his nominee will be entitled to get money.
With Cover and Without Cover Pension Plans:The "with cover" pension plans have life cover component in the plan. This implies that on the death of the policyholder, a lump sum amount is paid to the family members. However, the cover amount is not very high since a large part of premium is diverted towards growing the corpus rather than covering for life risk. The "without cover" pension plan implies that there is no life cover. In the event of unfortunate death of the policyholder, the nominee will get the corpus (till the date of the death). Currently, deferred pension plans are "with cover" and immediate annuity plans are "without cover".
Annuity Certain:As per this clause, the annuity is paid to the annuitant for a specific number of years. The annuitant can choose the period and if he dies before exhausting all payments, the annuity will be paid to the beneficiary.
Guaranteed Period Annuity:As per this annuity option, annuity is given to the life assured for certain periods like 5,10,15 or 20 years, whether or not he survives that duration.
Life Annuity:As per this annuity option, pension amount will be paid to the annuitant until death. After choosing the “with spouse” option, the amount of pension will be given to the spouse of the policyholder, in case of the death of the annuitant.
National Pension Scheme (NPS):New Pension scheme has been introduced by the government for people looking to build up pension amount. You can put savings in the new pension scheme which will be invested in equity and debt market as per your preference. You can withdraw 60% of the amount at retirement and rest 40% must be used to purchase the annuity. The maturity amount is not tax-free.
Pension Funds:In a way, investing in a pension plan is a good option indeed. As these plans remain in force for a long time, they offer comparatively better returns at maturity. Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA), the government body has allowed 6 companies as fund managers. 
Question and Answer on Pension Plans



What are the Features of Pension Plans?

Nowadays, people start planning for the retirement life at an early stage so that at a later stage they do not have to depend on others to make their ends meet. Usually, a conventional retirement plan encompasses following features-
Annuity
The annuity is the most distinctive feature of pension plans and generally comes in two types, immediate and deferred. As its name suggests, immediate annuity starts immediately. The insurance company pays the annuitant the annuity pension plan amount right after the receipt of the lump sum premium. These plans offer the single premium route so that the insurance company can use the amount invested by the annuitant to build up a corpus for him or her. The deferred annuity plans are the normal plans that start paying a certain sum after a few years. The insurance companies offer a diverse range of pension plans for various terms that allow the annuitant to choose the period for which they want to receive the annuity. If you are thinking of retirement planning then look for the best retirement plan in India by looking at the annuity they offer vis-a-vis the premium you will pay.
Sum Assured
The sum assured is the life insurance cover that the insured receives during the tenure of the pension plan. It gives the insured the benefit of being able to provide for his dependents if the worst comes to pass. The sum assured is generally given as a part of the ‘with cover’ pension plans. Such type of retirement pension plans give the mental peace necessary to carry on life without any worries. The life insurance companies in India calculate the sum assured in different ways. For instance, a few of them may offer pension plans with sum assured of say 10 times the premium amount, while others may provide a sum assured that equals the fund value of the policy taken by the individual. The calculation varies from company to company. In case, there is no sum assured, then the plan is more in the nature of pure play pension plan rather than an insurance plan with retirement benefits.
Vesting Age
The vesting age is the age when the investor starts receiving the pension income. Depending on when the policy was brought and the type of premium, the vesting age can be your current age if you opt for the pension plan payment to start right away (immediate annuity – lump sum premium) or after a few years such as 10-15 years. The minimum vesting age for most policies start from 40 years of age but on an average is around 50 years. The maximum vesting age is generally around 70 years, though some insurance companies may offer plans that have a maximum vesting age of 65 years or even 79 years or more.
Accumulation Period
This refers to the period when the premium is being paid by the investor for the pension plans. Some of the best pension plans in India offer the option to the investor to start paying off a part of the premium from any amounts due to be received by them. This decreases the outgo for the investor during the years leading up to retirement and helps them use their money on more urgent matters. However, most pension plans keep the accumulation period separate from the pay-out period. This helps in building up a significant corpus for the investor to receive a pension.
Payment Period
The payment period, as the name suggests, refers to the period in which the investor starts receiving the payments. This period is generally separate from the accumulation phase and helps the investor to increase his overall retirement corpus.
Surrender Value
The surrender value of pension plans is the amount the insurance company will pay the individual if they opt to surrender the retirement plan before its due date, and if they have paid the premium for the required minimum period. Though people may need to surrender a plan for various reasons, including not being able to continue with the premium payment or needing the money, most experts suggest not surrendering a retirement plan due to the loss the individual will face. When the insured party chooses to surrender a retirement plan, they lose all benefits attached to the plan, including the life cover, if any. Readers must note that the surrender value is a term associated only with insurance plans that have a savings corpus creation feature. The plans that do not have a savings component such as term plans do not have a surrender value. 
Minimum Guarantee of Pension Plans
Every pension plan needs to have a minimum guarantee. Each premium paid towards the insurance policy as well as the maturity benefits must have “on zero returns”, as instructed by IRDA. This should be no less than one percent of the premiums paid over the years.Though the minimum guarantee extends to all variable insurance plans, most of the companies offer various types of other pension plans that may offer better returns than the guaranteed plans. This, of course, varies from plan to plan and you should make sure that you pick ones that makes sense to you. What the minimum guarantee of pension plans offers you is awareness of the amount that you will definitely receive at the end of the policy period.



What is Participating and Non-Participating Pension Plan?

The participating pension plans are also called the traditional type of insurance plans, since the bonus in these products are similar to the reversionary bonuses of the standard insurance policies. In traditional plans, the insurance company offers the insured a bonus that is a percentage of the sum assured of their policy. This bonus is generally declared by the insurance company each year based on its performance in the previous year. The reversionary bonus is generally of the nature of simple interest where the bonus of the previous period does not get added to the sum assured. These bonuses declared in the tenure of the retirement policy get accumulated and the lump sum amount distributed to the insured party when the policy matures. The participating pension scheme in India allows for a planned approach to retirement planning.
The non-participating plans declare their bonus amounts at the time of the investor signing up for the plan. The insurance company has no discretion in non-participating pension plans and have to deliver on the amounts promised under the pension plan. Most of the best pension plans in India offer retirement benefits or bonuses that are pegged to certain indices. These may be the larger market index or smaller indices comprising of a few securities or government bonds. The non-participating plans offer more definite returns and make it easier for people to do their retirement planning.



What is Public Provident Fund?

The Public Provident Fund (PPF) scheme was launched by the Government of India in 1968 to create a pan India scheme for the citizens for their retirement planning. Any Indian above the age of 18 years can open the PPF account and deposit amounts from as low as Rs. 500 to Rs. 1.5 lakh per year. The PPF plan provides an interest on the amount deposited by the individual, which is compounded over its 15 years tenure to build up a large retirement corpus base for the individual. It has a lock-in period of 7 years and allows the investors to make withdrawals from the eight year onwards, though withdrawal of all the funds is allowed only after the maturity period. The plan can be renewed beyond the initial 15 years for additional periods of 5 years each.



What is Employees' Provident Fund or Employees’ Pension Scheme?

Employees' Provident Fund (EPF) is a provident fund and insurance scheme administered by the Government of India for all employees of various organisations across the country. The provident fund requires employees of a member organisation to make a contribution of 12% of their income towards the fund along with an equal contribution by their employers. The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation that manages the fund invests most of the amounts received from employees in debt securities though the Government allows 5% to 15% to be invested in the stock market. 
The Employees’ Pension Scheme (EPS) is a completely different scheme but which is interrelated with the Employees' Provident Fund, both being managed under the Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act of 1952. The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation diverts 8.33% of the 12% salary contribution that the employers have made for their employees’ EPF into the employees’ EPS accounts. The 12% contribution that the employees have made from their own salary stays in the EPF.



What is PM Pension Scheme?

The PradhanMantriAtal Pension Yojana or PM pension scheme for short is a unique retirement planning option introduced to bring the rural population under the ambit of pension schemes in India. The retirement planning solution allows any individual within the age group of 18 to 40 to contribute and get the necessary retirement benefits that were hitherto not available for them. The premium can be paid through monthly, quarterly and half yearly payment options.



What Is New Pension Scheme and Its Benefits?

The National Pension Scheme or the New Pension Scheme is a Government of India initiative to give policyholders a pension plan that will take care of them at old age. The retirement planning becomes easier with the new pension scheme as the pensioners receive a pension depending on their contribution towards the retirement plan during the accumulation stage. The voluntary new pension scheme in India is managed by the Pension Fund Regulatory & Development Authority that was set up by an act of the Indian Parliament in 2013. 
The new pension scheme is a voluntary scheme that is open to all people in the age group of 18 to 60 years. It seeks to inculcate a discipline of savings among Indians to take care of their future. The new pension scheme has a minimum contribution of Rs. 500 per month or Rs. 6,000 per year. There is no limit on the maximum contribution, though. The Income Tax Act allows a deduction of only Rs. 50,000 under section 80CCD(1B). 
The new pension scheme provides a range of benefits such as the option to select from a range of investment choices and to choose the pension fund manager of one’s choice. The new pension scheme also allows individuals to switch between different investment options and also between different fund managers. Let’s look at them in more detail to answer the question what is new pension scheme?
Benefits of New Pension Scheme (NPS)
Choose the investment option you prefer
Investors can choose the investment option that suits them best under the new pension scheme. These options include equity, debt and government securities. The new pension scheme also has an automatic option where the funds are allocated according to their expectations and their age. This automatic option in the new pension scheme opts for riskier investments if the person is young and settles for non-riskier choices as the person advances in age over the years. For the sake of protection of the funds and the person’s future, the new pension scheme limits the exposure to equity to 50%.
Opt for the pension fund manager of your choice
The new pension scheme in India offers the investor a choice of different pension fund manager to oversee their investments.
Track your new pension scheme account with a unique number
The pension makes it easier for people to plan their retirement planning. Each individual who has opted for the new pension scheme is given a Permanent Retirement Account Number or PRAN, that lets him or her track their portfolio from wherever they are. This number is unique for each individual and stays the same for each subscriber throughout his or her life.
A choice of two accounts for more flexibility
The new pension scheme has a two-tier account structure that gives the investor more flexibility in planning their pension. The first account, also called the Tier I account is one from where the investor cannot make any withdrawal. All the money accumulated by the investors in the new pension scheme is placed in this account and then invested as per their investment choices. The Tier II account of the new pension scheme is one from where the investor can make voluntary withdrawals depending on their needs. The Tier II account of new pension schemes cannot exist without an active Tier I account.
One account to manage throughout your career
One of the biggest drawbacks of provident funds such as the EPF is that it is managed by various state divisions for different states. Going for a job in a new city in a different stage generally means changing the EPF organisation also. This is a difficult and very time-consuming process. All this is avoided by the new pension schemes. People can now change their jobs or relocate to any other part of the country without having to worry whether they will be able to access their provident fund contribution. They can easily access their new pension scheme account from their home and even manage their allocation without having to fill in innumerable forms or stand in long queues in PF offices.
New pension scheme available to non-salaried people
The new pension scheme offers small or large traders and businessmen who run the bulk of trade in India, the option to have a tax savings pension plan that will help them build a retirement corpus to take care of them when they retire from business.
Government-backed plan
The new pension scheme is managed by the Pension Fund Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA), a body ratified by an act of Parliament. This means the new pension is as secure as people can expect it to be. The returns promised will be delivered and people do not have to worry whether they have been taken for a ride.
Tax Benefits

The final pay-out is provided in two ways. 33% of final payout can be withdrawn in lump-sum and is not taxable.However, the rest of the amount is taxable.
Up to Rs. 50,000 of the contribution is not taxable under section 80CCD(1B) of the Income Tax Act, over and above the Rs. 1.5 lakh tax emption provided under section 80C of the Act.
The tax benefits are available for both salaried and non-salaried individuals.




What are the Advantages of Pension Plans

If you are trying to find the best retirement plan in India, it may be beneficial to understand the advantages of retirement planning and the retirement benefits each pension schemes in India provides. Though each pension scheme in India comes with its own specific retirement benefits, it makes sense to understand what the plans offer. For detailed information on the pension details, visit our website, PolicyBazaar.com, to understand to find the best retirement plan in India for you.
Regular Income after Retirement:The pension schemes in India offer you a guaranteed income that helps you to meet your living expenses. Looking at specific pension details offered by each plan will help you to better tweak your retirement planning and get the income you need in the future. Some of the insurance plans offer income for life, which ensures that the investor does not have to worry about the future. Since these life income plans offer better returns, a smart way to go for retirement planning is to opt for two plans, one each for the two heads of the family so that the proceeds from each plan can be used to meet their respective expenses.
Money When You Need It:Some of the plans offer lump sum payments that you can use to meet major expenses. The years leading up to retirement require a large expenditure for reasons, such as building a house or buying a flat. Some give the option for you to withdraw a large chunk of your corpus to meet such large expenses. Looking the policy details for the various plans will help you in retirement planning, as you will be able to pick the ones that suit your expected needs in the future.
Get the Tax Advantage: The investment you make in the retirement planning solutions will help you to save significantly on your tax. In fact, if you plan it well, you may even be able to lower your income tax slab to a lower one from the higher one in which you were earlier bracketed. Checking the policy details will also allow you to understand if you can take advantage of all the exemptions available under section 80C.
Insurance Cover: The retirement planning solutions people invest in will help provide them with an insurance cover, to protect their family’s income if the worst comes to pass. Most life insurance companies offer an insurance cover along with their retirement plans so that the spouse does not have to face any financial difficulty if the unfortunate happens.




 
Tips to Choose the Right Pension Plan
Understand your needs: It is crucial that you understand how much you need to sustain yourself and your dependents after you retire. Make allowance for the inflation and thus, the increased expenses in the future.
Do some research: Read through the pension details in depth to understand what you are opting for. Some policies will explain in the pension details the type of income you are likely to receive. Look up your needs from your retirement planning calculations and pick the plans that make sense. The pension details in the policies will offer information on the periodicity of your income, how much is guaranteed, how much is dependent on market performance etc.
Understand the different products: There are a large number of retirement solutions in the market. Choose the ones that can give you the income you need. You can know this number from your retirement planning calculations.
Know about other retirement planning options: Do not stick to a retirement planning solution just because someone says so. One product that suits your friend may not suit you. Look up the provident funds, the retirement plans offered by the asset management companies and those offered by the insurance companies to get what you need.
Do not look at only the tax benefits: Though tax benefits matter, they form only a part of the overall picture. If you plan for your retirement, considering only the tax benefits, you may not be able to build up the corpus you need for your retirement. So, do your retirement planning calculations and invest the amount you know you should get a secure future.
Pension Plans - Latest News 2016-17
Sale of Traditional Pension Plans Increase Owing to recent market fluctuation
Looking at the fluctuations in the equity market, Indians have now started opting for traditional pension plans as well as life insurance plans instead of ULIPs. As reported by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, people are now inclined more towards life insurance policies such as life insurance (67.8% of products in the market were purchased). Moreover, 18.6% pension plans were purchased in the financial year 2015-16. The sales of these products have increased as compared to year-on-year sale.
Sales of ULIPs have gone down, and its contribution to the insurance pool has slipped from 16.1% (2014-15) to 13.6% (2015-16). Out of Rs. 25 lakh crore invested by life insurance policies, only Rs. 3.4 lakh crore was from ULIPs. The traditional products have a major share in the current market. In this sector, life funds contributed Rs 16.9 lakh crore. Moreover, Rs 4.6 lakh crore was the contribution of the pension funds. 
Best Pension Plans



Plan Name
Plan Features
Entry Age - Min/Max
Maturity Age - Min/Max
Policy Term(PT) & Policy Paying term(PPT)
Plan Benefits
Sum Assured  in case of Death





			HDFC Life Click to Retire
			



Secure your retirement with Assured Vesting Benefit and also gain from upside in the market
Lower vesting/maturity age of 45 years
No Entry or Exit charges.
Partial Withdrawls allowed post the 5th policy year.
Tax deduction is available under sec 80(C)  when Sum Assured is atleast than 10 times Annual premium.


18 - 65 Years
45 - 75 Years
PT: 10, 15 - 35 YearsPPT: Single Pay, 8, 10, 15 Years


Policy  vests at the end of the policy term, and your Maturity  Benefit it will be the higher of: Fund Value or Assured Vesting Benefit.
Death Benefit: Incase of demise of life assured before end of policy term, Nominee receives higher of fund value or Sum Assured


105% of the cumulative premiums paid.





			Birla Sun Life Wealth Secure
			



Pay premiums for a limited term and get life cover for whole life
Flexibility to choose from 3 investment options to suit your investment needs
Flexibility of partial withdrawals to meet any emergency fund requirements
Tax deduction is available under sec 80(C)  when Sum Assured is atleast than 10 times Annual premium.


1 - 60 Years
NA
PT: whole lifePPT: 5 to 30 Years
*On maturity you get entire Fund Value that is the Total value of your investments.                                         *Guarenteed additions in the form of additional units will be added every year post the 10th policy anniversary.                                                                      *Death Benefit: In the unfortunate event the life insured dies while the policy is in effect, the nominee will  get higher of Base Fund Valu or Base Sum Assured.
For Age less than 45:Higher of 10 *Annual Premium or [(70 - entry age)/2]* Annual Premiumfor age equal to or greater than 45:Higher of 7 *Annual Premium or [(70 - entry age)/4]* Annual Premium





			Max Life FYPP
			



Guaranteed Maturity Benefit
Option to choose the maturity age as per your requirement
Option to guarantee the retirement benefit for your spouse in the unfortunate event of your death, if you have opted for Max Life Partner Care Rider
Guaranteed Loyalty Additions added to the fund, starting 11th year
Tax deduction is available under sec 80(C)  when Sum Assured is atleast than 10 times Annual premium.


30 - 65 Years
50 - 75 Years
PT: 10 - 75 minus entry agePPT: Single Pay, Regular Pay from 1 Year to Policy Term
Maturity Benefit:
			
Pension Maximiser Option: you will receive an amount equal to the higher of Fund Value or 101% of cumulative premiums (including top up premiums, if any)at maturity. If you opt for the Pension
Preserver Option: you will receive an amount equal to the higher of Fund Value or 110% of cumulative premiums (including top up premiums, if any)at maturity.
Death Benefit: Higher of the Fund Value as on date of death or  Sum Assured


105% of the cumulative premiums paid (including top up premiums, if any)





			HDFC Life Click to Invest
			



Premium payment option of single pay, 5 pay, 7 pay, 10 pay or regular pay
Choose from the range of 8 fund options
Lump Sum partial withdrawls allowed post the 5th year.
Tax deduction is available under sec 80(C)  when Sum Assured is atleast than 10 times Annual premium.


0 - 65 Years
18 - 75 Years
PT: 5 - 20 YearsPPT:Single Pay,Limited: 5,7 and 10 yearsRegular: 5 to 20 Years
Maturity Benefit: You will get the fund value of your investments & will have the option to take the fund value as periodic installments also.Death Benefit: Nominee will receive highest of Sum Assure or Fund Value or 105% of all premiums.
Single Premium: 125% of single PremiumRegular and Limited premium (age < 55):   10 * Annual PremiumRegular and Limited premium (age > 55):     7 * Annual Premium





			Sbi Life e-Wealth
			



Twin Benefit of life insurance cover and market linked returns
Choice of two plan options based on overall exposure to equity, debt and money market instruments
Liquidity through partial withdrawals from 6th policy year onwards
Tax deduction is available under sec 80(C)  when Sum Assured is atleast than 10 times Annual premium.


18 - 50 Years
60 Years
PT: 10 - 20 YearsPPT: Same as policy Term
Maturity Benefit: On maturity the current Fund Value of investments made is paid as Lumpsum alternatively option to choose periodic installment options is also there.Death Benefit:Nominee will receive highest of Sum Assure or Fund Value or 105% of all premiums.
10 * Annual premium

 
FAQ's


 What is a Pension Plan?
Ans:
Pension Plan is a kind of insurance cum investment plan. In this plan, the insured pays regular premium to the insurance company to build up a corpus over time. On maturity (retirement), this corpus is paid back to the insurer in the form of regular income. However, in case the insured dies, the beneficiary will get the sum assured along with the bonuses. 



What is annuity?
Ans:
The regular payouts you get of your pension plan post retirement is called annuity. The annuity can be availed on a monthly/quarterly/half-yearly/yearly basis. 



Why do I need pension plans?
Ans:
Pension plan assures a regular income post retirement when you enter the no-more-paychecks phase of your life. Retirement is perhaps the best time to enjoy leisure activities. Pension plan funds your to-do-lists post retirement. A pension plan is a great way to be financially independent in your second innings. 



I already have a provident fund account. Do I still need a pension plan?
Ans:
Yes, you do. 'PF is simply not enough.' The ever growing inflation will make your PF amount look quite minuscule in the future. It will not suffice your future expenses. This becomes all the more important, as you become more vulnerable to health problems in your old age. A lone provident fund amount will utterly fail to financially support the healthcare needs. 



How do I calculate the retirement corpus?
Ans:
You can do that with a Retirement Calculator. You need to put in the following details in the calculator and it’ll sum up an ideal corpus.

Present cost of living (monthly expenses)
Inflation rate
Retirement age
Number of years you expect to live post retirement
 



What are the types of Pension Plans?
Ans:
Pension Plans can be classified on various parameters. Here
 
On the basis of mode of premium payment
Deferred Annuity Pension Plan – The premium is paid regularly on a monthly/quarterly/annual basis. The annuity begins after a time period as specified by the policyholder in the annuity contract.
Immediate Annuity Pension Plan – A lump sum is paid as a one-time premium and the annuity begins almost immediately and continues for the policy term or throughout the insured’s life.
 
On the basis of nature of investment
ULIP Pension Plans – The pool of funds created by the premiums of the insured persons is invested both in debt instruments and equity instruments. Since it’s a market linked plan, the potential for returns is high.
Traditional Pension Plans - The pool of funds created by the premiums of the insured persons is invested only in debt instruments. The returns are steady but not substantial.
 
On the basis of tenure
Life annuity Pension Plan – The annuity is paid out to the insured until his/her death.
Fixed Term Annuity Pension Plan - The annuity is paid out to the insured until a fixed term (decided by the policyholder). The term could be quite earlier than the insured’s death. 



How is a Pension Plan different from a Term Plan?
Ans:



 
Term Plan
Pension Plan


Objective
To get a financial back up for your family in case of your demise
To get a financial back up for yourself and your family while still living. Though, like a term plan, it also provides a sum assured to your family in case of your demise


Maturity Benefit
Entire maturity amount is paid out at once and is tax exempted
1/3rd maturity amount is paid out as lump sum and is tax exempted The rest 2/3rd is paid out as annuity and is taxable


 



What are the tax benefits?
Ans:
As per section 80CCC of the Income Tax act, the premiums paid out for the pension plan are subjected to a deduction of up to a maximum of Rs 10,000 on taxable income. 



Which annuity retirement plan should I choose- Deferred annuity or immediate annuity?
Ans:
Choosing the right annuity plan can bring major changes to your retirement income. Nowadays, many people consider buying annuity pension plans as the part of their retirement option. Annuity plans can be broadly categorized into immediate annuity plan and deferred annuity plan. To know which retirement plan you should choose it is important to learn more about these plans: 
Deferred annuity plan= Under this plan, annuity phase is preceded by saving phase. Such types of policies are designed for people who don't require immediate pensions and have several years till the retirement age. It means they have enough time to invest and build a corpus. All premiums which are paid get invested till the maturity date.
Immediate annuity plan= In immediate annuity plan, if you are above 30 years, you can pay a lump sum amount and then start earning annuity benefits immediately after retirement. The payments can either be scheduled for a fixed tenure like 5, 10 or 15 years. Here, it is important to mention that immediate annuity plans are non-participating products and thus, they don't earn bonuses.
You can choose any of the above plans based on your risk appetite, fund requirement and current annual income. 



What is accumulation phase?
Ans:
It is the time period during which you regularly pay premiums to the insurance company to receive income post retirement in the form of pension. 






















Articles

Senior Citizens Pension Scheme Announced to Ensure Greater Returns For Elderly Citizens4 Best Ways to Make your Retirement Planning SuccessfulWhy Retirement Planning is Important for EveryoneTwo Ways to Open an Account with National Pension System (NPS)All You Need to Know About LIC’s New Jeevan Nidhi Plan 




12345







Average Rating 4.6  / 5 (52 reviews)



view more


Write a Review 
 Pension Plans InsurersAegon Life Pension PlansAviva Pension PlansBajaj Allianz Pension PlansBirla Sun Life Pension PlansCanara HSBC Pension PlansDHFL Pramerica Pension PlansExide Life Pension PlansFuture Generali Pension PlansHDFC Life Pension PlansICICI Prudential Pension PlansIDBI Federal Pension PlansIndiaFirst Pension PlansKotak Life Pension PlansLIC Pension PlansMax Life Pension PlansPNB MetLife Pension PlansReliance Life Pension PlansSahara Life Pension PlansSBI Life Pension PlansSBI Life Pension PlansShriram Life Pension PlansStar Union Pension PlansTata AIA Pension Plans
 Expert Speak




Is there merit in guarantees for pension plans?
    
                    The markets move up or down which is why there is an element of risk when it comes to investments. this is the basic reason why an individual may ask for a guarantee on his investment. but do they really secure your hard earned money? before we delve into this, let’s take a quick glance at the last 35 years of the indian stock market which today hovers around 22k. the point of this is to underst... [Read more] 


view more


Investment Insurance Video


















 News

News


Government launched varishtha pension bima yojana closes this weekAtal pension yojana receives rs. 5000 cover from the governmentSebi to introduce mutual fund retirement plans with tax benefits in 2015 budgetChances of raising the age limit of the epfo pension schemes to 60Government launches insurance, pension scheme for senior citizens 


Customer Questions


 









Add Your Family Members







Self


Age18 Years19 Years20 Years21 Years22 Years23 Years24 Years25 Years26 Years27 Years28 Years29 Years30 Years31 Years32 Years33 Years34 Years35 Years36 Years37 Years38 Years39 Years40 Years41 Years42 Years43 Years44 Years45 Years46 Years47 Years48 Years49 Years50 Years51 Years52 Years53 Years54 Years55 Years56 Years57 Years58 Years59 Years60 Years61 Years62 Years63 Years64 Years65 Years66 Years67 Years68 Years69 Years70 Years71 Years72 Years73 Years74 Years75 Years76 Years77 Years78 Years79 Years80 Years81 Years82 Years83 Years84 Years85 Years86 Years87 Years88 Years89 Years90 Years91 Years92 Years93 Years94 Years95 Years96 Years97 Years98 Years99 Years100 Years 





Spouse


Age18 Years19 Years20 Years21 Years22 Years23 Years24 Years25 Years26 Years27 Years28 Years29 Years30 Years31 Years32 Years33 Years34 Years35 Years36 Years37 Years38 Years39 Years40 Years41 Years42 Years43 Years44 Years45 Years46 Years47 Years48 Years49 Years50 Years51 Years52 Years53 Years54 Years55 Years56 Years57 Years58 Years59 Years60 Years61 Years62 Years63 Years64 Years65 Years66 Years67 Years68 Years69 Years70 Years71 Years72 Years73 Years74 Years75 Years76 Years77 Years78 Years79 Years80 Years81 Years82 Years83 Years84 Years85 Years86 Years87 Years88 Years89 Years90 Years91 Years92 Years93 Years94 Years95 Years96 Years97 Years98 Years99 Years100 Years 




Son
Daughter



Add More Members
Father
Mother
Father-In-Law
Mother-In-Law
Grand Father
Grand Mother



Cancel
Done









What our clients say
			



                        Transparency - best; Support - Best; One stop shop for insurance requirements is wht they claim to be and they are. Good job guys						


Mahendar Sharma



                        I must compliment you guys for the excellent customer service & seamless experience on the website. I have always been more than happy with the service that your company has provided me with. This time it was even beyond that standard.						


Raj Daki



                        Guys, please bring one point share for facebook etc. You are surely on my recommended list. Best site I know for end to end insurance needs. Searching, comparison, buying, support..everything.						


Pulkit Uppal



                        I had a good experience while using your website for online purchase of a plan in category wealth- accumulation plan of Edelweiss Tokio.						


Piyush Jain



                        Buying an investment plan online through PolicyBazaar.com was an amazing experience. The step by step guidance and support whenever desired was all I could have asked for.						


Vineet Goswami



                        Visting policybazaar was the best thing I did over the last month. Had I not, I would have wasted my money and spoiled my plan for retirement as well. You rock!						


Mayur Harne



                        You guys saved me from getting cheated. Your timely advice and the clarity with which the information was downloaded helped me save my hard earned money. Best part, I now know what I have bought despite being completely unknown to this segment of the world.						


Priyadarsh Upadhyaya



                        Best experience I had for my insurance needs. This was the 5th policy I have purchased for myself. Recommend this to all my friends.						


Satya Prakash Gupta



                        Never thought there would be such transparent work happening in india. With the field you're in, this is the best you could have done for customers like us. You empower us…power of informed decisions. Keep up the good work						


Apoorv Gupta



                        It is my privilege to have been connected to you in some way. I had bought a policy through your portal, and it was an amazing experience.						


Pankaj Das



                        Thanks for all the support you guys have provided for my policy. Your dilligent followups & efforts ensured that I received my policy in this timeframe.						


Bhanu Singh



                        It was pleasure to visit PolicyBazaar and complete my purchase using their website. Comprehensive information, polite advisors, complete with online demonstration which was real time.						


Prabhat Mithariya



                        This was my first investment in life. Thanks to PolicyBazaar.com to make this an easy task. Excellent explanation and assistance by the advisors.						


gopal krishna



                        You website and advisors cleared all doubts regarding my existing policies. The live examples with charts of these policies were game changers. It helped me with my decision to continue with the policies. You are doing good work.						


Ramkesh Sharma










Our partners



aegonlife
apollo
Aviva
Bajaj
baxa
cigna
edelweisstokio
exidelife
HDFC-ERGO
hdfcstandard
indiafirst
idbi
iffco
indiafirst
Kotak
liberty
lic
L&T
metlife
Max-Bupa
maxlife
Reliance
religare
royal
sahara
sbilife
star-health
Future Generali
oriental
universal Sompo 

national
relianceGeneral


‹
›








You May Also Know About :
Pension Plan Calculator 







Our Investors :



















CIN: U74900HR2014PTC053454 Policybazaar Insurance Web Aggregator Private Limited, Registered Office no. - Plot No.119, Sector - 44, Gurgaon, Haryana - 122001
        IRDAI Web aggregator License No. 06 License Code No. IRDAI/WBA21/15 Valid till 13/07/2018
Insurance is the subject matter of solicitation. Visitors are hereby informed that their information submitted on the website may be shared with insurers.
	 Product information is authentic and solely based on the information received from the Insurer &COPY; Copyright 2008-2017 policybazaar.com. All Rights Reserved.	        
    















1










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Subscribe to notifications


                                  Manage Site Notification
                          

                                  notification come here
                          
















Investment Plans - Compare Best Investment Plans in India


 


 










1800-208-8787

[Toll Free]
+91-8800092221 
























 






HomeInvestment Plans


























    	﻿               

English
Hindi








About Investment Plans
FAQ's

About Investment Plans


Investment Plans
Investment Plans are financial products that provide the opportunity to create wealth for future. Life Insurance products are often used as investment instruments. The advantage of investing through a life insurance plan is that it not only allows you to create wealth for future but also offers comprehensive life coverage at the same time.
These plans are essentially of two types, Unit Linked Insurance Plans or ULIPs that provides returns based on market performance, and traditional endowment plans that offer a lump sum or annuity payout at the end of the policy term when the life insurance policy matures. These type of saving scheme or investments offer life coverage and returns but differ in their construct.
A good financial plan with returns and life coverage invest the premium as paid by the policyholder in the stock market and gives them returns which are comparatively volatile as they depend on the performance of the stock markets. Whereas, an endowment plan offers lower but safer returns. However, a customer does not get to know where they are saving money or it is being further used due to the opaque construct of endowment plans, unlike ULIPs where they know where their fund is being put. ULIPs offer customers the option to check the status of their investments through a figure called the Net Asset Value (NAV), among others.
Nonetheless, endowment plans have their benefits. Where ULIPs give the policyholder a lot more flexibility and transparency, endowment plans act as a guaranteed return plan option as they offer definite profits.
Best Investment Plans in India 2016-17



Investment Plans
Plan Type
Entry Age
Maximum Maturity Age
Policy Term
Fund Options


HDFC Life Click2invest
ULIP
30 days – 65 years
75 years
5 – 20 years
8


SBI eWealth
ULIP
18 - 50 years
60 years
10 - 20 years
4


ICICI Pru Smart Life
ULIP
20-54 years
30-64 years
10 – 25 years
8


Bajaj Future Gain
ULIP
1 - 60 years
70 years
10 years (min)
7


Aegon iInvest
ULIP
7 - 55 years
70 years
10/ 15/ 20/ 25 years
5


Bharti AXA eFuture Invest
ULIP
18 – 59 years
69 years
10 years
6


SBI Life- Smart Scholar
Unit-linked child plan
18-57 years (for proposer) 0- 17 years (for child)
65 years
8-25 years minus child’s age at entry
7


Bajaj Allianz Fortune Gain
ULIP
1 – 63 years
70 years
7 - 30 years
7


Future Generali Easy Invest Online Plan
ULIP
0-50 years
18-70 year
10,20 years
5


HDFC SL YoungStar Super Premium
Unit-Linked child plan
18 – 55/65 years
65/75 years
10 – 20 years
4


Aviva iGrowth
Unit-Linked life Insurance plan
18- 50 years
60 years
10, 15, 20 years
3


Bajaj Allianz Retire Rich 
Unit-Linked pension plan
30 - 73 years
80 years
7 - 30 years
3


Retire Rich
Unit-Linked pension plan
30-73 years
37-80 years
7-30 years
1



 

Types of Investment Plans

Life Insurance Investment Plans
Unit Linked Investment Plans (ULIP)
Endowment Plan
Guaranteed Return Plan

Life Insurance Investments: The best investment plan offers the policyholder both life cover plus the added advantage of saving fund. Life insurance investments is always taken keeping a future objective in mind and this objective could be either a long-term or a short-term objective, like buying a house, child's marriage and education or just building up a corpus for future. The best investment acts as a two-in-one solution.

Unit Linked Investment Plans (ULIPs): Unit Linked Plans as commonly referred to are a type of coverage plan that provides coverage wherein the money paid as premium by the investor is channelised into the stock markets. Each and every ULIP has a different set of funds that they invest in. Individuals who invest in a best investment plan get a certain number of units of the fund. These investments are based on the correlation of the fund value of the fund they are investing in and the premium the investors have put in.The Unit Linked Insurance Plans are amongst the best investment options in India in case you are looking for some coverage cum investment options. The ULIP plans give both financial security and life coverage. ULIPs also give you the leverage to make direct market investments. Your ULIPs funds can be invested into equity funds or debt funds or both partially. The value of the debt fund or the equity fund is evaluated as Net Asset Value the criteria. Though investment through ULIPs is rarely seen case but Unit Linked plans have a greatly responsible in the investment market. Comparatively, mutual funds are complete Systematic Investment Products i.e. SIP. Different mutual funds have different risk exposures. Mutual funds that are equity oriented invest a major part into equities wherein the balanced funds or hybrid funds invest into equity and debt fund market. The debt funds invest in the bonds and fixed income securities. Below is a brief on how ULIPs and Mutual Funds justify your investment needs:

Potential of Returns

The potential returns on ULIPs are lower since the ULIPs fall is a member of low risk products unlike a mutual fund product. The sum assured promised by the product is regardless of the return earned by the ULIP plan. Wherein mutual funds are differently featured as the equity mutual funds incur better returns than the hybrid returns and the hybrid funds give higher returns than the debt funds.

Liquidity

ULIPs can be anytime used for money withdrawal to get through any financial emergency. This totally depends on the investment tenure of the product. Although mutual funds are more liquid as the market exposure is higher than ULIPs.

Risk exposure

Since ULIP plans are less prone to risks because the simple ideas of ULIPs are to provide coverage. Although ULIP plans have a variety of scope to invest its funds the ULIPs needs to be handled diligently since they are basically insurance products. The risk associated with equity mutual funds are more than hybrid mutual funds and both are relatively more risky than a debt fund. Although an investor can put in their money after making a detailed study on the product NAV i.e. the Net Asset Value.Endowment Plans: Endowment plans are the traditional form of insurance products that offer an individual a life cover with very low profit. Endowment plans are usually taken by individuals who are looking to increase the value of fund plan but one which offers them guaranteed profits in lieu of a higher life cover.Endowment plans are the best investment plan for investors who are not looking for a large corpus but are actually more concerned about keeping their funds safe and secure, and still receive a certain amount of profits on their assets.Guaranteed Return Plan: These plans offer a guaranteed amount of fund to a policyholder at the end of a specific investment policy term. The policyholder needs to compare and know that the guarantee he gets here is specific to set of terms and conditions of the plan. These conditions could be either a:

Highest NAV, which is usually in Unit Linked Plan
Capital Guarantee, again offered by Unit Linked Plan
Maturity Guarantee, offered by traditional endowment plan


Objectives of Investment Plans

To save we need to look at ULIP with a guaranteed return possibility
For corpus building, a traditional ULIP with no guarantee
For a retired person, an annuity plan

You may also like to read : 10 Best Investment Options in India

Benefits & Features of Investment Plans
The best investment plans or savings schemes offer more than one benefit to the consumers. Primarily, they offer:

Protection to loved ones
Goal based planning
Build fund reservoir
Tax Benefit under section 80C and 10(10D).
Options to obtain a loan in lieu of the same as a guarantee against non-payment

Protection to loved ones: Return on investments with coverage provides the dual benefit of life cover and returns. This means that in the event of anything unfortunate happening to the insured, their family will receive the sum for which they were insured in addition to the fund value either as a single or in the form of monthly/quarterly/half yearly payments. They help to secure the family needs and monetary goals if the insured party is unable to earn a living or in the unfortunate event of his demise.
Goal based planning: A goal based saving option is a great way for saving money for a goal – whether it is buying a house or a car, paying for children’s education costs, or planning for marriage or after you retire. The endowment funds offer a secure yet safe way to plan for retirement if you are not keen on riskier market linked ULIP plans. The ULIP plans offer alternative opportunities to invest and you can take a look at their historical profits to calculate your returns and corpus build up in a few years time. Also, the lock-in period of a good plan to invest and save that the funds stay untouched and builds up over the years to help you achieve your objectives.
Build fund reservoir: Plans with coverage cum investments with lock in period help to save money that can be used to fulfill a financial goal. Whether you want to buy your first house in seven years and/or save enough to buy a second home in the next five, your saving plan feature can help accomplish your aims.
Tax Benefits: The premiums paid under these plans qualify for deduction under section 80C of Tax Act up to applicable limits. This means that you are not taxed on the funds you invest in these options or best saving schemes and additionally the profit is reduced by the investing fund. The exemption, however, is limited to the total exemption limit under section 80C and cannot exceed that statutory limit. In addition, the payout received on maturity is exempted from levies under section 10(10D) of the Act.
Options to obtain a loan in lieu of the same as a guarantee against non-payment: Banking institutions take these plans as collateral for any loans given to the insured. These instruments act as security for the loan. Since the loan is in the form of a secured loan, the interest rate is generally lower and other terms and conditions more favorable as compared to unsecured loans.
Q & A on Investment Planning



What Personal Things to Check before Choosing Plans?


Goals: Your monetary goals should determine what type of scheme you should buy. These goals may include marriage, buying a house or a car, providing for children’s education and marriage or building a corpus amount. In fact, even small term goals like foreign trips can be financed by ULIPs. If you are just starting out in your career or have a small family, then you can definitely opt for a best saving scheme such as a ULIP to fund your short-term goals. On the other hand, if you are in your 40s or even 50s, then endowment plans are better as best saving schemes in combination with ULIPs or other options like mutual fund. Your monetary goals will help determine what options are best.
Current Expenses vs. Savings: In order to meet the financial goals the amount an investor spends or saves has a larger role to play. With fewer saving and more expenses, it is unlikely that you can define large short-term goals that can be met by coverage plans. In such a scenario, if you live at home with your parents and have no major outgo like rent, and you are likely to save money every month then it is best to buy an adequate life cover with return benefits and get their two-in-one benefit.
Future Expenses vs. Savings: The amount you save for future will also determine what kind of scheme works as the best for you. If you have fewer expenses now because the children are young, you can plan for the major expenses that will come your way in a few years like the children’s college education or marriage. Therefore, you can choose an option that charges premium for a few years and then pays out enough that it can itself pay for any premium from the annuity or other regular benefits. Moreover, you investing a higher amount would now mean that a good profit plan will grow to a larger capital base in 20-30 years time when you need it for your monetary goals or basic expenses. Planning your expenses is a good way to filter the ones to invest on.
Major Expenses that may arise: These schemes are a smart way to get the cover you need and also grow your fund at the same time through the best saving schemes. The major expenses like buying a house or to meet the living expenses after you retire can be easily covered by ULIPs and even endowments. Also, you can plan for the major expenses that are certain to occur and take them into account while determining the best saving scheme. E.g., suppose your child is in primary school, then you know that within 8-10 years you will have to bear major expenses for their education. As such, it makes sense to invest a small ULIP that ensures you can meet this definite expense in a few years time.
Insurance Cover – Existing vs. Required: The insurance cover of the best saving scheme should be adequate to take care of you or your family in case you are unable to work anymore or in the unfortunate event of you being no more. The cover provided by the product should be able to pay for your own or your family’s expenses in the years to come until your children can take care of you and your spouse in addition to themselves. To understand how much you need, make an estimate of your current and future expenses vis-a-vis what a scheme offers. If your cover is less than what is required, then opting for ULIPs or endowments as best saving schemes are a better way to ensure you increase your money while protecting yourself and your family at the same time.
Number of Dependents: The number of dependents should also determine the assured sum you need to invest in the best options. If you have only a wife and child as dependents then your needs would be lesser in comparison to when you may be taking care of your siblings, parents, parents-in-law, grandparents, nephews, nieces, etc. Your monetary insurance product should not only be able to cover for all the necessary expenses and also help you build a corpus for all your and your family’s major goals. Also, the age of the younger dependents matter while choosing the best saving scheme. If you have teenage children, then it is likely you need a good plan to save up for their college education or marriage. ULIPs are better for such cases than endowment plans.




Fund Planning before making investments?

To understand how much cover a person needs in a best saving scheme, he or she has to take stock of their existing expenses, compute to the extent possible the amount of future obligations that are likely to crop up and how much money they need to meet their living expenses. A key factor is also the age of dependents as this would determine how long before they can meet their own living expenses without having to depend on the payouts from the schemes.

Existing Debts: The existing loans that a person has are one of the primary things that one should consider while calculating the amount of life cover required in the best saving scheme. The existing loan may be a house loan or a personal loan, a car loan etc. It may also include loans that a person or his/her dependents may have to take in the future and their EMI payments. E.g., a child may have to take an education loan to cover for further studies or foreign studies. In such cases, an ideal financial portfolio should be adequate to cover for repayment of these loans for 2-3 or more years until the child lands a job and can repay the loan himself or herself.
Replacement of earnings: This is perhaps the most important aspect of applying for a best saving scheme in the first place. The payment from the best plan on the happening of an unforeseen or unfortunate event must be adequate to cover for the loss of income without any material change in one’s lifestyle. Suppose the sole breadwinner has a salary of Rs. 12 lakh per annum, then the plan should be able to cover for a substantial part, if not all of the income loss suffered by the family, if the insured is unable to work due to a partial or total disability or in the unfortunate event of his demise. Saving money also helps to build up a corpus that can yield interest income.
Existing and Future Expenses: A good product should be enough to cover any major expenses at present or in the near or distant future. So, larger expenses such marriage, retirement, continuing treatment of illnesses, etc. has to be accounted for in the calculations along with saving fund while arriving at the life cover required for the family. The expenses should be thought out with some rationality to select the best saving scheme. Considering medical expenses or hospital stay for the family does not make sense if there is already a Mediclaim plan covering all such expenses. However, the annual premiums on such options should be factored in while making the calculations.
Existing Cover: The existing cover should be discounted while calculating the cover required if it is an individual financial scheme. If it is the employer’s group policy, then the coverage under it can be considered. For more clarity, it is always better to ask the employer for the benefits under the group financial policy. Once the facts are clear, the individual can reduce the amount they are likely to receive under these policies from the new cover they need under the insurance products.
Income of Spouse or Other Members of Family: While calculating the coverage required, it makes sense to discount the income of the spouse or other members of the family. This will help provide a more realistic picture of the amount of coverage and returns required. If the spouse earns then the amount of cover should be able to take care of all the major expenses that are likely to occur and also take care of most of the expenses that are being met by the earnings of the insured. The rest of the expenses can be met from the income of the spouse.
Premium calculation: To plan your financial future better insurance service providers have developed various tools to aid individuals to calculate premiums and plan better for their future financial aims. A premium calculator helps to make a cost efficient decision and examine different plans that meet the basic requirement of the investors. The calculator helps the investor to use their fund in a more systematic manner in order to have a good portfolio.




What are the things you must compare before planning for investments?

There are different options to invest and not necessarily all of them can fulfill the basic objective of an investor to invest. To know more about this, it is always good to compare before you can purchase. When we are comparing we need to look at a few things:

Cover: The coverage that is offered is a good indication of which products are better as compared to the others. The better scheme will always offer the most comprehensive and yet practical coverage. Though most of the schemes offer similar options to save, some of them may offer increased cover if the ULIPs reach a certain milestone or may offer the same cover at a lower premium. Also, with the IRDA keeping a strict vigil on the insurance market, most insurance providers now focus on ULIPs as long-term products unlike before when they were mostly sold by unscrupulous agents as short-term options to invest. This means that companies now are more likely to offer better cover than before as the investors are buying the policy for the longer tenure instead of looking at it like a short-term plan.
Add-On Covers and Riders: A good financial product offers extra covers and riders at significant discounts. These add-on riders may include increased life cover for a smaller premium additions, cover for parents or larger number of family members, health cover, timely health checkups, and so on. These rider addons, though not always a feasible option, may offer the specific cover that a person may be seeking. For Instance, some riders may include personal accident cover, and child cover, among others. All of these are available at a discount as compared to what taking one of them as a single unit plan may come up to in terms of premiums. An investor can opt for the add-on covers or riders that suit their needs.
Flexibility to Change Cover: Some options allow the insured individual to increase or even decrease their cover during the policy tenure. This is essential as the cover needs vary according to your age and responsibilities. During your early years, the cover can be less but it has to increase as your expenditure and responsibilities grow with age. This is because the investing amount should be able to cover for any loss of income without the need to make any major changes to your lifestyle. A good plan will let you increase or decrease your cover according to your needs.
Insurance Premium: Though most of premiums of the assured amount are similar, extra fees and charges may affect the benefits on the investing funds. Endowments, as a rule, are costlier than ULIPs due to the guaranteed profits they offer. Some things to look out for include what part of the premium is used for investing. Some ULIPs may load more of their costs during their initial years while others may spread them over a few years. This means that the sum allocated to the ULIP is less in the initial years. This affects the returns as higher the initial investments, the higher the long-term benefits.
Option to Increase or Decrease Premium: A good plan will offer the option to increase or decrease your premium depending on your payment capabilities. Some may offer top up covers that let you increase your cover on payment of extra premiums. This is a good option to have as you may want to pay a higher premium to gain higher profits when you can and then reduce your premium when you have other responsibilities where you need to put your fund.
Returns: In most cases, the profits offered are a good way to understand which option is better. For one thing, there are two types, the market linked ULIPs whose benefits are dependent on the market and may offer higher profits, and the endowment options that offer sure profits but on the lower side. Another point to note is that the profits in endowment choices only come after a few years while in the case of ULIPs, the insured can make complete withdrawals once the lock in period has expired. A good way to understand which plan is better is to understand your requirements. If you prefer sure but safe profits, then endowment options are ideal. Alternatively, if you are comfortable with the higher risk for the higher profit, then the ULIPs are best for your needs.
Type of Payouts: Different savings options offer different types of returns. For instance, some may offer a single payment while others may offer an annuity while others may offer a bit of both. The choice of returns will depend on a few things – the goal for which the fund is put into the product is being made, the time for which the fund is invested will be made, the type of return desired, etc. In case, the scheme is being chosen for a specific goal such as child’s education or a dream house or retirement, then the type of profits desired will vary. For instance, in case of child plans it will be better to receive annuities over a few years that will cover graduate and post-graduate costs whether in India or abroad. For retirement, it is better to receive a single payment near retirement to cover any relocation or other costs and then receive monthly payouts that serve as regularized monthly returns. What option of payouts you choose will depend on your expectations of your needs.
Fund Options Available: ULIPs invest into funds that are linked to various units – whether trading on the market of otherwise. For instance, some ULIPs may offer near guaranteed profits that are on the lower side as compared to market-linked funds that offer riskier but higher returns. The lower near guaranteed ULIPs invest in non-risky debt securities and savings options and are thus able to protect your capital from market volatility. Most companies offer choice of fund that may sometimes depend on your age bracket. Some may offer a choice of debt and equity market fund with an equal proportion of your funds (50:50) invested in each type of fund units or slightly skewed in favor of debt or equity (say 70:30). Most experts suggest taking a higher exposure to fund market at a younger age and then slowly moving to debt as you age, so that by the time you retire all your money is in debt funds. Such a strategy works better as you are exposed to the market risks at a younger age when you can recover from any downswing, and this risk decreases with age as your responsibilities increase. Moreover, the corpus you have built up remains safe from the vagaries of the market. Consequently, the funds available are an important thing to check before making your choice.
Flexibility to Change: Insurance companies allow the insured party to change the amount of their funds for investing into the funds of their choice. This is especially good as the of savings increase over the years and investors have the option to considerably grow their asset base. The increase in the investing amount is generally accompanied by a corresponding increase in the life cover, though the increase in the cover may not be proportional as the focus is more on the growth of fund.
Alternative Investment and Insurance Options: An important thing to check and decide if you should invest in a good financial product. This works well if you already have some sort of cover gives coverage or a term plan. In such cases, investors can use their funds for investing into mutual funds, which even though they may not provide coverage, are likely to offer better returns. However, if you do not have a choice for investing into market and are looking for policies that gives returns and coverage then are the best options for you to put your money into. You can use an endowment schemes as a backup for definite profits and ULIPs for other goals such as a house, car, retirement, foreign travel and child’s education, among others.
Insurance Premium Payment Options: Most funds give you the option to make monthly, quarterly, half yearly or annual payments. In certain instances, the quarterly, half yearly or annual options make sense as the payment outgo may be less since the companies may offer a discount due to the lesser paperwork involved. However, the premium are generally high and as such only makes sense when you have enough funds to pay the premiums due. If you are starting out on your career or do not have the necessary schemes to make a single premium payment, then the monthly payments make better sense. There are products that have the option to change the periodicity of the premium payment for certain policies. You can begin with the monthly or quarterly payment options at the policy inception and then switch to the semi-annual or yearly payments in the later years.
Tax Benefits: The premiums of these policies are exempted under the Tax Act up to the prescribed limits. This means that when you make any premium payment for the policies you have, you can claim deduction of the amount thus advanced from your total earnings. For instance, suppose you are investing Rs. 50,000 annually in life coverage options from your annual income of Rs. 4 lakh. In this case, while calculating your income tax, you can deduct Rs. 50,000 under section 80C of the Indian Tax Act. Only the remaining amount, Rs. 3.5 lakh will be liable to taxation, provided there are no other exemptions available. The payout from these policies qualifies for exemption under section 10(10D) of the Income Tax Act.




Types of investments while planning for children?

The planning for children can be further sub-divided into two: the first for the children’s education and the second for their marriage. Both education and marriage are major expenses and need proper asset planning. Insurance investment options are ideal for these as they provide the child the necessary covers in addition to helping the parent prepare for the eventual expenses.

Investments Children’s Education: The meet the expenses to educate your child start taking gargantuan proportions after secondary education. From taking tuition classes to studying for competitive exams, all preparations for furthering their education and career prospects are expensive and need a good financial portfolio. In addition, college fees in private colleges and foreign universities are quite exorbitant and will only increase gradually. All these expenses cannot be met out of the monthly salary of the parents and need to be properly planned. These are ideal for such cases as they provide the necessary cover for the child and also help the parent build-up a corpus for major expenses. Some things to check out while choosing a plan for children’s educational expenses include:
Whether the payout is lump sum or regular: Timely payouts are better to pay the tuition and college fees while a single payment is best to meet major expenses that crop up at the beginning of college or a foreign education course. Some offer both options with a single payment when the child reaches a certain age like 18 or 21 years and customary payouts.
Whether the cover insures against children specific problems: Children have their own set of unique ailments and the better option will cover such contingencies. They will also provide reimbursement for illnesses and diseases that require hospital stays.
Possibility of Increasing or Decreasing Cover: Since the parents meet most of their children’s expenses, it makes sense to go for a good scheme to invest with higher return in the initial years and lesser cover. This will also help to build up a larger corpus in the later years.
Investments for Children’s Marriage: The individuals generally sketch the funds to invest in order to meet the expenses of children’s marriage with a good financial option. The best ones are those that give a payout at a certain age of the child such as 23 or 25 years. An early move in to the products that provide coverage when the child is young helps to build a large corpus of premium.




What are the best options while planning for Retirement?

The ideal move for retirement is to begin at a young age, this can help build up a considerable corpus by the time the investor/insured person retires. A good retirement option is one that provides a lump sum payout at the retirement age or just before, to meet the relocation expenses from the place where the person is working to his hometown, and regular payments thereafter that serve as monthly earnings for the individual. The insurance providers offer a range of annuity or periodic payout options that the persons can choose from based on their needs. The schemes chosen should depend on the age of the insured person.
Though equity-linked ULIPs offer the best returns, they are not ideal for people above a certain age due to their higher risk profile. People in their 20s or early 30s can opt for an option to invest with a focus on the equities but those in their 40s or 50s should gradually move away from equities and stick to conservative debt funds. An early move helps to build a significant corpus by the time the person retires. The best strategy is to begin early, have a stock market oriented investment in the 20s and early 30s and gradually move towards a debt-focused portfolio with age.
Some insurance providers provide the option to do this automatically with the person’s full awareness while others provide the insured individual to manage the allocation themselves through the plan. Most providers do not allow individuals beyond a certain age to opt for aggressive funds for the investing scheme and instead gives them a perfect blend of growth and capital preservation. Most retirement schemes offer the insured the option to make a single premium payment each year or opt for regularised payments. The choice between the two should depend on the convenience of the insured person, his ability to pay, and the discount provided in the lump sum amount. Insurance providers offer the option to change the periodicity of the premiums depending on the insured’s convenience. They also offer additional options to increase the policy amount, change the fund mix or increase the cover through top-ups or otherwise.



What is the Classification of Investment options?

The investments can be classified according to the type of schemes they provide, the duration in which the premium needs to be paid and the life stage of the investor/ insured person.

Guaranteed or Non-Guaranteed: The guaranteed insurance products offer lower but secure profits. These are an ideal if the investor is looking for safeguarding their assets and looking for stable growth of their money. Most of the guaranteed plans invest the insured party’s money in secure instruments that are definite to provide the necessary benefits. The non-guarantee insurance products offer better profits but do not promise definite profits as they are market linked. The funds that are put in can range from aggressive funds that invest in equity growth stocks and focus on capital appreciation to conservative funds that invest in debt, money-market instruments or bank deposits and focus on capital preservation.
Single Premium or Regular Premium: The single premium offers a lower premium as the paperwork and other administrative charges are less. However, from the insured’s perspective, these options make sense only if they can afford to pay the cost. Regular premiums are better for younger people who are just began with their careers and do not have much savings.
Life Stage or Non Life Stage: The life stage and non life stage options allocate assets according to the investor’s age. Those in their 20s or 30s are given adequate stock market exposure as they can better manage the risk. For people in their 40s or 50s, the fund allocation shifts to less-riskier stocks and instruments that provide stable and secure profits. The financial options for people in their 40s or 50s focus on gradual asset growth and conservation of the corpus already created.




 
FAQ's

No record found.




















Articles

5 Things You Should Know Before Buying an Endowment PlanBest Investment Plans to Save TaxesHow Your LIC Premiums Can Help You Save Income TaxA Review of LIC Bima Diamond – The New Money Back Plan from LICTop 5 Money Back Plans to Invest in 2016-17 




12345







Average Rating 4.7  / 5 (47 reviews)



view more


Write a Review 
 Investment Plans InsurersAviva Traditional PlansBajaj Allianz Traditional PlansBharti AXA Life Traditional PlansBirla Sun Life Traditional PlansCanara HSBC Traditional PlansDHFL Pramerica Traditional PlansEdelweiss Tokio Life Traditional PlansExide Life Traditional PlansFuture Generali Traditional PlansHDFC Life Traditional PlansICICI Prudential Traditional PlansIDBI Federal Traditional PlansIndiaFirst Traditional PlansKotak Life Traditional PlansLIC Traditional PlansLIC Traditional PlansLIC Traditional PlansLIC Traditional PlansMax Life Traditional PlansPNB MetLife Traditional PlansReliance Life Traditional PlansSahara Life Traditional PlansSBI Life Traditional PlansShriram Life Traditional PlansStar Union Traditional PlansTata AIA Traditional Plans



Compare Investment Plans & Save upto 50%




Invest (per year)






Age






Term

--select term--
5 years
10 years
15 years
20 years
25 years
30 years






Annual income

Upto 3 lacs
3 lac - 5 lacs
5 lac - 7 lacs
7 lac - 10 lacs
10 lac - 15 lacs
15 lac +






← Go back to previous


Name

Mr.
Ms.







Email






City







Mobile

+91































 News

News


Taxpayers will get income tax refunds in less than 15 daysFuture generali india introduces assured money back planFuture generali india life insurance launches assured income planNo escape from tax on insurance income Chidambaram asks psu non-life insurers to maintain & improve market share 


Customer Questions


 









Add Your Family Members







Self


Age18 Years19 Years20 Years21 Years22 Years23 Years24 Years25 Years26 Years27 Years28 Years29 Years30 Years31 Years32 Years33 Years34 Years35 Years36 Years37 Years38 Years39 Years40 Years41 Years42 Years43 Years44 Years45 Years46 Years47 Years48 Years49 Years50 Years51 Years52 Years53 Years54 Years55 Years56 Years57 Years58 Years59 Years60 Years61 Years62 Years63 Years64 Years65 Years66 Years67 Years68 Years69 Years70 Years71 Years72 Years73 Years74 Years75 Years76 Years77 Years78 Years79 Years80 Years81 Years82 Years83 Years84 Years85 Years86 Years87 Years88 Years89 Years90 Years91 Years92 Years93 Years94 Years95 Years96 Years97 Years98 Years99 Years100 Years 





Spouse


Age18 Years19 Years20 Years21 Years22 Years23 Years24 Years25 Years26 Years27 Years28 Years29 Years30 Years31 Years32 Years33 Years34 Years35 Years36 Years37 Years38 Years39 Years40 Years41 Years42 Years43 Years44 Years45 Years46 Years47 Years48 Years49 Years50 Years51 Years52 Years53 Years54 Years55 Years56 Years57 Years58 Years59 Years60 Years61 Years62 Years63 Years64 Years65 Years66 Years67 Years68 Years69 Years70 Years71 Years72 Years73 Years74 Years75 Years76 Years77 Years78 Years79 Years80 Years81 Years82 Years83 Years84 Years85 Years86 Years87 Years88 Years89 Years90 Years91 Years92 Years93 Years94 Years95 Years96 Years97 Years98 Years99 Years100 Years 




Son
Daughter



Add More Members
Father
Mother
Father-In-Law
Mother-In-Law
Grand Father
Grand Mother



Cancel
Done









What our clients say
			



                        I would like to thank the website 'www.policybazaar.com' because of which i could get a good policy.						


Rashmi Sirsath



                        I applied for a health insurance via policybazaar. I received up-to-dates from time to time and a proper response for my enquiries. Good service. Thanks						


Nikitha Reddy



                        Got good deal without agent calling or speaking to anyone!!						


Sonia Khanna



                        I'm thankful to you for nicely explaining the products I was considering. Normally so much details are not made to understand. I recommend this to anyone who wishes to purchase an insurance plan.						


R.K. Gupta



                        Thank you for facilitating and following up on the policy. Its been a very pleasurable experience with you folks at PolicyBazaar.						


Ananth Narayan



                        Thanking you very much for your support for getting our policy quickly, I would appreciate your work.						


Prabhat Yadav



                        Very professional approach with courteus communication. I came on the site without any prior knowledge of Investment products. The site is easy to comprehend and advisors are equally knowledgable						


Xavier Prince



                        I did not even need help from an agent! This is very good!						


Urvashi Solanki



                        Thanks for the oneroof platform for all the required insurance.						


sasanka sekhar panigrahi



                        Policy Bazaar is very much useful to convince ourselves that we are optimising policy premium by comparison.						


JAGDSIH SHAH



                        I know that I have purchased what suits me. Such explanation and clear step by step guidance leaves no point for confusion. Thanks for creating this website named PolicyBazaar.						


Piyush Gautam



                        The services provided by policy bazaar are extremely helpful in making the right choice. Overall I had a good experience with Policybazaar.						


Parag Lele



                        Thanks for correction done in time and really Appreciated....!!     GOOD TO HAVE POLICY BAZAAR..!! LIFE IS EASY WITH YOU..!!						


Bhaaskar B Lokhande



                        You are doing a great job. Proud to be a customer of Policybazaar.						


Neha Jain










Our partners



aegonlife
apollo
Aviva
Bajaj
baxa
cigna
edelweisstokio
exidelife
HDFC-ERGO
hdfcstandard
indiafirst
idbi
iffco
indiafirst
Kotak
liberty
lic
L&T
metlife
Max-Bupa
maxlife
Reliance
religare
royal
sahara
sbilife
star-health
Future Generali
oriental
universal Sompo 

national
relianceGeneral


‹
›








You May Also Know About :
Investment Plans Articles 







Our Investors :



















CIN: U74900HR2014PTC053454 Policybazaar Insurance Web Aggregator Private Limited, Registered Office no. - Plot No.119, Sector - 44, Gurgaon, Haryana - 122001
        IRDAI Web aggregator License No. 06 License Code No. IRDAI/WBA21/15 Valid till 13/07/2018
Insurance is the subject matter of solicitation. Visitors are hereby informed that their information submitted on the website may be shared with insurers.
	 Product information is authentic and solely based on the information received from the Insurer &COPY; Copyright 2008-2017 policybazaar.com. All Rights Reserved.	        
    















1










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Subscribe to notifications


                                  Manage Site Notification
                          

                                  notification come here
                          












 About ARM Pensions - ARM Pensions 











































 

























    

























No menu assigned!










 





Tomorrow is looking good










  


MenuWho we areCore ValuesProfileThe BoardManagement



  


  




Who we are
ARM Pension Managers (PFA) Ltd is one of the first seven Pension Fund Administrators (PFA) granted license by the National Pension Commission in December 2005. It is part of the Asset & Resource Management Company Limited (ARM) Group, one of Nigeria’s most prominent and respected financial service brands. We have pre-eminent reputation in Investment Management, Research and Pension Fund Management.








  


  


 
Vision Statement
“To be the fastest growing, most efficient and customer-friendly PFA in Nigeria, consistently delivering value to our customers”
 




 
Mission statement
“To provide a better future for our customers by offering superior service and value, and upholding high standards of professionalism”
 






  


  




Core Values





  




https://www.armpension.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_anchor.svg Ambition




We are driven by a vision of the future – How things could be. It inspires us, and keeps us focused on what really counts – working together to transform goals into reality.








https://www.armpension.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_paperplane.svg Proximity




Our success rests on two inter-dependent factors – proximity to our clients and the marketplace – and close understanding of their needs, aspirations and the challenges of fulfilling both.








https://www.armpension.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_helm.svg Impact




Our value is measured by the degree to which we bring about positive change. Making a material difference to those who believe in us – our clients, our shareholders, our business partners, our staff.








https://www.armpension.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/ecommerce_diamond.svg Truth




Honesty, trust and integrity are at the heart of everything we say and do. We keep our promises. difference to those who believe in us – our clients, our shareholders, our








  




Profile
ARM Pensions is a subsidiary of Asset & Resource Management Company Ltd (ARM) – a leading, reputable investment management firm with a very successful track record of protecting and growing investments for private investors and institutions for over two decades.
At ARM Pensions, we appreciate the desire of every employee to maintain a comfortable standard of living after their active working life. Therefore, we have built our core tenets around the preservation of, and superior returns on, pension assets and investments, as well as prompt and efficient benefit administration. This also reflects our overall investment philosophy, which is aimed at delivering consistent long-term growth through value investing and rigorous risk management.
ARM Pension has an authorized and fully paid up share capital of N 1.2 Billion, which far exceeds the N1 Billion minimum share capital for Pension Fund Administrators stipulated by the National Pension Commission.
Our shareholders include
Founded in 1994, Asset & Resource Management Company (ARM) Ltd is a fast-growing, leading Nigerian diversified financial services firm with primary interest in traditional asset management, and specialised funds across major sectors. ARM is Nigeria’s largest and most reputable non-bank financial services provider.
African Reinsurance Corporation, a Pan-African reinsurance company owned by the African Development Bank (ADB), International Finance Corporation (IFC) and a number of insurance and re-insurance companies across the African continent.
ARM Pension Managers Staff Investment Trust – An investment trust constituted for the benefit of staff to ensure that we attract and retain some of the best talents in the industry..
Helios Investment Partners – an Africa-focused private investment firm. Helios operates a family of funds and their related co-investment entities. Limited partners in Helios’ funds include several leading global investment funds, corporate entities, family offices, high net-worth individuals and development finance institutions.
By virtue of our business combination with First Alliance Pension & Benefit Limited, we also have individual shareholders made up of Nigerians with proven track record in their various business areas





  




The Board





  


Emmanuel Ikazoboh - Chairman
  









Mr. Emmanuel Ikazoboh was appointed Chairman of ARM Pension Managers in May 2014 after several years on the board as an Independent Director. Emmanuel Ikazaboh holds a degree in Accountancy and Finance from Yaba College of Technology, an MBA in financial management from Manchester University Business School, UK. He attended leadership and senior management courses with Deloitte, was one of the CEOs seconded to Kellogg Senior Management School at the Northwestern University Chicago, USA. He is also a fellow of the Chartered Association of Certified Accountants (FCCA), Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) and the Nigerian Institute of Taxation. He has over 25 years’ experience in public accounting and financial management and several years’ work experience in public accounting and financial management and project management. Currently, he is the Chairman/CEO, Hedonmark Management Services Ltd., a management consulting, business process outsourcing and contract employee management firm. Mr. Ikazoboh has built an impressive record through a variety of leadership roles. He was formerly the Managing Partner/CEO of Deloitte West & Central Africa, until 2009. Prior to that, he was the Managing Partner for Francophone offices in Cote d’Ivoire and Cameroon. He joined Akintola Williams Deloitte as a senior audit assistant in 1975 and worked his way up to partner and senior partner. He was one time the interim administrator of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) and now serves as Deputy to the Interim President at The Nigerian Stock Exchange. He has a wealth of experience in auditing and financial advisory services.




Wale Odutola – Managing Director
  









Wale Odutola is currently the Managing Director of ARM Pension Managers. He is a seasoned Portfolio Manager, with extensive experience in research and managing global portfolios – equities and fixed income. Prior to this appointment he had served as the Managing Director of ARM Securities, ARM Properties Plc., as well as ARM Hospitality and Retail Fund where he was responsible for significant improvements in the businesses operating performance. Wale has very strong finance and leadership skills and has led several transformational initiatives across research, investment management, securities trading and real estate within the ARM Group. Wale has a B.Sc. Accounting degree from the University of Lagos and is an Alumnus of the Harvard Business School with over 18 years experience in the financial sector.




Sadiq Mohammed - Non-Executive Director
  









Sadiq Mohammed is currently a Deputy Group CEO of ARM and prior to that was the Managing Director of ARM Pension Managers (PFA) Limited between 2011 and 2014. Previously, at different points he served as the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of ARM Group and the Managing Director in charge of ARM’s Proprietary business, overseeing the development of notable projects such as the Lekki Road Project (LCC), etc. He was at Arthur Andersen Nigeria (now KPMG Professional Services) before joining ARM in 1996. Sadiq is an Industrial Chemistry graduate from Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University, and a Fellow of the Global Association of Risk Professionals (GARP) having earned GARP’s Financial Risk Manager (FRM) charter. He earned a dual Executive MBA from Carnegie-Mellon University & University of Geneva and is also an alumnus of Harvard Business School’s Advanced Management Program (AMP). Sadiq serves on the boards of ARM Group of companies, FMDQ Plc., Four Points Hotel Lagos and the Moorhouse Hotel. Over the last few years, Sadiq had served as Chairman of the Pension Operators (PenOp) Technical Committee for 2 terms and had previously served on different occasions as the Chairman of the Investment Management Subcommittee of the Capital Markets Committee and as a member of the FGN Committee on Infrastructure as well as the FGN Committee on drafting a Code of Conduct for Capital Market Regulators.




Aliyu Yar’adua - Non-Executive Director
  









Mr. Yar’adua joined the board of ARM Pensions Managers on 8th October, 2010. He is an experienced banker with seventeen years industry experience, ranging from marketing, customer service, operations, credit analysis, credit administration, to investment and treasury management, and corporate planning activities that include budget control and audit inspection.He has led marketing teams in Habib Nigeria Bank Plc, and First Alliance Pension and Benefits, where he was Executive Director, also supervising Human Resources and Business Development before the business combination with ARM Pension Managers.He is currently Executive Director, Finance and Admin with Max Air Limited.Mr. Yar’adua holds a a B.Sc. Accounting, and two Masters in Business Administration, and International Affairs & Diplomacy, all from the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria.




Daniel Akujobi - Non-Executive Director
  









Mr. Akujobi was appointed to the board of ARM Pensions Managers on 8th October, 2010. He has twenty nine years of diversified, hands-on operational and executive management experience in policy making, strategy formulation and implementation at Departmental, Divisional and Board levels across a number of multinational and local corporations. Organizations he has served include; ACB (International) Bank Plc., Diamond Bank Plc., Allied Bank of Nigeria Plc., AfriBank Nigeria Plc., Akintola Williams & Co.; as well as Dasot Capital Partners Limited, where he currently functions as Managing Partner. Mr. Akujobi served as a Director on the board of the former First Alliance Pension and Benefits Limited before the business combination with ARM Pension Managers. His business competencies include business process review and corporate restructuring, risk management, strategic and financial analysis and planning, and human resource management and administration. He is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants, Nigeria, and member Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK), and Chartered Institute of Taxation (Nigeria). He is also a registered Financial Adviser/Capital Market Operator in Nigeria. Mr. Akujobi holds a B.Sc. from the University of Lagos, Akoka, and an AMP from the Wharton Business School, University of Pennsylvania.




Jumoke Ogundare - Non-Executive Director
  









Jumoke was appointed Chief Executive of Asset & Resource Management Company Ltd ARM, the holding company of the ARM Group in July 2015. Between 2011 and 2015, she was Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Firm. Prior to that she was the Managing Director, ARM Asset Management Non Pension, where she was actively involved in building the asset management business to become one of the leading asset management firms in Nigeria with several billions of Naira under management.
She has more than 25 years experience in credit & marketing spanning International Merchant Bank (IMB), Prime Merchant Bank Limited and Citadel Savings and Loans.
Jumoke holds a B Sc. in Economics from the University of Jos and a Masters in Business Administration degree from Cardiff Business School in Wales. She is also an alumnus of the Program for Management Development (PMD) of the Harvard Business School.




Kamar Bakrin - Non-Executive Director
  









Mr Bakrin has 17 years of relevant professional experience. Prior to joining Helios in December 2013, Mr Bakrin spent two years as Group Executive of the Honeywell Group, one of Nigeria’s leading indigenous conglomerates, where he was focused on developing the group’s cement and oil & gas businesses. Before joining Honeywell, he founded and acted as CEO of Vios Principals, an advisory firm focused on investing in, and transforming, Africa-focused enterprises. Mr Bakrin previously gained six years’ experience at Ocean & Oil Holdings / Oanda PLC, where he was most recently CEO of Oando Energy Services with responsibilities spanning group strategy, investments and strengthening the group’s portfolio companies’ capabilities. Before his appointment as CEO, he served as the COO of Oando Marketing and prior to that, as the Executive Vice President / Head of Corporate Development of Ocean & Oil Holdings, during which time he led the post-merger integration of two publicly listed companies, Unipetrol and Agip, which represented the largest merger in the Nigerian history. Prior to this, he gained experience with the Boston Consulting Group, Colgate Palmolive and Arthur Anderson (now KPMG). Mr Bakrin holds a BA Agric. from the University of Ilorin, Nigeria and an MBA from the Columbia Business School. He is a fellow of Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) and member of the Institute of Directors, Nigeria (IoD). Mr Bakrin is fluent in Hausa and Yoruba, widely spoken West African languages.




Souleymane Ba - Non-Executive Director
  








Mr Ba has nine years of relevant professional experience. Prior to joining Helios in August 2012, Mr Ba worked at Warburg Pincus, a New York based PE firm where he was focused on leveraged buyouts, growth equity and venture investments in the industrial and consumer sectors. Before joining Warburg Pincus, he worked as an associate for the Carlyle Group, a PE firm based in Washington DC. Mr Ba started his career with Morgan Stanley as an Investment Banking Analyst in the Basic Materials Group. He has a BA degree in Economics from Wesleyan University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He is a Senegalese national and speaks French and Wolof.




Layi Afolabi - Executive Director
  









Mr. Layi Afolabi was appointed to the Board of ARM Pension Managers (PFA) Limited on the 1st of March, 2012 as Executive Director – Operations with responsibility for the following departments; Financial Control, Benefit Administration, Fund Accounting, Contribution Processing/Reconciliation and Information & Communications Technology (ICT).Prior to this appointment, Mr. Afolabi was the Head of Department of Finance in ARM Pension Managers having joined as a Pioneer staff in October 2005. He holds a B Sc. in Accounting from the University of Lagos and he is also an Associate of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria as well as an Associate of the Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria. Mr. Afolabi started his accounting career with the firm of Deloitte, Adetona Isichei & Co (Chartered Accountants) and has over 20 years professional working experience spanning banking and non-banking financial institutions. Layi is an alumnus of the prestigious Lagos Business School where he completed his Senior Management Programme (SMP16) in 2003. He also completed his Programme for Executive Development at IMD Business School, Switzerland (Foundation for Business Leadership & Transition to Business Leadership) in 2014.








  




Management Team





  


Abisola Onigbogi - Head, Business Development
  









He has several years’ experience in Corporate Banking and Product/Process Development spanning Continental Trust Bank, Access Bank and Bank PHB. He was a pioneer staff of the Access Bank Plc Financial Institutions Group and was able to replicate the same upon resumption at Bank PHB.He joined ARM in April 2010 and is currently the Head of Business Development.He has a B.Sc Degree in Computer Science from the University of Lagos, and has attended several courses including the 6 – Month LBS Senior Management Program and the INSEAD Transition to General Management Program.





Ade Ojedokun - Head of Information Technology
  









Ade has over 15 years commercial experience in the IT Industry both in Nigeria and in the United Kingdom. A PRINCE2 certified Project Manager as well as a Microsoft Certified Business Management Solutions Specialist. Ade has a B.Sc. (Honours) Surveying from the University of Lagos and a Post Graduate Diploma in Information Systems Design from the University of Westminster UK. He recently completed a 6–Month LBS Senior Management Program and the Transition to General Management Program at INSEAD, France.




Corona Sonuga-Oye - Compliance Officer
  















Corona has experience spanning private legal practice with the firm of Olayide Adigun & Co, Churchgate as Company Secretary/Legal Adviser. Having spent many years in a conglomerate with diverse business interest, she is very conversant with regulatory and compliance issues within the Nigerian business environment. She joined ARM Pension Managers in June, 2006. She holds an LLB and LLM degrees from the University of Lagos.










Niyi Odewale - Head of Risk Management
  















Niyi has experience in Risk Management, Assurance Services (Internal and External), Internal Control & Financial Control from Dekit Construction Ltd, Pacific Bank Ltd, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Standard Chartered Bank Ltd and UBA Plc. Prior to joining ARM Pension Managers, he was a Vice President in the Risk Management Functions of FBN Merchant Bank Ltd and FBN Capital Ltd (both FBN Holdings Subsidiaries). He has actively supported the implementation of Risk Management frameworks along his career in Asset Management, Investment Banking, Commercial Banking and Consulting. He holds a B.Sc. in Accounting from the University of Ilorin (Chevron Scholar), an Associate of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria(ICAN), a Professional Member of the Institute of Operational Risk(IOR) and an Executive Education in Financial Risk Management from the London School of Economics and Political Science(LSE).










Segun Awode - Head of Internal Audit
  















Segun started his audit career in Pannell Kerr Forster (PKF) International (Chartered Accountants) and later moved into the financial services sector He worked with First Atlantic Bank (now FCMB), Lead Bank and Access Bank as Resident Control Officer, Audit and Inspection Officer and Internal Auditor pioneering the functions. He joined ARM Pension Managers in 2006 and set-up the Internal Audit Dept which he currently heads. Segun was the best student from Ogun State University (now Olabisi Onabanjo University) in both the College of Agricultural Sciences and Department of Agricultural Economics and Farm Management. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria and an Associate of Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers, as well as a Member of Chartered Management Institute (UK). He holds an MBA degree from University of Liverpool and is an alumnus of Harvard Business School Publishing and New York Institute of Finance.










Tope Ibikunle - Head, Financial Control
  















Tope started his accounting career with Cathedral Church of Christ in 2001 and moved to Denham Management Limited (now Denham Chapel Hill) in 2003 from where he joined ARM Pension in 2006. He holds an HND from the Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro and is an associate member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) and an associate member of the Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers of Nigeria (CIS). He completed his MBA in Lagos State University in 2012.














  
















 Make tomorrow better today. Choose ARM Pensions! 
Enrol Now 







SERVICE CENTRE Open a Retirement Savings Account
Download Forms
Make Additional Voluntary Contributions
ARM Pensions Client Survey
Feedback Form

 


USEFUL LINKS ARM
National Pension Commission
Pension Fund Operators Association of Nigeria
WhistleBlowing





MEDIA CENTRE Frequently Asked Questions
Monthly Digest and Newsletters
Pension Reform Act 2014
Regulations and Financial Reports
Notice on Pension Reform Act 2014





 NEWS 

Steer Clear of Bad Debts …live within your means
July 6, 2017


ARM Pensions Hosts First Edition Of ARM Engage
June 23, 2017










Copyright © 2017 ARM Pensions. All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy A member of Asset & Resource Management Company (ARM) Ltd. 



          










Home
Who we are

About ARM Pensions
Careers


Pension Funds

Retirement Savings Account
Additional Voluntary Contribution
Remitting Pension Contributions
Benefits Payment
Fund Structure
Fees


Our Resources

Download Forms
Regulations and Financial Reports
Fund Manager Report
Daily Unit Prices
Retirement Benefits Calculator
SMS Enquiry Service
ARM Engage Mobile App


Media

Vantage Newsletter
Picture Gallery
Videos
Updates


Contact

Drop a Message
Branch Locator
Mobile Office
FAQ


Client Login
Employer Login




 








Follow us and Join the conversation!

Learn and share!  Follow us for updates so you won't miss a thing!
Follow @armengage


ARM

I'm done >>
 


{"cookieName":"wBounce","isAggressive":false,"isSitewide":true,"hesitation":"","openAnimation":false,"exitAnimation":false,"timer":"","sensitivity":"","cookieExpire":"","cookieDomain":"","autoFire":"60000","isAnalyticsEnabled":true}







	Sanlam UK - Investment & Wealth Management Company





















  >
    



























 


 























                      We take the time to get to know you and understand your specific goals and ambitions
                  






We take the time to get to know you and understand your specific goals and ambitions



We take the time to get to know you and understand your specific goals and ambitions









Welcome to Sanlam UK
We’re part of Sanlam Limited, the global financial services group that has been helping clients achieve their financial objectives for generations. 
 
We offer wealth planning and investment management services to private clients; we deliver employee benefits and auto-enrolment programmes to companies and we provide investment and wealth management solutions to the professional advice community.



















Call Sanlam


Email Sanlam


Please feel free to get in touch






This is a required field







This is a required field







This is a required field
Please enter a valid email address






What is your query?

Please enter 500 characters or less






Leave this blank














 
 











Private Clients
Whether you are buying a home, saving for school fees or planning your retirement, we have a range of products and services that will help you achieve your financial goals
More







Financial Advisers
We work closely with financial advisers, providing products and services that deliver peace of mind for you and your clients
More







Funds
We offer a range of fund solutions to meet your investment requirements
More




 





Sanlam around the world
The Sanlam Group has a direct presence in 11 African countries, India, Malaysia and with niche businesses in certain developed markets. We have the largest Pan African footprint of insurance groups based on number of countries and contribution to the overall consolidated Group.






Sanlam around the world
The Sanlam Group has a direct presence in 11 African countries, India, Malaysia and with niche businesses in certain developed markets. We have the largest Pan African footprint of insurance groups based on number of countries and contribution to the overall consolidated Group.


South Africa
Sanlam is the second-largest insurance group in South Africa, providing integrated solutions in all aspects of insurance and related financial services through an extensive distribution network.
www.sanlam.co.za


Africa
We have a presence in 10 countries on the continent – Botswana, Namibia, Malawi, Kenya, Tanzania, Zambia, Ghana, Nigeria, Uganda and Swaziland.


India
Our partner in India, the Shriram Group, is a leading financial services group in India and one of the country's most respected brands.
www.shriramcapital.com


Malaysia
Sanlam has partnered with a leading niche short-term insurer in Malaysia – our first venture in the South East Asia region.
www.pacific-orient.com


United Kingdom
Sanlam UK has holdings in several companies involved in financial services. Our vision is to be a leader in wealth management in the UK.
www.sanlam.co.ukwww.spi.sanlam.co.uk


Switzerland
Sanlam Private Wealth has a majority stake in Summit Trust International, a fiduciary and tax business servicing the needs of high net worth individuals around the world.
www.summittrustgroup.com


United States
Sanlam Investments has partnered with Centre Asset Management to provide investment and risk management products to individual and institutional clients in the US.
www.centreasset.com


Australia
Sanlam Private Wealth has a stake in Calibre Investments, which delivers investment solutions to both private investors and corporate clients.
www.calibreinvest.com.au


Botswana
Sanlam has a 54% stake in Botswana Insurance Holdings Ltd (BIHL) – the 4rth largest listed company on the Botswana Stock Exchange. Operations include life insurance, short-term insurance, investment management, and credit services through Letshego Holdings.
www.bihl.co.bw


Ghana
Holding 19% of the market, Enterprise Life Assurance Company (ELAC) is Ghana's most decorated and awarded life insurance company. Sanlam has a 49% stake in ELAC.
www.enterprisegroup.net.gh


Kenya
Sanlam offers corporate and individual insurance products via Pan Africa Life, investment management via Pan Africa Insurance Holdings (PAIH) and credit services through Letshego Holdings.
www.pan-africa.com


Malawi
NICO Holdings, of which Sanlam is a shareholder, is a leading financial services organisation in Malawi. NICO Holdings has interests in life insurance, general insurance, investment management, and credit and banking.
www.nicomw.com


Mozambique
Sanlam owns a stake in NICO Mozambique Vida (a subsidiary of NICO Holdings Limited). The company is focused on selling individual life products and also provides pension funds management.
www.nicovida.co.mz


Namibia
A wholly independent Namibian financial services institution, Sanlam Namibia offers life and investment products to individuals and groups. Investment management is offered through SIM Namibia, in which Sanlam holds an 86% stake. Credit services are offered through Letshego Holdings.
www.sanlam.com.na


Nigeria
A wide range of life and investments products are provided via FBN Life Assurance in Nigeria in which Sanlam holds 35%.
www.fbninsurance.com


Swaziland
Sanlam Investment Management Swaziland is a subsidiary of Sanlam Investment Management and offers a broad range of portfolios for institutional investors such as corporate entities, retirement funds, long-term and short-term insurers, medical schemes and individual investors.


Tanzania
Sanlam holds a 64% stake in African Life Assurance, the leading life insurer in Tanzania. It also owns 41% of NICO Tanzania, which offers short-term and general insurance products. Credit services are offered through Letshego Holdings.
www.nikoinsurance.co.tz


Uganda
Sanlam Life Insurance Uganda is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanlam providing individual and group life products, and medical insurance. Sanlam owns 61% of NIKO Uganda, which offers short-term and general insurance products. Credit services are offered through Letshego Holdings.
www.sanlam.co.ug


Zambia
Sanlam has a 70% stake in African Life Assuarance, which is the leading life insurer in Zambia. Sanlam also owns 62% of Nico Zambia which offers short-term and general insurance products. Credit services are offered through Letshego Holdings.
www.african-life.com.zm













Before we get started...
Investment Warning: Your Capital is at Risk
However you invest your money, there’ll always be an element of risk connected with it; whether that’s erosion in real terms against inflation or loss of value as a result of a change in the markets.

Depending on the nature and spread of your investments you should always be prepared to accept the associated degree of risk and volatility. For instance, you should be aware and accept that the greater potential your investment strategy has for growth, the greater potential also for falls in the value of your holdings. Your capital is at risk and you may lose all of your money. It is important that your Wealth Planner properly assesses your appetite for risk and capacity for financial loss with you so that together you can build an appropriate risk strategy; one that is suited specifically to your needs.








 






Investing involves risk and the value of investments and the income from them may fall as well as rise and are not guaranteed. Investors may not get back the original amount invested.


 
 




















X


				We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience.
				If you continue to use our website we will assume that you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website.
				See our Privacy and Cookie Policy for more information on cookies and how to manage them.
			

Continue 
More Information






























Pension Plan



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Fed Expected to Leave Rates Unchanged; Balance Sheet in Focus




Twitter No Longer at 'Death's Door' as Earnings Report Approaches


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Tender Offer
An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Pension Plan









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What is a 'Pension Plan'
A pension plan is a retirement plan that requires an employer to make contributions into a pool of funds set aside for a worker's future benefit. The pool of funds is invested on the employee's behalf, and the earnings on the investments generate income to the worker upon retirement.
In addition to an employer's required contributions, some pension plans have a voluntary investment component. A pension plan may allow a worker to contribute part of his current income from wages into an investment plan to help fund retirement. The employer may also match a portion of the worker’s annual contributions, up to a specific percentage or dollar amount.
 

BREAKING DOWN 'Pension Plan'
There are two main types of pension plans.
In a defined-benefit plan, the employer guarantees that the employee receives a definite amount of benefit upon retirement, regardless of the performance of the underlying investment pool. The employer is liable for a specific flow of pension payments to the retiree (the dollar amount is determined by a formula, usually based on earnings and years of service), and if the assets in the pension plan are not sufficient to pay the benefits, the company is liable for the remainder of the payment. American employer-sponsored pension plans date from the 1870s, and at their height, in the 1980s, they covered nearly half of all private sector workers. About 90% of public employees, and roughly 10% of private employees, in the U.S are covered by a defined-benefit plan today.
In a defined-contribution plan, the employer makes specific plan contributions for the worker, usually matching to varying degrees the contributions made by the employees. The final benefit received by the employee depends on the plan's investment performance: The company’s liability to pay a specific benefit ends when the contributions are made. Because this is much less expensive than the traditional pension, when the company is on the hook for whatever the fund can't generate, a growing number of private companies are moving to this type of plan and ending defined-benefit plans. The best-known defined-contribution plan is the 401(k), and its equivalent for non-profits' workers, the 403(b).
In common parlance, "pension plan" often means the more traditional defined-benefit plan, with a set payout, funded and controlled entirely by the employer.
Some companies offer both types of plans. They even allow employees to roll over 401(k) balances into their defined-benefit plans.
There is another variation, the pay-as-you-go pension plan. Set up by the employer, these tend to be wholly funded by the employee, who can opt for salary deductions or lump sum contributions (which are generally not permitted on 401(k) plans). Otherwise, they similarly to 401(k) plans, except that they usually offer no company match. 
Factoring in ERISA
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) is a Federal law designed to protect the retirement assets of investors, and the law specifically provides guidelines that retirement plan fiduciaries must follow to protect the assets of private sector employees.
Companies that provide retirement plans are referred to as plan sponsors (fiduciaries), and ERISA requires each company to provide a specific level of plan information to employees who are eligible. Plan sponsors provide details on investment options and the dollar amount of worker contributions that are matched by the company, if applicable. Employees also need to understand vesting, which refers to the dollar amount of the pension assets that are owned by the worker; vesting is based on the number of years of service and other factors.
Vesting
Enrollment in a defined-benefit plan is usually automatic within one year of employment, although vesting can either be immediate or spread out over seven years. Limited benefits are provided, and leaving a company before retirement may result in losing some or all of an employee’s pension benefits.
With defined-contribution plans, your individual contributions are 100% vested as soon as they reach your account. But if your employer matches those contributions or gives you company stock as part of your benefits package, it may set up a schedule under which a certain percentage is handed over to you each year until you are "fully vested." Just because retirement contributions are fully vested doesn’t mean you’re allowed to make withdrawals, however.
 
Are Pension Plans Taxable?
Most employer-sponsored pension plans are qualified, meaning they meet Internal Revenue Code and Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) requirements. That gives them their tax-advantaged status. Employers get a tax break on the contributions they make to the plan for their employees. So do employees: Contributions they make to the plan come "off the top" of their paychecks – that is, are taken out of their gross income. That effectively reduces their taxable income, and, in turn, the amount they owe the IRS come April 15. Funds placed in a retirement account then grow at a tax-deferred rate, meaning no tax is due on them as long as they remain in the account. Both types of plans allow the worker to defer tax on the retirement plan’s earnings until withdrawals begin, and this tax treatment allows the employee to reinvest dividend income, interest income and capital gains, which generates a much higher rate of return before retirement.
Upon retirement, when you start receiving funds from a qualified pension plan, you may have to pay federal and state income taxes.
If you have no investment in the plan because you have not contributed anything or are considered to not have contributed anything, your employer did not withhold contributions from your salary or you have received all of your contributions (investments in the contract) tax free in previous years, your pension is fully taxable.
If you contributed money after tax was paid, your pension or annuity is only partially taxable. You don't owe tax on the part of the payment you made that represents the return of the after-tax amount you put into the plan. Partially taxable qualified pensions are taxed under the Simplified Method.
Can Companies Change Their Pension Plans?
Some companies are keeping their traditional defined-benefit plans, but are freezing their benefits, meaning that after a certain point, workers will no longer accrue greater payments, no matter how long they work for the company or how large their salary grows.
 
When a pension plan provider decides to implement or modify the plan, the covered employees almost always receive a credit for any qualifying work performed prior to the change. The extent to which past work is covered varies from plan to plan. When applied in this way, the plan provider must cover this cost retroactively for each employee in a fair and equal way over the course of his or her remaining service years.
What is a Pension Fund?
When a defined-benefit plan is made up of pooled contributions from employers, unions or other organizations, it is commonly referred to as a pension fund. Run by a financial intermediary and managed by professional fund managers on behalf of a company and its employees, pension funds control relatively large amounts of capital and represent the largest institutional investors in many nations; their actions can dominate the stock markets in which they are invested.  Pension funds are typically exempt from capital gains tax. Earnings on their investment portfolios are tax deferred or tax exempt.
Advantages and Disadvantages of a Pension Fund
A pension fund provides a fixed, preset benefit for employees upon retirement, helping workers plan their future spending. The employer makes the most contributions and cannot retroactively decrease pension fund benefits. Voluntary employee contributions may be allowed as well. Since benefits do not depend on asset returns, benefits remain stable in a changing economic climate. Businesses can contribute more money to a pension fund and deduct more from their taxes than with a defined-contribution plan. A pension fund helps subsidize early retirement for promoting specific business strategies. However, a pension plan is more complex and costly to establish and maintain than other retirement plans. Employees have no control over investment decisions. In addition, an excise tax applies if the minimum contribution requirement is not satisfied or if excess contributions are made to the plan.
An employee’s payout depends on his salary and length of employment with the company. No loans or early withdrawals are available from a pension fund. In-service distributions are not allowed to a participant before age 62. Taking early retirement generally results in a smaller monthly payout.
Monthly Annuity or Lump Sum: Which Is Better?
With a defined-benefit plan, you usually have two choices when it comes to distribution: periodic (usually monthly) payments for the rest of your life or a lump sum distribution. Some plans allow you to do both, i.e., take out some of the money in a lump sum, and use the rest to generate periodic payments. In any case, there will likely be a deadline by which you have to decide, and your decision will be final.
There are several things to consider when choosing between a monthly annuity and a lump sum.  
Annuity. Monthly annuity payments are typically offered as a single life annuity for you only for the rest of your life – or as a joint and survivor annuity for you and your spouse. The latter pays a lesser amount each month (typically 10% less), but the payouts continue after your death, until the surviving spouse passes away.
Some people decide to take the single life annuity, opting to purchase a whole life or other type of life insurance policy to provide income for the surviving spouse. When the employee dies, the pension payout stops; however, the spouse then receives a large death benefit payout (tax-free) which can be invested and uses to replace the taxable pension payout that has ceased. This strategy, which goes by the fancy-sounding name pension maximization, may not be a bad idea if the cost of the insurance is less than the difference between the single life and joint and survivor payouts. In many cases, however, the cost far outweighs the benefit.
Can your pension fund ever run out of money? Theoretically, yes. But if your pension fund doesn’t have enough money to pay you what it owes you, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) could pay a portion of your monthly annuity, up to a legally defined limit. For 2016, the annual maximum PBGC benefit for a 65-year-old retiree is $60,136. Of course, PBGC payments may not be as much as you would have received from your original pension plan.  
Annuities usually pay out at a fixed rate. They may or may not include inflation protection. If not, the amount you get is set from retirement on. This can reduce the real value of your payments each year, depending on how the cost of living is going. And since it rarely is going down, many retirees prefer to take their money in a lump sum.      
Lump Sum. If you take a lump sum, you avoid the potential (if unlikely) problem of your pension plan going broke, or losing some or all of your pension if the company files for bankruptcy.  Plus, you can invest the money, keeping it working for you – and possibly earning a better interest rate, too. If there is money left when you die, you can pass it along as part of your estate.
On the downside: No guaranteed lifetime income, as with an annuity. It’s up to you to make the money last. And, unless you roll the lump sum into an IRA or other tax-sheltered account, the whole amount will be immediately taxed and could push you into a higher tax bracket.
If your defined-benefit plan is with a public-sector employer, your lump sum distribution may only be equal to your contributions. With a private sector employer, the lump sum is usually the present value of the annuity (or, more precisely, the total of your expected lifetime annuity payments discounted to today's dollars).  Of course, you can always use a lump sum distribution to purchase an immediate annuity on your own, which could provide a monthly income stream, including inflation protection. As an individual purchaser, however, your income stream will probably not be as large as it would with an annuity from your original defined-benefit pension fund.
 
Which Yields More Money?
With just a few assumptions, and a small amount of math, you can determine which choice yields the largest cash payout.
You know the present value of a lump-sum payment, of course. But in order to figure out which makes better financial sense, you need to estimate the present value of annuity payments. To figure out the discount or future expected interest rate for the annuity payments, think about how you might invest the lump sum payment and then use that interest rate to discount back the annuity payments. A reasonable approach to selecting the ‘discount rate’ would be to assume that the lump sum recipient invests the payout in a diversified investment portfolio of 60% equity investments and 40% bond investments. Using historical averages of 9% for stocks and 5% for bonds, the discount rate would be 7.40%.
Imagine that Sarah was offered $80,000 today or $10,000 per year for the next 10 years. On the surface, the choice appears clear: $80,000 versus $100,000 ($10,000 x 10 years): Take the annuity.
But the choice is impacted by the expected return (or discount rate) Sarah expects to receive on the $80,000 over the next 10 years. Using the discount rate of 7.40%, calculated above, the annuity payments are worth $68,955.33 when discounted back to the present, whereas the lump-sum payment today is $80,000. Since $80,000 is greater than $68,955.33, Sarah would take the lump-sum payment.
Other Deciding Factors
There are other basic factors that must almost always be taken into consideration in any pension maximization analysis. These variables include:

Your age.  One who accepts a lump sum at age 50 is obviously taking more of a risk than one who receives a similar offer at age 67. Younger clients face a higher level of uncertainty than older ones, both financially and in other ways.


Your current health and projected longevity. If your family history shows a pattern of predecessors dying of natural causes in their late 60s or early 70s, then a lump-sum payment may be the way to go. Conversely, someone who is projected to live to age 90 will quite often come out ahead by taking the pension. Remember that most lump sum payouts are calculated based on charted life expectancies, so those who live past their projected age are, at least mathematically, likely to beat the lump sum payout. You might also consider whether health insurance benefits are tied to the pension payouts in any way.


Your current financial situation. If you are in dire straits financially, then the lump-sum payout may be necessary.  Your tax bracket can also be an important consideration; if you are in one of the top marginal tax brackets, then the bill from Uncle Sam on a lump-sum payout can be murderous. And if you are burdened with a large amount of high-interest obligations, it may be wiser to simply take the lump sum to pay off all of your debts rather than continue to pay interest on all of those mortgages, car loans, credit cards, student loans and other consumer liabilities for years to come.  A lump-sum payout may also be a good idea for those who intend to continue working at another company and can roll this amount into their new plan, or for those who have delayed their Social Security until a later age and can count on a higher level of guaranteed income from that.


The projected return on the client’s portfolio from a lump-sum investment. If you feel confident your portfolio will be able to generate investment returns that will approximate the total amount that could have been received from the pension, then the lump sum may be the way to go. Of course, you need to use a reasonable payout factor here, such as 3%, and don’t forget to take drawdown risk into account in your computations. Current market conditions and interest rates will also obviously play a role, and the portfolio that is used must fall within the parameters of your risk tolerance, time horizon and specific investment objectives.


Safety. If you have a low risk tolerance, prefer the discipline of annuitized income, or simply don't feel comfortable managing large sums of money, then the annuity payout is probably the better option because it’s a safer bet. In case of a company plan going bankrupt, along with the protection of the PBGC, state reinsurance funds often step in to indemnify all customers of an insolvent carrier up to perhaps two or three hundred thousand dollars.


The cost of life insurance. If you're in relatively good health, then the purchase of a competitive indexed universal life insurance policy can effectively offset the loss of future pension income and still leave a large sum to use for other things. This type of policy can also carry accelerated benefit riders that can help to cover the costs for critical, terminal or chronic illness or nursing home care. However, if you are medically uninsurable, then the pension may be the safer route.


Inflation protection. A pension payout option that provides a cost-of-living increase each year is worth far more than one that does not. The purchasing power from pensions without this feature will steadily diminish over time, so those who opt for this path need to be prepared to either lower their standard of living in the future or else supplement their income from other sources.


Estate planning considerations. If you want to leave a legacy for children or other heirs, then an annuity is out. The payments from these plans always cease at the death of either the retiree or the spouse, if a spousal benefit option was elected. If the pension payout is clearly the better option, then a portion of that income should be diverted into a life insurance policy, or provide the body of a trust.

Retirement and defined-contribution plans
With a defined-contribution plan, you have several options when it comes time to shut that office door.
Leave In. You could just leave the plan intact and your money where it is. You may in fact find the firm encouraging you to do so. If so, your assets will continue to grow tax-deferred until you take them out. Under the IRS' required minimum distribution rules, you have to begin withdrawals once you reach age 70½. There may be exceptions, however, if you are still employed by the company in some capacity.
Installment. If your plan allows it, you can create an income stream, using installment payments or an income annuity – sort of a paychecks-to-yourself arrangement throughout the rest of your retirement lifetime. If you annuitize, bear in mind that the expenses involved could be higher than with an IRA.
Roll Over. You can roll over your 401(k) funds to a traditional IRA, where your assets will continue to grow tax-deferred. One advantage of doing this is that you will probably have many more investment choices. You can then convert some or all of the traditional IRA to a Roth IRA. You can also roll over your 401(k) directly into a Roth IRA. In both cases, although you will pay taxes on the amount you convert that year, all subsequent withdrawals from the Roth IRA will be tax-free. In addition, you are not required to make withdrawals from the Roth IRA at age 70½ or, in fact, at any other time during your life.
Lump Sum. As with a defined-benefit plan, you can take your money in a lump sum. You can invest it on your own or pay bills, after paying taxes on the distribution. Keep in mind, a lump sum distribution could put you in a higher tax bracket, depending on the size of the distribution.







  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Unfunded Pension Plan                                            




                                                    Pay As You Go Pension Plan                                            




                                                    Defined-Benefit Plan                                            




                                                    Corporate Pension Plan                                            




                                                    Plan Participant                                            




                                                    Pension Adjustment Reversal - PAR                                            




                                                    Pension Option                                            




                                                    Withdrawal Credits, Pension Plan                                            




                                                    Pensionable Service                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Web - Employee Pension Funds





























































 







Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to Employee Pension Funds



wisconsin public employee pension fund


tampa general employees pension fund


federal employee pension fund


fulton county employees pension fund


chicago municipal employees pension fund


club employees pension fund


service employees pension fund


california public employees pension fund
 





Ads


News Results



Perspective | Let’s run the fantasy math on Social Security

Washington Post, 7/20/2017
It must be fantasy finance month. In my previous column, we discussed how on July 4, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie created $13.5 billion out of thin air and credited it to the state’s…



Morneau Shepell releases the results of its Performance Universe of Pension…

CNW Group via Yahoo Finance, 7/24/2017
Shepell. This team provides independent consulting services on all aspects of asset and liability management of pension funds, endowment funds, and other institutional investment funds.…



Let's do the math on Social Security

Bucks County Courier Times, 7/24/2017
Last week, we discussed how on July 4, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie created $13.5 billion out of thin air and credited it to the state's troubled employee pension funds, making them look…




 


News Results



Connecticut state employee’s retirement funds increase in value

New Haven Register, 7/25/2017
Plans and Trust Funds exceeded expectations in 2017. The two largest of the six funds are the State Employees’ Retirement Fund, which saw returns of 14.34 percent, and the Teachers’…



Let’s run the fantasy math on Social Security

Bangor Daily News, 7/23/2017
Recently, we discussed how on July 4, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie created $13.5 billion out of thin air and credited it to the state’s troubled employee pension funds, making them look…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Home Page | City of Dallas Employee Retirement Fund


www.dallaserf.org/

Hours: Monday-Friday 8:15a - 5:15p. 600 N. Pearl St., Suite 2450 Dallas, TX 75201 (T) 214.580.7700 (F) 214.580.3515 retirement_fund@dallaserf.org



Pension fund - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pension_fund

A pension fund, also known as a superannuation fund in some countries, is any plan, fund, ... Public Employees Pension Fund ; Private



Pension Plan - Investopedia


www.investopedia.com/terms/p/pensionplan.asp

A type of retirement plan, usually tax exempt, wherein an employer makes contributions toward and invests a pool of funds set aside for an employee's future benefit.



Pension - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pensions

A pension is a fund into which a sum of money is added during an employee's employment years, and from which payments are drawn to support the person's retirement ...



Federal Employee Pension, G Fund Used to ... - FedSmith.com


www.fedsmith.com/…/18/federal-employee-pension-g...

The debt ceiling has been reached and federal employees are helping the government to pay its bills through the use of accounting techniques.



Public Employees Retirement Fund (PERF) - in.gov


www.in.gov/perf

With approximately $29.9 billion in assets under management at fiscal year-end 2016, the Indiana Public Retirement System (INPRS) is among the largest 100 pension ...



GEPF - Home


www.gepf.gov.za

The Government Employees Pension Fund (GEPF) is Africa’s largest pension fund. We have more than 1.2 million active members, around 406 395 pensioners and ...



retirement funds - USAGov


www.usa.gov/retirement

Learn some of the basics about retirement and pension benefits. ... Federal Employee Retirement Planning and Management. ... Senior Corps and Social Innovation Fund.



INPRS: Public Employees


secure.in.gov/inprs/publicemployees.htm

My Fund; Current: Public Employees Public Employees . Forms; Fast Facts . ... Confidentiality of Fund Records; My Choice: Retirement Savings Plan Member Handbook ...



CalPERS - Official Site


www.calpers.ca.gov

CalPERS builds retirement and health security for California state, school, and public agency members. We manage the largest public pension fund in the US.



FERS Information - OPM.gov


www.opm.gov/retirement-services/fers-information

FERS Information; Phased Retirement; Special Notices; ... Deferred – If you are a former Federal employee who was covered by the Federal Employees Retirement System ...



Employees Retirement System of Texas - Official Site


www.ers.state.tx.us/

Employee Life Events. Make changes to your benefit elections for specific life events, such as a marriage, add a child, or employment changes.



Annual Survey of Public Pensions: State & Local Data


www.census.gov/govs/retire

Survey provides revenues, expenditures, financial assets, & membership information for public employee&45;retirement systems





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 







Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us
































employees pension fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Employee Pension Funds - Search Employee Pension Funds



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Employee Pension Funds



Search for Employee Pension Funds With 100's of Results at SearchAll




Pension Funds - Pension Funds | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Pension Funds



Find Pension Funds and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles





Employee Pension Fund - Employee Pension Fund | ask.com



Ad
 ·
www.ask.com/​Employee Pension Fund



Search Employee Pension Fund.





Ask a Question



Questions and Answers



Explore Q&A



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





Employee Pension Fund - Find Quick Results Now



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Employee Pension Fund



Search for Employee Pension Fund. Find Employee Pension Fund Now!




Searches related toemployees pension fund



wisconsin public employee pension fund


tampa general employees pension fund


federal employee pension fund


fulton county employees pension fund


chicago municipal employees pension fund



club employees pension fund


service employees pension fund


california public employees pension fund


frs retirement system




Web Results

Home Page | City of Dallas Employee Retirement Fund

https://www.dallaserf.org


Hours: Monday-Friday 8:15a - 5:15p. 600 N. Pearl St., Suite 2450 Dallas, TX 75201 (T) 214.580.7700 (F) 214.580.3515 retirement_fund@dallaserf.org



Leaving The City



Helpful Links



Login



Member Meetings



Beneficiary Forms



Pension fund - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pension_fund


A pension fund, also known as a superannuation fund in some countries, is any plan, fund, ... Public Employees Pension Fund ; Private


Public Employees Retirement Fund - in.gov

www.in.gov/inprs/publicemployees.htm


My Choice: Retirement Savings Plan (Only available to new state of Indiana and political subdivision employees) Joining PERF under the My Choice: Retirement Savings Plan


Welcome to Employees' Provident Fund Organization Delhi Region

www.epfdelhi.gov.in/pensionscheme.asp


Employees' Pension Fund. From and out of the contributions payable by the employer in each month under Section 6 of the Act or under the rules of the Provident Fund ...


INPRS: Indiana Public Retirement System (INPRS)

in.gov/inprs


Public Employees' Retirement Fund (PERF) Member Forms; Teachers' Retirement Fund (TRF) ... (INPRS) is among the largest 100 pension funds in the United States.


City Employees’ Pension Fund

www.eppension.org/documents/Refund Form.pdf?1500251136


City Employees’ Pension Fund Refund of Contributions NOTICE: If you are 40 years old with at least 10 years of participation in the Pension Fund, you


Service Employees Pension Fund - SEIU Local 200United

www.seiu200united.org/your-resources/sepf


Service Employees Pension Fund of Upstate New York. Beth Barrett, Fund Manager Terri Christian, Benefit Coordinator Christine BeVard, Benefits Clerk


THE EMPLOYEE'S PENSION SCHEME, 1995

epfindia.com/site_docs/PDFs/Downloads_PDFs/EPS95_update102008.pdf


1. Short title, commencement and application 2. Definitions 3. Employees' Pension Fund 4. Payment of contribution 5. Recovery of damages for default in payment ...


GEPF - Home

www.gepf.gov.za


The Government Employees Pension Fund (GEPF) is Africa’s largest pension fund. We have more than 1.2 million active members, around 406 395 pensioners and ...


Pennsylvania State Employees' Retirement System - Official Site

sers.pa.gov


The Pennsylvania State Employees' Retirement System today announced that the SERS fund generated nearly $1 billion in net-of-fees earnings, ...










Employee Pension Funds - Search Employee Pension Funds



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Employee Pension Funds



Search for Employee Pension Funds With 100's of Results at SearchAll




Pension Funds - Pension Funds | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Pension Funds



Find Pension Funds and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles





Employee Pension Fund - Employee Pension Fund | ask.com



Ad
 ·
www.ask.com/​Employee Pension Fund



Search Employee Pension Fund.





Ask a Question



Questions and Answers



Explore Q&A



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





Employee Pension Fund - Find Quick Results Now



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Employee Pension Fund



Search for Employee Pension Fund. Find Employee Pension Fund Now!



Searches related toemployees pension fund



wisconsin public employee pension fund


tampa general employees pension fund


federal employee pension fund


fulton county employees pension fund


chicago municipal employees pension fund



club employees pension fund


service employees pension fund


california public employees pension fund


frs retirement system




12345Next






Answers







Pension fund



Employees Provident Fund $185 2014 1991 Non-commodity (Quebec) Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (The Caisse, or CDPQ) $176 1965 Non-commodity...

more






Welfare in Japan



Insurance, Mutual Aid Pensions (Premium is a fixed percentage of monthly income) A third part
Company Pensions (Employees' Pension Fund, Tax-qualified...

more






San Diego pension scandal



The San Diego City Employee's Retirement Pension Fund was the source of a multi-year scandal and has been an ongoing financial concern for the city of...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













employees pension fund - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











32bj Pension Fund - 32bj Pension Fund | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​32bj Pension Fund



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





OPM Retirement Lawyers | retirementlaw.com



Ad
 ·
www.retirementlaw.com



Law firm representing federal  employees in retirement issues(OPM)




How To Start A Retirement Fund - How To Start A Retirement Fund



Ad
 ·
www.about.com/​retirement fund



Find How To Start A Retirement Fund and Related Articles. Search Now!





Search About.com



About.com Home



The About.com Story



100+ Topics



Trusted Guides
















Pension fund




Employees Provident Fund $185 2014 1991 Non-commodity (Quebec) Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (The Caisse, or CDPQ) $176 1965 Non-commodity (Ontario) Ontario Teachers'

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Pension fund - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Pension_funds


Public Employees Pension Fund ; Private. TAPILTAT, the Fund for Mutual Assistance of the Employees of Ioniki Bank and Other Banks, ...


Hostess Workers' Pension Money Diverted For Other Uses ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/.../10/hostess-pensions-diverted_n_2271868.html


Hostess Brands acknowledged for the first time in a news report Monday that the company diverted workers' pension money for ... retirement funds, ...


A New Science of Pension Fund Management | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/steve-currall/a-new-science-of-pension-_b...


Public pension funds have become powerful and influential players in today's global equity markets, investing trillions of dollars of government employee...


Chicago Teachers’ Pension Fund: Nearly $200 ... - HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/chicago-teachers-pension-fund-nearly...


In 2016, Chicago Teachers’ Pension Fund (CTPF) paid out $1.5 billion in benefits while earning only $7.8 million on investments. Yes, the fund disbursed ...


Public Pension Cuts: Key to States' Budget Fix or Easy ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/...pensions-government_n_1365716.html


When the market collapsed in 2008, state pension fund balances declined, ... Since 2008, 43 states have reduced pension benefits for new employees, ...


Detroit Pensions Threatened By Bankruptcy ... - HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/20/detroit-pensions-bankruptcy...


The city lists about $644 million in unfunded pension ... city's general retirement fund and the police ... of retired employees to ...


State Lawmakers Fighting Climate Change Face Big Conflict ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/12/pension-funds-fossil-fuels_n...


Some state lawmakers are pushing public pension funds to dump stock in the fossil ... to get the nation’s largest pensions for state employees and ...


Wisconsin Pension Cuts Are Actually About Reducing Union ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/02/25/wisconsin-protests-who-co_n...


Who really contributes to Wisconsin's public employees' pension funds? On Friday morning, the Wisconsin state assembly passed a bill that would, as t...


Koch Brothers, Major Corporations Sponsor Pension Reform ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/25/koch-brothers-pension-reform_n...


As state courts across the nation prepare to referee numerous public pension reform disputes, a gaggle of interested parties — from major corporations to ...


The Hedge Fund That Ate Chicago | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/les-leopold/the-hedge-fund-that-ate-c_b...


The Hedge Fund That Ate Chicago. By ... He argues that the city will have to pay $2.4 billion a year into the pension fund. The public employee unions and ...










32bj Pension Fund - 32bj Pension Fund | reference.com



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​32bj Pension Fund



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





OPM Retirement Lawyers | retirementlaw.com



Ad
 ·
www.retirementlaw.com



Law firm representing federal  employees in retirement issues(OPM)




How To Start A Retirement Fund - How To Start A Retirement Fund



Ad
 ·
www.about.com/​retirement fund



Find How To Start A Retirement Fund and Related Articles. Search Now!





Search About.com



About.com Home



The About.com Story



100+ Topics



Trusted Guides




Searches related toemployees pension fund



wisconsin public employee pension fund


tampa general employees pension fund


federal employee pension fund


fulton county employees pension fund


chicago municipal employees pension fund



club employees pension fund


service employees pension fund


california public employees pension fund


frs retirement system




12345Next

Related Searches



wisconsin public employee pension fund


tampa general employees pension fund


federal employee pension fund


fulton county employees pension fund


chicago municipal employees pension fund


club employees pension fund


service employees pension fund


california public employees pension fund


frs retirement system




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








