








Mark A. Augusti - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Mark A. Augusti
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director at ConforMIS, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Mark A. Augusti? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark A. Augusti's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark A. Augusti's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark A. Augusti's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark A. Augusti through your network of contacts.
												








Mark A. Augusti's Executive Work History


Current


President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, 
ConforMIS, Inc.


Past
To view Mark A. Augusti's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
51

 
 


Mark A. Augusti's Biography



Mark Augusti has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director since November 2016. Prior to joining ConforMIS, Mr. Augusti was Integra LifeSciences Corporation's corporate vice president, and president of Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies. Mr. Augusti was responsible for the management of the Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies global division, which includes extremity implants, tissue products, and the Private Label business. His responsibilities included U.S. commercial leadership, global portfolio management, evaluation of corporate development opportunities and overall strategic direction. Prior to joining Integra  ...
(Read More)

			Mark Augusti has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director since November 2016. Prior to joining ConforMIS, Mr. Augusti was Integra LifeSciences Corporation's corporate vice president, and president of Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies. Mr. Augusti was responsible for the management of the Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies global division, which includes extremity implants, tissue products, and the Private Label business. His responsibilities included U.S. commercial leadership, global portfolio management, evaluation of corporate development opportunities and overall strategic direction. Prior to joining Integra in 2014, Mr. Augusti served as chief executive officer at Bioventus LLC from May 2012 to August 2013, and was a member of Bioventus' board of directors during the same period. Prior to that, Mr. Augusti spent nine years with Smith & Nephew from April 2003 to April 2012 in a series of leadership roles, including President of Smith & Nephew's Biologic Division, where he was appointed to lead Smith & Nephew's new biologics initiative. He also served as Smith & Nephew's president of the Orthopaedic Trauma & Clinical Therapies global business and senior vice president and general manager of the Trauma business. From 1987 to 2000, he spent 13 years at GE Medical Systems, where he held various sales, marketing and strategic management roles, both in the U.S. and internationally. Mr. Augusti received his M.B.A. from the UCLA Anderson School of Management, and his B.S. in Computer Science and Economics from Duke University. We believe that Mr. Augusti is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive management, medical technology and business experience.
		
Source: ConforMIS, Inc. on 03/29/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark A. Augusti's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mark A. Augusti. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark A. Augusti's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark A. Augusti's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark A. Augusti through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mark A. Augusti


















Mark A. Augusti's Connections (52)





Sign up now to view Mark A. Augusti's 52 connections »









Richard E. Caruso
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Judith O'Grady
Corporate Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs, and Corporate Compliance Officer, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Jerry E. Corbin
Vice President and Corporate Controller, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Barbara B. Hill
Board Member, St. Jude Medical, Inc.









Donald E. Morel
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Christian S. Schade
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









William T. Monahan
Lead Director, Pentair plc









Raymond G. Murphy
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Stuart M. Essig
Board Member, St. Jude Medical, Inc.









John H. Mooradian
Corporate Vice President, Global Operations and Supply Chain, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Mark Augusti, Conformis Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





Mark Augusti

President/CEO,
Conformis Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Conformis Inc, 11/2016-PRESENT


VP/Pres:Orthopedics
Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp, 4/2014-11/2016


Chief Executive Officer
Bioventus LLC, 5/2012-8/2013


Pres:Clinical Therapies
Smith & Nephew PLC, 1/2008-5/2012


President:Orthopaedic Trauma
Smith & Nephew PLC, 2/2006-1/2008


Senior VP/Gen Mgr:Trauma Div
Smith & Nephew PLC, 4/2005-2/2006


VP:Global Marketing
Smith & Nephew PLC, 4/2003-4/2005


Various Positions
GE Medical Systems, 1987-2000


Candidate:Republican Party
(IL)2002 House of Rep Election, 2002-UNKNOWN


Various Positions
JP Morgan Securities LLC, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.conformis.com






Corporate Information
Address:

28 Crosby Drive
Bedford, MA 01730
United States


Phone:
1-781-345-9001


Fax:
1-781-345-0147


Web url:
www.conformis.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



UCLA Anderson School of Management
MBA


Duke University
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science








Memberships



Board Memberships




Conformis Inc


Board Member, 11/2016-PRESENT




Bioventus LLC


Board Member, 5/2012-8/2013




Hutchinson Technology Inc


Board Member, 2009-5/2012



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Interview:  Mark Augusti, CEO @ Bioventus, the new Smith and Nephew Biologics spinout | 














































Your #1 Orthopedic industry site ▪ Stay informed ▪ Contact Tiger for better recruiting.
My story
I Believe
TigerRecruiting
About
Contact
 





Interview:  Mark Augusti, CEO @ Bioventus, the new Smith and Nephew Biologics spinout

Smith & Nephew Biologics new Joint Venture with Essex Woodlands – An Interview with Mark Augusti (OrthoSpineNews)
We recently heard the news about Smith & Nephew selling 51% of their Biologics division to Essex Woodlands in a Joint Venture. We caught up with the new President and CEO of the new company and got his thoughts on the news.
Interview with Mark Augusti, CEO Bioventus LLC.
Drue De Angelis: Mark, thanks for taking some time with us today. Could you give us your brief background and how did you end up where you are today? 
Mark Augusti:  I joined GE Medical Systems right out of earning a Degree from Duke University. I was in the imaging business for a number of years, and I had a foray into investment banking from 2000 to 2002. I joined Smith & Nephew in April of 2003 as the Global VP of Marketing for the trauma business, and I’ve been with them since Friday of last week (May 4), when I transferred over as CEO of Bioventus at midnight on May 5th. At Smith & Nephews I had various orthopedic roles, going from VP to general manager, to President. I’ve been involved with our clinical therapies business, which was EXOGEN and SUPARTZ, in-and-out of the trauma business, and in 2008 moved to President of Smith & Nephews Biologics Division. 
Drue De Angelis: Why did Smith & Nephew want to “spin-off” the biologics division?
Mark Augusti: If you look at the new, stated, strategic aspirations of the CEO of Smith & Nephew, he really wants to focus on the growing markets, the emerging markets, because they’re international and he wants to reallocate the resources from the established markets to the growing markets.  He also wants to focus on their core surgical implant business –  both the orthopedics as well as wound management. So when you look at the biologics business, it was a bit of a tough strategic challenge. Smith & Nephew felt that biologics was important and regenerative medicine was important for the future direction they wanted to play in, but they felt they couldn’t invest it appropriately. There were three investment challenges. One was the scale of investment — the amount of investment required to have meaningful play in that space. Second is  the length of time to market. Most orthopedic companies look to a three year product cycle. Really when you look at biotech or biologics, you’re talking about getting minimum three to five, maybe seven year product development cycle. The third thing is the riskiness of that profile as a public company, and seen more as a medical device company, it’s harder to justify to the investors of Smith & Nephew, public company, the profile of that. So when we started talking about it, even before Olivier came on, we had these challenges. And then when Olivier came on, and really looked at it, he realized that given those three things, there’s a real win-win here for the shareholders. An opportunity to monetize some of the current value in the business for Smith & Nephew shareholders, and that will probably only be 5% of the Smith & Nephew revenue, for Smith & Nephew to retain the minority position, the significant minority position, which should give them the window into biologics. And this is all assuming we find the right investor to partner with us, provide capital, to dedicate to the space. That would allow Smith & Nephew to have that window, and potentially, assuming we do our jobs well, create value for their equity stake. So that’s the reason for the spin-off. We’re very excited about it, obviously, as Bioventus, a private company, focused on ortho biologics, with orthopedic active healing. We think we will be able to do different licensing and acquisition deals that normally wouldn’t rise to the “doablility” of Smith & Nephew, just because, given the other demands they have from their strategic priorities that I’ve outlined previously. As far as what we are going to do different, the main thing is, we’re still going to run our business, competing to win, we’re going to focus on our spaces and we’re now going to focus on longer term investment deals, as I said that 3, 5 to seven year profile. And we’re looking to do very interesting deals off this platform that we have of Bioventus.
Drue De Angelis:  What will happen to the existing Smith & Nephew employees as a result of the spin-off?
Mark Augusti:  As of the transaction closing on Friday, all of the US employees including myself and my executive staff have transferred over. We’re no longer Smith & Nephew employees, we’re now employees of Bioventus.  As for our international business — just due to the regulatory issues, both from a legal and a labor law standpoint – we couldn’t really get it done right away, so you have a process you have to go through, you have  to adhere to that process. Our plan is to do that over time, so that we have roughly 80 to 90 international employees and plan is to have them all come over the next 6 to 12 months. The way it’s working is, as of the close of the transaction, Smith & Nephew is now our distributor internationally, and those employees are still Smith & Nephew employees doing the same thing they did last week, selling our products. Now, given the distributor relationship, we will just work with Smith & Nephew, we have a very good working relationship with them, and we’ll transfer the international business in an orderly fashion.
Drue De Angelis: So, the focus is then in the non-surgical arena, bone healing and different injectables. Are you thinking of expanding beyond that to other non-surgical modalities as well?
Mark Augusti: Well, certainly when things come our way, we look at them and we’re free to do as we want. But I think right now, there’s interesting opportunities in bone healing technologies, as well as cartilage regenerative technologies. We’re looking at some things in soft tissue as well, but we think between bone and healing and cartilage technologies, there’s a lot of opportunity. We have a 300 or so person direct sales force in the US calling on orthopedic and podiatry outpatient clinics, and we think that’s a huge value for Bioventus. We think we have the best performing and largest scale sales force, so we’re looking to leverage that platform to other interesting things. So from that standpoint we also, given the equity and new capital of Bioventus, we’re going to build out this model internationally. It was a little hard to do that under Smith & Nephew given the substance of the operations, given it was a more surgical distribution platform OUS. We started that process and will continue that process under Bioventus and build our own direct selling force internationally  that will focus on orthopedic outpatient and orthopedic active healing technologies.
Drue De Angelis: Very good. That sounds like you got your hands full. Lots to do.
Mark Augusti: Well we do. We got a good partner in Smith & Nephew, and given they have retained a significant position they have every incentive to make sure we get our sea legs under us and get running. You can imagine, I had direct responsibility for a pretty large sales and marketing development, and even clinical affairs and regulatory affairs capabilities. But the challenge is, back office finance, back office HR, and all the IP systems, we got to build those within Bioventus. So that’s what we will be doing over the next year.
Drue De Angelis: Do you think we’ll see more Joint Ventures like this in orthopedics?
Mark Augusti: I think it represents a very interesting model. There’s been partnerships done in the pharma and biotech world before, and med-tech spin-offs but I don’t think there’s been anything as interesting as this where, a major device multi-national has maintained such a large position in the spin-out. And I think if you take the Essex Woodlands and their profile as a growth equity player, as someone who really can invest in technology and do this, it’s a unique model that people are going to watch to see if we can really be successful doing this. At the extend we can, we’d be paving the way in a changing environment with a lot of regulatory changes, challenges on data and health economics data, and really creating value. I think we’re going to prove as we become successful, that this may be a different way to go. I think the days of just getting a product out there, a device, a 510k and try to get a certain amount of run-rate revenue, and hope a strategic comes along, I’m not going to say that’s still not going to happen now and then, but there’s so much stuff chasing the deals, there’s so much capital out there, this is a different model. This is a model that is compelling that will take some strategic thinking, but there’s few firms that can pull it off.  I think other multi-nationals are going to look at this, because frankly, even if you’re larger than Smith & Nephew, you’re going to have similar type challenges when you look at precious resources, and where your investment dollars go. I think, to that extent, people will be interested over time.
Drue De Angelis:  Do you have any announcements relative to new product offerings?
Mark Augusti: I’m not expecting to have any major announcements over the short term, I think we have enough just doing this, and people are going to be watching. This is a challenge for all medtech, and if you look at the Covidiens, the J&J’s, the Strykers of the world, even GE, there’s a lot of big medtech companies who are looking to the emerging markets for their growth. The big challenge for them is, how do they stay relevant and manage their share in the established markets, given all of the changes and the pricing pressures and still fund that growth, which is challenging, while still maintaining an appropriate R&D and new product development pipeline. We’re smaller, but we aren’t very small, we’re an over $200 million company, and I think we’re on the right platform to compete in this space, and orthopedics is calling out for that. There’s so much biological research and research going on, there are few entities that are going to be positioned to really look at what is out there and take a little bit of a longer view, and do the work to invest in this space, and created really good value propositions. The way we’re approaching it is that you’ve got to have a health economic value proposition. You’ve got to have something that has clinical data that you can then talk to the payors and governments about, and get reimbursement for your product. If you look at our two core products that we have, both Bone Stimulation and Joint Fluid Therapy, both have great health economic stories and they’re saving dollars in the healthcare system. One of the key things we look at is, what’s the value proposition, and is it sustainable, and what are the economics behind it? And that’s the way the government is going, whether or not Obamacare gets repealed and those types of things, it is already being established. Having good clinical data really make a difference in allows you to, tell your story, protect your franchises, and frankly, justify being a value for your products, and that’s the direction we plan to move in.
Drue De Angelis: With the challenge of raising money these days, do you think joint venture is something that smaller companies can take advantage of?
Mark Augusti: That’s a great question, and we will see. I think it is tough if you don’t have the scale, the revenue. That remains to be seen, and that is why this is so unique, in that, we’ve got a really good cash flow which gives us the platform and the options to move forward. I think it is going to be tougher on the startups, and people want to see startups with a more detailed plan, funded through, getting beyond pre-revenue. It’s clear to me, at least is today’s environment, that strategics are not really interested in taking on the regulatory risk, the reimbursement risk, and all the other things they might have taken on in the past if they thought that the idea that a new “mouse-trap” would look good. There’s so much risk out there in the medtech world, you may not even get reimbursement. I think things are having to be funded longer as such are requiring more capital, and it’s making it tougher for the venture community. That’s why Essex Woodlands has been really farsighted in trying to partner and do a deal like this. They have set themselves apart on this deal and being able to do something like that. I also think Smith & Nephew did the same thing, and the board of directors should get credit for that. Clearly, I had the germ of the idea for that and advocated for it, but it’s not any one person, there’s a few people who see the value in it and have to get comfortable with that. I do think when this deal was announced back in January, other multi-nationals took notice and said, we’ve got “smaller” businesses in our portfolio that are a bit trapped, that we know we’re not able to fund appropriately, as we would like; so let’s try and understand this deal, how do you do a deal like this and have it make sense.
I think we’ve got a great team and we’re all about transitioning the team appropriately, and we’ve got great partners, great employees. I know my employees are excited about this. There is more to come as we go forward.





One response to Interview:  Mark Augusti, CEO @ Bioventus, the new Smith and Nephew Biologics spinout




6 Questions with Orthopedic Entrepreneurs | OrthoStreams July 5th, 2015 at 5:44 am
[…] Interview: Mark Augusti, CEO @ Bioventus, the new Smith and Nephew Biologics spinout […]
     Reply




Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 



← OrthoStreams home


The Lists Mergers and Acquisitions in Orthopedics (by date)
Fundings in Orthopedics (by date)
The Complete List of Spine Startups
6 Questions with Orthopedic Entrepreneurs – Tiger’s exclusive interviews
26 Trauma startups
34 Extremities startups
26 Total Joint startups
23 Sports Medicine startups
21 3D-Printing companies in Orthopedics
10 Robotic & Computer Aided Surgery startups
45 VCs Active in Orthopedics
22 Low Cost Implant Companies
27 Biologics Startups
28 Best Shoulder Surgeons in US

50 Companies that are leading innovation in Sports Medicine

22 Best Knee Surgeons in North America

26 Best Foot & Ankle Surgeons in North America
23 Design Shops who are currently serving Orthopedics
10 Best New Spine Technologies in 2013
List of New US Patents in Orthopedics… Just Released! (updated every 2 weeks)

Startups Tiger's List of Hot Startups (just my opinion)
Are Startups for me?  8 Questions
An inside look at a successful startup – Ellipse Technologies
6 Questions with Orthopedic Entrepreneurs - Tiger's exclusive interviews
Startups can MAKE your career
NuVasive acquires Ellipse Technologies for $410M
26 Dos and Don’ts for Creating Value in an Orthopedic Startup
Popular Tiger’s Guide to choosing the right Recruiter
Why the Contingency Recruiting model is Flawed
Tiger’s 16 pieces of advice for young Engineers in Orthopedics companies
Your Dashboard for the Zimmer Biomet merger
13 Orthopedic Trends observed by Tiger
Biologics Revolution > Breaking Down Barriers to Entry for Advanced Biologic Solutions
Is the End Near for Traditional Orthopedic Implant Makers?
Why can’t I find my Dream Job?   Hint: the problem is not your resume.

Databases for Sale Browse all Products
The Complete List of Worldwide Orthopedic Companies
The Complete List of Spine Startups
The Complete List of AAOS Surgeon Disclosures
3,000 FDA 510(k) clearances in a single database
1,600 US Orthopedic Hospitals in a single database
 


 

	Copyright © All rights reserved. OrthoStreams 2017. Permission needed to republish.    Contact email:  Contact @ TigerRecruiting.com
	
	




























FREE White Paper!
7 Disruptive Trends in Orthopedics


Get Free White Paper
* No Spam - we will never share your details.
×




















Official Campaign Web Site - Mark Augusti  | Library of Congress

















































Skip to main content




menu 



Library of Congress


Search



All Formats
Audio Recordings
Books/Printed Material
Films, Videos
Legislation
Manuscripts/Mixed Material
Maps
Notated Music
Newspapers
Periodicals
Personal Narratives
Photos, Prints, Drawings
Software, E-Resources
Archived Web Sites
Web Pages
3D Objects








Search


Search toggle






















                
                    Archived Web Site
                
                

Official Campaign Web Site - Mark Augusti











                
                Captures
                
            











View Captures
 Captured from August 7, 2002
         to September 21, 2005







About this Item




        
            Title
        
        
Official Campaign Web Site - Mark Augusti

        
            Contributor Names
        
        

                
                
                Augusti, Mark
                
                

        
            Subject Headings
        
        

                - 
                
                Augusti, Mark
                
                

                - 
                
                Political candidates -- United States
                
                

                - 
                
                Elections -- United States
                
                

                - 
                
                Politics and government -- United States
                
                

                - 
                
                United States Elections, 2002
                
                

                - 
                
                United States. Congress. House
                
                

                - 
                
                Republican Party
                
                

                - 
                
                Illinois
                
                

                - 
                
                Illinois (5th Congressional District)
                
                

        
            Genre
        
        

                
                
                web site
                
                

        
            Form
        
        

                
                
                electronic
                
                

        
            Repository
        
        
 Library of Congress, Washington D.C., 20540

        
            Source Url
        
        

                
                
                www.augustiforcongress.org/
                
                

        
            Access Condition
        
        
 None

        
            Online Format
        
        

                
                
                web page
                
                

        
            Description
        
        

                
                
                Web Site.   electronic |   Electronic (Form).
                
                

    Additional Metadata Formats


MODSXML Record






Part of...


United States Elections 2002
            (1,156)


United States Elections Web Archive
            (5,406)


Humanities and Social Sciences Division
            (7,205)






Format
Archived Web Site



Contributors
Augusti, Mark



Dates
2002 to 2005



Location
Illinois

United States



Language
English



Subjects
Augusti, Mark

Elections

Political Candidates

Politics and Government

Republican Party

United States Elections

United States. Congress. House










 
           Rights & Access

 
            Rights assessment is your responsibility.
Many, if not all, of the Web sites in the collection and elements incorporated into the Web sites (e.g., photographs, articles, graphical representations) are protected by copyright. The materials may also be subject to publicity rights, privacy rights, or other legal interests.
Responsibility for making an independent legal assessment of an item and securing any necessary permissions ultimately rests with the person desiring to use the item. You will need permission from the copyright owners or rights holders for reproduction, distribution, or other use of protected items beyond that allowed by fair use or other statutory exemptions. Researchers should consult the sites themselves for information about rights, contacts, and permissions. The catalog record for each archived Web site contains the specific information about the site known to the Library. See Library of Congress Legal Notices page for additional information and restrictions.
The Library of Congress would like to hear from any copyright owners who are not properly identified on this Web site so that we may make the necessary corrections. In addition, if you are a copyright owner or otherwise have exclusive control over materials presently available through this collection and do not wish your materials to be available through this Web site, please let us know. To make a takedown request, please contact us via this contact form.

Citing Resources in the Web Archive
Citations should indicate: Archived in the Library of Congress Web Archives at www.loc.gov. When citing a particular Web site include the archived Web site's Citation ID (e.g., /item/lcwa.00010240). Researchers are advised to follow standard citation guidelines for Web sites, pages, and articles. Researchers are reminded that many of the materials in this Web archive are copyrighted and that citations must credit the authors/creators and publishers of the works.
More about Copyright and other Restrictions
For guidance about compiling full citations consult
            Citing Primary Sources.









 Cite This Item


 
        Citations are generated automatically from bibliographic data as
        a convenience, and may not be complete or accurate.
        

Chicago citation style:
Augusti, Mark. Official Campaign Web Site - Mark Augusti. 2002. Archived Web Site. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://www.loc.gov/item/lcwaE0007097/. (Accessed July 26, 2017.)


APA citation style:
Augusti, M. (2002) Official Campaign Web Site - Mark Augusti. [Archived Web Site] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://www.loc.gov/item/lcwaE0007097/.


MLA citation style:
Augusti, Mark. Official Campaign Web Site - Mark Augusti. 2002. Archived Web Site. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, <https://www.loc.gov/item/lcwaE0007097/>.










More Archived Web Sites like this













        Archived Web Site
        



        

        
            Official Campaign Web Site - David Sadler
        

        
        



        
            
                Web Site. electronic | Electronic (Form).
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Sadler, David
                        


Date:
2002-08-07

















        Archived Web Site
        



        

        
            Official Campaign Web Site - Doug Nelson
        

        
        



        
            
                Web Site. electronic | Electronic (Form).
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Nelson, Doug
                        


Date:
2002-08-09

















        Archived Web Site
        



        

        
            Official Campaign Web Site - Pete Calderone
        

        
        



        
            
                Web Site. electronic | Electronic (Form).
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Calderone, Pete
                        


Date:
2002-08-07

















        Archived Web Site
        



        

        
            Official Campaign Web Site - Mark Tunney
        

        
        



        
            
                Web Site. electronic | Electronic (Form).
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Tunney, Mark
                        


Date:
2002-08-07

















        Archived Web Site
        



        

        
            Official Campaign Web Site - Philip M. Crane
        

        
        



        
            
                Web Site. electronic | Electronic (Form).
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Crane, Philip M.
                        


Date:
2002-08-07










You might also like














        Book/Printed Material
        



        

        
            Project Vote Smart
        

        
        

            Catalog Record - Electronic Resource Available
            



        
            
                "This product of a national non-partisan, non-profit organization provides information about elected officials and political candidates on the state and national level. The information offered includes voting records, campaign issue positions, performance evaluations by special interests, campaign contributions, backgrounds, previous experience, and contact information. Levels of government featured on the site include the United States Congress, state governors, and state legislatures. Less information is ...
            
        
        


Date:
1995

















        Book/Printed Material
        



        

        
            The Republican party--the message.
        

        
        

            Catalog Record - Electronic Resource Available
            



        
            
                Also available in digital form on the Internet Archive Web site.
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Pottle, Emory
                        


Date:
1859

















        Book/Printed Material
        



        

        
            Speech by Elihu Root, as temporary chairman of the National Republican convention at Chicago, Illinois, June ...
        

        
        

            Catalog Record - Electronic Resource Available
            



        
            
                Also available in digital form on the Internet Archive Web site. Also available in digital form on the Internet Archive Web site.
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Root, Elihu
                        


Date:
1904

















        Book/Printed Material
        



        

        
            The Republican party--its present duties and past achievements, and Democratic repudiation.
        

        
        

            Catalog Record - Electronic Resource Available
            



        
            
                Also available in digital form on the Internet Archive Web site.
            
        
        


Contributor:

                        Packard, Jasper
                        


Date:
1870

















        Periodical
        



        

        
            The Illinois Globe, [newspaper]. September 5, 1846.
        

        
        



Date:
1846-09-05

















 Back to top



















Integra LifeSciences Appoints Mark Augusti as Corporate Vice President, President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies (NASDAQ:IART)






























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS








Apr 7, 2014



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Integra LifeSciences Appoints Mark Augusti as Corporate Vice President, President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies

PLAINSBORO, N.J., April 7, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (Nasdaq:IART) today announced that Mark Augusti has joined Integra as CVP, President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies. Mr. Augusti will be responsible for the management of our Spine and Extremities divisions, including strategic direction, portfolio management and evaluation of corporate development opportunities.

	"I am pleased that Mark has become a member of our team," said Mr. Arduini, Integra's President and Chief Executive Officer. "With more than 25 years of experience in orthopedics, in particular, extremities and biologics, Mark brings a depth of general management experience and leadership that will be instrumental to our growth strategy."

	One of Integra's strategic goals is accelerating growth. This organizational change provides Integra with the focus and expertise to accelerate growth in this important area of the business while advancing the Company's optimization goals. It will enable better trade-offs to be made around resources and investments at a divisional level. The creation of the integrated Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies group will increase the effectiveness and capabilities of the combined division to fund the highest priority investments and fuel growth.

	"I am looking forward to becoming a part of Integra's team to lead the Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies business and advance our growth strategy forward," said Mr. Augusti, Integra's CVP, President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies. "We have an opportunity to bring a business to scale in a dynamic market and to commercialize exciting new technologies in extremities, wound care, orthobiologics and spine."

	Reporting to Mr. Augusti will be Mr. Brian Larkin, President, CVP, Spine & Orthobiologics, who will continue to manage the Spine division; Mr. Bob Paltridge, who will take on a new role as CVP, President, Advanced Wound Care, focusing on our diabetic foot ulcer opportunity; and other executives, including Mr. Bill Weber, General Manager, Marketing & Product Development, Extremities, Mr. Paul Gonsalves, SVP, Enterprise Sales & Corporate Marketing, Mr. Christian Kelly, Senior Director, Global QA/RA and Clinical, and Mr. Nick Gallucci, VP, U.S. Sales, Extremities.

	Mr. Augusti brings more than 25 years of deep knowledge and experience in medical technology management and strategic decision-making at leading international organizations. His broad leadership experience in Orthopedics, specifically Spine, Biologics, Trauma and Extremities, makes him uniquely qualified to lead Integra's new division and strengthen its executive leadership bench.

	Prior to joining Integra, Mr. Augusti served as Chief Executive Officer at Bioventus and was a member of the company's Board of Directors. Prior to that Mr. Augusti spent nine years with Smith & Nephew in a series of leadership roles, most recently as President of Smith & Nephew's Biologic Division, where he was appointed to lead Smith & Nephew's new biologics initiative. He also served as Smith & Nephew's President of the Orthopaedic Trauma & Clinical Therapies Global Business and Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Trauma business. Prior to that, he spent 13 years at GE Medical Systems, where he held various sales, marketing and strategic management roles, both in the U.S. and internationally. Mr. Augusti received his M.B.A. from UCLA Anderson School of Management, and his B.S. in Computer Science and Economics from Duke University.Integra LifeSciences, a world leader in medical technology, is dedicated to limiting uncertainty for surgeons, so they can concentrate on providing the best patient care. Integra offers innovative solutions in orthopedic extremity surgery, neurosurgery, spine surgery, and reconstructive and general surgery. For more information, please visit www.integralife.com

	This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from predicted or expected results. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified under the heading "Risk Factors" included in Item IA of Integra's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and information contained in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could affect actual results.CONTACT: Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation

         

         Media:

         Gianna Sabella

         609-936-2389

         gianna.sabella@integralife.com

         

         Investors:

         Angela Steinway

         609-936-2268

         angela.steinway@integralife.com










 ConforMIS' (CFMS) CEO Mark Augusti on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»ConforMIS' (CFMS) CEO Mark Augusti on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.10.17 | About: ConforMIS (CFMS) ConforMIS, Inc. (NASDAQ:CFMS)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 10, 2017 4:30 PM ET
Executives
Mark Augusti – President and Chief Executive Officer
Paul Weiner – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Mike Weinstein – JPMorgan
Larry Biegelsen – Wells Fargo
Kyle Rose – Canaccord
Steve Lichtman – Oppenheimer & Company
Bruce Nudell – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator
Good afternoon. My name is Michelle, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ConforMIS’ First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that the management will make statements during this call that include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities law, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained in this call that are not statements of historical facts should be considered to be forward-looking statements.
All forward-looking statements including without limitation, statements about ConforMIS’ strategy, future operations, future financial positions and results, gross margin, project margin, operating trends, financial guidance, market growth, total revenue and revenue mix by product and geography, the potential impact and advantages of using customized implants, business initiatives, and transitions and/or commercial operations are based upon certain estimates and various assumptions.
These statements involve material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to materially differ from those anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements, including those discussed in the Risk Factors section of ConforMIS’ public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. While ConforMIS may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, ConforMIS disclaims any obligation, except as required by law, to update or revise any financial projections and forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. This conference call contains time sensitive information and is accurate only as of the live broadcast today, May 10, 2017.
I will now turn the call over to Mark Augusti, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer. Mark?
Mark Augusti
Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to ConforMIS’ first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me on the call today is our CFO, Paul Weiner. During the call Paul and I will share our prepared remarks on a variety of topics including our first quarter financial and operating performance. Following the prepared remarks, Paul and I look forward to answering your questions.
As discussed during our last call 2017 will be a transition year for ConforMIS as we make changes in our commercial operations and improve our gross margin, including the development of a more targeted commercial strategy; the addition of employee sales reps and independent agents, and further investment in commercialization activities and gross margin improvement projects, which I will discuss in more detail below.
First on project – product margins, later in the call I will discuss our efforts and results in some more detail. For now I will share that we have made progress in Q1 and we believe that we will realize further improvement through the upcoming quarters consistent with our previous guidance. Secondly, on commercial execution, we believe we have delivered better than expected revenue performance for Q1, more importantly we are in the process of making changes to enhance the selling organization as part of our plan to improve our longer term growth profile.

I continue to believe the ConforMIS has differentiated technology and capabilities that are making a difference to patient outcomes. The recent OOS meeting was a great example of the compelling nature of our technology, as we have strong surgeon interest in ConforMIS each day of the event. Furthermore, a key to surgeon’s adoption of our product is consumer awareness. We will continue to emphasize our digital and social media campaign that drive consumer engagement. I’ll comment more on that later in the call.
Finally, we continue to build our clinical evidence. You may have seen our recent announcement pertaining to the iTotal PS. At the British Association for Surgery of the Knee meeting commonly referred to as the BASK meeting, researchers presented findings of the iTotal PS kinematic motion, much like our iTotal CR, more closely resembles that of a human need, first is that of traditional off-the-shelf knee systems.
With that, let me turn the call over to Paul for a detailed review of our financial results. Paul?
Paul Weiner
Thank you, Mark. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2017 increased $200,000 to $20.5 million, up 1% year-over-year on a reported basis, excluding the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of $229,000. The Company’s total revenue increased 2% on a constant currency basis. Total revenue in the first quarter of 2017 and 2016 included royalty revenue of approximately $76,000 and $268,000 respectively related to patent license agreement. The year-over-year decline in royalty revenue in the first quarter of 2017 was related to timing of royalty payments received.
First quarter product revenue increased $400,000 to $20.4 million or 2% year-over-year on a reported basis and 3% on a constant currency basis. Total product revenue growth was driven by strong sales at iTotal PS which increased $2.7 million or 113% year-over-year to $5.1 million, offset partially by $2.3 million decline in sales of the Company’s iTotal CR, iUni and iDuo products.
Sales of these base business products represented approximately 75% of total product revenue in the first quarter of 2017, compared to approximately 88% of total product revenue for the same quarter last year.
U.S. product revenue increased $1.3 million to $16 million or 9% year-over-year. The increase in U.S. product revenue was driven by strong sales of our iTotal PS, offset partially by decrease in the sale of the Company’s base business product lines. First quarter U.S. product revenue represented 78% of total product revenue, compared to 74% of total product revenue for the same quarter of 2016.
Rest of world product revenue decreased $859,000 to $4.4 million, or 16% year-over-year on a reported basis and decreased 12% on a constant currency basis. This year-over-year decrease in rest of the world product revenue was primarily due to the decline in sales in the base business product line. First quarter rest of the world product revenue represented 22% of total product revenue compared to 26% of total product revenue in the same quarter of 2016.
Turning to a review of our results across the rest of the P&L. First quarter gross margin was 32% of total revenue compared to 33% of total revenue last year. The decrease in gross margin year-over-year was driven by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes and the timing of royalty payments received.
First quarter operating expenses increased $2 million to $23.8 million or 9.3% year-over-year. The increase in expenses driven primarily by higher general and administrative expense, compared to the first quarter of 2016, including a $1.4 million increase in patent litigation expense and a $700,000 increase in personnel costs. Net loss was $17.2 million, or $0.40 per share, compared to $15 million or $0.37 per share for the same period last year.

We realized better than expected Q1 revenue performance of roughly $2 million driven by the combination of the following two factors. First, we saw roughly $1 million of surgeries recognized in January, having been delayed from the second half of December, most likely due to the year end holidays. Second, we experienced a significantly higher conversion rate of orders into surgeries in the first quarter. This resulted in roughly $1 million of surgeries occurring in the first quarter that we would have expected to occur in the second quarter based on historical conversion trends.
Based on these results, we are maintaining the financial guidance that we provided on February 15, 2017. For the full year 2017, the company continues to expect the total revenue in a range of $80 million to $84 million, with product revenue in a range of $79 million to $83 million, and royalty revenue of approximately $800,000, and total gross margin in a range of 36% to 38%.
With that, I will turn the call back to Mark.
Mark Augusti
Okay. Thanks, Paul. As I mentioned on our last call, we are focused on four strategic priorities at ConforMIS; commercial execution, gross margin improvement, innovation, and talent management. First on commercial execution, we’ve identified number of new areas where we plan to make field investments either through direct representation or an agent relationship. We’re making changes in our U.S. and the U.S. sales management teams. In addition we’ve added new management resources to our contracting and market access teams.
We continue to believe that outpatient knee surgery is an important opportunity, is an area of focus for us during this period of transition. And of course as mentioned previously, consumer awareness is also an area focus for us. We’ve added two resources to focus on microsite marketing and the patient experience. Our patient ambassador program is helping to drive patients to ConforMIS, while our Track My Implant program is allowing us to communicate directly to patients prior to the surgery, which helps patients make informed decisions with respect to their care. All of this is key to our current commercial strategy.
Regarding gross margin; in the first quarter, I appointed dedicated leadership and project teams to focus on our gross margin improvement initiatives. We continue to make progress with our vertical integration strategy. As communicated previously at the end of 2016 we in-source all of our iTotal CR and iTotal PS metal tibia trays. As planned in Q1, we begin manufacturing of our polyethylene inserts of iTotal CR, and pleased to report that we are producing internally more than half of those poly-inserts. Our plans to start making iTotal poly – excuse me, iTotal PS poly later this year remain on track.
We continue to make significant progress with the development of new processes for 3D printing of our patient’s specific iJigs resulting in print cycle time reduction and powder utilization. We believe this will reduce our capital outlays for 3D nylon printers in 2017 and onward.
Our multi-year plan to offshore some of our CAD design work as well as our continued improvements in designed software and CAD automation should provide additional gross margin expansion over time. In short, we are seeing steady progress in our operating programs which we believe will yield progressive improvements in gross margin in 2017 and 2018, with continued incremental improvement in future years.
As for innovation, we’ve kicked off development programs for our next generation iUni and iTotal systems. We continue to prepare – excuse me, to pursue our iTotal hip clearance and of course we are constantly evaluating new technology and new partnership opportunities.
We have a great team here at ConforMIS. We consider ourselves change agents in the field of orthopedics and are committed to producing the best total knee system available. We’re passing on our belief that everyone should have access to our technology and every knee patients should have the ability to make a choice that leads to better outcomes and satisfaction.

Thank you for your participation today. We’ll now turn it over for questions and back to the operator.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Mike Weinstein
Good afternoon, guys, and thanks for taking the questions. Mark, as the starting point, you made some comments just about the sales management in the U.S. – in your U.S. sales teams some changes there. Can you give us more specifics in terms of what you may have already done or what you’re planning to do?
Mark Augusti
Yes, I can, and obviously, a lot of these are personnel-related. But we have two area VPs that will be retiring towards the middle of the year. We’ve already back filled one of those roles and we’re in the process of a search for the second role, as well as we have made some changes in a couple of our recent regional sales manager roles.
Mike Weinstein
Okay. And is that the extent of it or are there bigger changes? And has there been turnover in your reps at this point over the last six month?
Mark Augusti
Well, there will be more changes, Mike. As I said, it’s the year of transitions, and out of respect, some of those things – we’ll talk about those as they come about. We have made the additions, I’m pleased to say where we’ve brought in a new VP for our national accounts, which is gentleman who has over 18 years of experience; we are so very excited about that. As well as I think as I communicated last time, we’ve identified an individual, I don’t believe he started as of our last call, maybe he have. But we have a VP of market access, which I think is really going to be helpful as we move going forward. So we’ll continue – I continue to look at things in that area, but we are going to continue to make changes in the field as I see necessary.
Mike Weinstein
And you – in the comments you made today and then on the 4Q call, you kind of talked about redoing effectively the commercial playbook for the Company. Where are you and kind of your thought process on what that needs to look like going forward? And is there a point in which you think lay that out in greater detail to the industry?
Mark Augusti
Well, I don’t know if we’ll lay it out in greater detail. But we’ve developed it – detailed, we’re rolling out on training, we’re actually in the search process for higher-level sales training individual. But again, these areas that we talked about, sales execution, the playbook will talk about targeting and identification and selling and kind of how we go through the business process here at ConforMIS. So it’s a big thing about sales execution and the other things we’ll do around to support that will be the things that we’ve talked about before we’re on an outpatient knee surgery, direct-to-consumer, KOL engagement. I mean, the course will continue our investment around trails that support health economic and patient outcomes.
Mike Weinstein
Okay. And have you made any decisions on product map on your pipeline in which you want to be investing in?
Mark Augusti
Well, probably it’s the newest information that you may have picked up in the prepared remarks is we have kicked off next generation of our iUni products and our iTotal products. So we’ve made some decisions around that. We’re excited about the opportunities there. As you know, we can’t sit still, there’s always continuous improvement in learning and with our model at ConforMIS we’re able to roll out some of those changes I think more easily and certainly with less capital outlay. And then, we continue to pursue the hip with the FDA and we’re – our policy is obviously not to comment on that, but as soon as there is news on that, we’ll certainly, disclose that as appropriate; and then when we do, we’ll talk more about what the plan is from there.

Mike Weinstein
Okay. Last item, can you just spend a minute on the changes you’re making to iTotal and iUni?
Mark Augusti
Yes. So first off, I think there’s been a couple of follow-ups, that’s money in the bank, Mike. But as it relates to iUni and iTotal, look, we get surgeon feedback and there’s some changes for making the procedure easier, so just to give you one example. When we first launched iUni, our iJig’s weren’t referenced off the osteophytes; yes, that discrete the osteophytes off and then you had a physician at the iJig. And there was a little bit of flexing and some uncertainty and it was a little bit of challenging learning skill for some of our surgeons and in spite of that we still got great outcomes. But when we launched the iTotal, we referenced – our iJigs referenced off the osteophytes and we realized that’s actually a much better way and the surgeons actually really like that.
So one, an example with our iUni program is one of the goals of that program will be to change the referencing so that we reference off the osteophytes and the disease that’s present at the knee at a time so we’ll make that procedure better. Another small example on the iTotal is announcing the IPS – the iTotal PS, we’ve made some improvements on tibial tray. We see an opportunity to actually merge the tibial tray both CR and PS projects. So part of the goal of that program will be to do that. That will actually give us – we think can improve clinical performance, ease-of-use in the surgery, as well as Mike it will be part of gross margin improvement for us.
Mike Weinstein
That’s helpful. Thanks Mark.
Mark Augusti
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen
Hey, guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Paul, couple of questions on the quarter. Just trying to understand the underlying growth in the U.S. given all the moving parts; I think plus 9% year-over-year, but you benefited a year ago. I think catch up from the recall but it sounds like there was a one-time benefit this quarter. Can you help parse out what you see is underlying growth in the U.S.? And I do have a follow-up. Thanks.
Paul Weiner
Yes, so as we have talked about in the last call, as far as 2016, the first quarter of 2016, there were – it left us with a difficult case because of the late surgeries related to the recall and that amounted somewhere estimated around $3 million to $3.5 million of additional revenue that we recognized in the first quarter of 2016. That’s not necessarily reoccurring revenue, it was delayed from 2016. So you need to take that out and that obviously, got it to the underlying growth, but here we’re talking about is 10% to 15%. But certainly this is – the first quarter by certainly much greater than the 9%.
And then, when we’re looking at the performance in the first quarter, there are a couple of items that I mentioned that helped off the first quarter. And the first one – and we’re still talking about $2 million in excess of our expectations for the first quarter. And about half of it was related to surgeries in the second half of December that really happened in January because of the holidays around the end of December. So that helps us out by about $1 million in the first quarter.
The second fee is related to the conversion rate. And the conversion rate ended up being much higher in the first quarter than historical averages and that helped us out by about $1 million. We would expect that that higher conversion rate not continue going forward, which means that we could have a fall in from the second quarter into the first quarter on that. We had a same effect actually in the second quarter of last year where our conversion rate was higher in the second quarter and we ended up with a pull in from the third quarter. So we’re in the same situation here with the first quarter, having a higher conversion rate potentially pulling in from the second quarter.

Larry Biegelsen
That’s helpful. Just doing a math, Paul, is it – as you saying that, if you do the math the underlying growth in the U.S. looks like it was 20%, maybe even greater, just making those adjustments. Would you agree with that? And just lastly for me, maybe could you help us understand what’s going on outside the U.S.? I know you talked about changes in Germany. In the last call, your OUS performance was much better than we expected this quarter. How should we think about the remaining quarters this year? Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Paul Weiner
Yes. The underlying growth you’re talking about in the first quarter in the U.S., I would agree with that, an excess of when you do the adjustments. The rest of world, I think we did a little bit better than we expected on the partial business related to the reimbursement, but we don’t expect that to continue throughout the rest of the year. And overall, we did have a little bit weaker performance in our German business in the first quarter. Keep in mind that OUS, just like the U.S. had the difficult ops because of the delayed surgeries as well as in the first quarter, which did affect our growth percentage OUS.
Larry Biegelsen
Thanks for taking the question guys.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kyle Rose with Canaccord. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kyle Rose
Hi, great. Thank you for taking the questions. Can you hear me all right?
Mark Augusti
Yes, Kyle.
Kyle Rose
Great. I’m in the airport, so I apologize about any background noise. But I just wanted to ask one quick question on the new product discussion, and then just a follow-up on the outpatients. On the new product discussion, I realize your previous management have talked about just the fact that you got the adjust in time delivery of inventory and the ability to innovate much of your products without large capital installed base from instrumentation standpoint can allow for quicker market entry or quicker innovation on a product plan.
Just wanted to see what your thoughts are on the timing of new products? And when you think these may be able to contribute? And then, you also mentioned outpatient is being a focus moving forward. Just wondering if you could give us an idea where outpatient is as a percentage of U.S. revenues now? And then how do you think about that as a growth contributor moving forward?
Mark Augusti
Sure, this is Mark. Kyle, relative to iUni and iTotal projects, at this point from a timing standpoint, we would expect that we would be on a limited market release, being able to get kind of first practicing market in the second half of 2018, we’re still flushing out a couple of things around the iTotal project, which is a little bit of a bigger project. But certainly by Q4 of 2018, I would think on both the new iUni and the new iTotal, we could be in the market with our clinical versions. So I think that’s pretty fast comparing to traditional systems.
As it relates to outpatient surgery, we – I don’t think we’re prepared to give that breakout at this point. It’s a very new space. We’re looking at that whether there’s – I don’t know if there’s a general acceptable classification around that yet. So I don’t know that I would want to hazard a number, I don’t know, Paul, if you have any thoughts on kind of outpatients surgery break out?
Paul Weiner
Yes, I know that’s difficult at this point in time, we’re still in the process of hiring somebody just be dedicated to growing that side of the business.
Mark Augusti
Yes, and to be clear, the way to envision that role is it’s kind of a sales marketing contracting role where all role is one. That space is moving pretty quickly. We think we’ve got a great opportunity with our product concept and the logistics and the way we do things here at ConforMIS, but there’s still a lot to be involved as far as how you work with the providers and the payers around outpatient needs. So we want to be – our goal is to be at the forefront of that, so that’s why we’re looking to bring someone on that will focus in that area.

Kyle Rose
Okay, great. And then just one follow-up. I think in the last call you talked about, in 2017 you would be in a bit of a transition year as you really took charge and made some strategic and infrastructure changes to the organization. Just wanted to see your thought process on that now. And just how you view the cadence for some of those changes layering into the business as far as your driving top line growth over the course of the next 12 months to 18 months? Thank you.
Mark Augusti
Yes. Well, it’s like anything else. Some things are better than expected, some things are not. But in general, we’re on plan and I think as you can tell from messaging here and there’s going to be change and change is always a challenge to manage. So I would say that it’s kind of as anticipated at this point. Thank you, Kyle. Operator, next question.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Lichtman
Thanks. Mark, you talked a lot about the initiatives underway with the commercial organization. I was wondering if the part of that you expect net sales rep addition this year? And if so, about how much growth would you expect in the sales force?
Mark Augusti
So, as you know, we don’t give out our rep numbers, but I can absolutely say we do expect the net addition. Now obviously, you always have unanticipated attrition and whatnot that we have to deal with and we’ll backfill those. But in general, yes, the plan is definitely to have net sales/agent additions.
Paul Weiner
And just to give a little bit more detail on that. We are targeting the third quarter to bring on a number of additional reps.
Steve Lichtman
Okay. And then, just second question just a follow-up on outpatient side. You mentioned hiring someone obviously to lead that effort. But where do you envision that going over the next couple of years? Do you envision a separate sales force calling on the ambulatory surgery centers? How do you see this program working for you generally over the next couple of years?
Mark Augusti
So, yes – no, I don’t envision different sales force at all. As I said, because of our unique selling model, I think we’re well positioned there. But part of what we have to do I think is help be the change agent that can help providers, physicians feel comfortable about outpatient surgery program and we have to be knowledgeable on all the things that it takes to make that program successful. Because we’re all committed – look, we’re all committed to better patient outcomes, and a safe environment for total knee patients that given in outpatient setting.
So that’s why I say this, this role is I see is a coordination role, and frankly helping to refine the marketing message, and then to train our existing sales force about what it means to do outpatient knee surgery. Because you know, it’s not exactly the same as inpatient. And as I go around and talk to physicians, there’s a lot of interest around this, but again, there’s a lot of questions. So that’s kind of the way I envision it. But absolutely, it would be the same sales force, but it will be a tailored kind of targeted message when they’re looking at outpatient opportunities.
Steve Lichtman
Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bruce Nudell
Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Depending upon how you slice the revenue, a portion of that in the U.S. market, it looks like you have 6% to 8% partial knee share on a revenue basis, and 3% to 4% CR share. This quarter there was a decline in that base business and it seems sluggish. Have you guys asymptoted in that sector? Or is it just the sales force is focused on the PS, which is bigger, arrogant revenue opportunity?

Mark Augusti
Well, there’s no doubt that the PS is a bigger aggregate revenue opportunity, Bruce. But it’s a fair question. Look, I don’t think we’ve reached some point where we are falling back, at least that’s not the expectation I have. I think we’ve got a great product in the CR and a great product in the PS. And I think, again, we talked about this in the past, there’s going to be some of our surgeons that move over to PS and I think we’ve kind of seen that play out now in the fifth quarter, so as the PS launch, but we are – but I still think that we have an opportunity in the CR and I’d like to think that as we keep up our commercial performance – or excuse me, improve our commercial performance, we’ll see that not just in PS, but also in the base business.
Bruce Nudell
And just to clarify, when I talked to investors, they routinely push back and say well, the surgeon I talked to said he’s reluctant to use ConforMIS because if it doesn’t work in that particular instance, there’s a big problem and he doesn’t have “bailout”. Could you just speak to the frequency of which that happens? And perhaps also speak to how are you training your surgeons to deal with that probably unlikely circumstance?
Mark Augusti
All right. Well, again, this is a question even in my diligence, I ask myself and it’s certainly a question that’s going to come up, we need think about. What I can say is, when I do my own channel checks with my ConforMIS users, I’m not going to say it’s never happened but we’ve done 50,000 procedures or more to-date and I’d probably can count on less than – well, I can certainly personally count less than one hand the number of times that a surgeon admits to me that there’s been some need to change the surgery during the procedure. So what I would say and what I do say personally to surgeons that are considering trying ConforMIS is, there’s a lot of work in the industry around, if you feel you need a backup plan there for your first few cases, by all means, do that.
But when you talk to any of our longtime users and our high-volume users, it’s just not something that you have to be concerned about. And even in – let’s say, even in traditional knee surgery, things happen that require them to switch systems or to change out that have happened. I would say our occurrence of that is at least, again, I don’t want to say something out on specific study too, but I would say it’s probably not any greater rate than I’m aware of. So I think it’s a fair thing that we have to get over and that’s part of what our sales force deals with everyday. But we’ve got a great product that’s delivering improved outcomes and I think that concern it is worth overcoming to deliver better patient results.
Bruce Nudell
Thanks so much.
Mark Augusti
Thank you, Bruce. Any other questions?
Operator
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen
Hey guys, thanks for taking the follow-up. Mark, I heard you – I think the prepared remarks talk about potential collaboration. I think that’s the first time I have ever heard ConforMIS talk about that. Did I hear correctly? And could you elaborate on what you might be thinking about? Thanks for taking the question.
Mark Augusti
Yes, you did read me right and that probably is maybe a different statement. There’s nothing – certainly nothing that I’m prepared to talk about or nothing that I would say is there. But the point is we are an orthopedic company, we happen to have a different process and different model, but we’re looking to grow the company. So we look at technology opportunities, we look at those opportunities either through acquisition, development opportunities, or we look for partner – partnership opportunities and this can both be insourcing or potentially outsourcing. So nothing Larry I’m afraid to talk about today other than to just to state publicly that we’re considering – things around certainly considering those things and we are looking at them.

Larry Biegelsen
Fair enough. Thanks for taking the question, Mark.
Mark Augusti
Yes.
Operator
We have a follow-up question from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. You line is open. Go ahead.
Bruce Nudell
Hi, Mark. Just one follow-up question. Stryker really highlighted the Mako robot. And both your system and their system have a heavy dose of pre-planning that takes almost a lot of the ambiguity out of every case. You guys go about reducing variability in different ways of course, but their argument with regards to the ultimate superiority of the robot pertains to the fact that they can adjust within the case to any soft tissue anomalies that won’t show up on a CT scan. And could you just speak to the evidence that you have to-date that in fact your implant which is kind of perfect to begin with really doesn’t face much problem in the field in dealing with soft tissue anomalies?
Mark Augusti
Yes, absolutely. So a couple of things. First off, look, I will – I understand that a robot can take the variability out of making a surgical bone cut and I think that’s the real value of that. But at the end of the day Stryker is still focused on trying to make a challenging surgery better, the reason why the surgery is challenging is because the surgeon is using a tool that’s 30 years old; they’re using an ill-fitting L-shaped implant.
At ConforMIS, we are taking modern technology and we’re creating a better implant that is matched to the patient’s anatomy. And as a result, as we’ve seen in papers that have reported this or certainly posters reported this, we have less of these soft tissue releases. When you have to re-cut or redo something, it’s because you’ve got a problem with alignment o rotation, you’ve got a problem with fit. They’re going to have to do that more often; and so, yes, the robot is going to help them do that. Our system, the incidence of having to do that as reported in these posters is much less.
Now having said that, we still have to have a good surgeon and a well trained surgeon put our implant in. And if it cuts off a millimeter or two, we have ability in our iJig for them to be able to make that adjustment when they go. But the number of times they have to do either a ligament release or some type of an adjustment on cut, especially an adjustment on cut is very, very rare. And we feel like at the end of the day they get a better outcome and we think that our solution what we’re providing will be a much bigger improvement over historical or traditional off-the-knee – off-the-shelf knee surgery than the robot will provide, I will allow that.
Hopefully they’ll demonstrate it through their own clinical trials and their own research, and not just kind of anecdotal information. But I will allow that robot should allow for more reproducible cuts. That is the whole question about the health economic value of that, but I’ll leave that for the robot companies to decide at this point. But it’s a great question, Bruce, and we think we’ve got a better mousetrap, as it relates to that.
Bruce Nudell
Thanks so much.
Operator
Thank you. And this does conclude today’s Q&A session. This also does conclude today’s program. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CFMS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Today, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsGalmed Pharmaceuticals: Buy On WeaknessGLMD• Yesterday, 11:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 CommentsMannKind: Assessing The Insurance Landscape For AfrezzaMNKD• Yesterday, 9:22 PM • Spencer Osborne•21 CommentsADMA Biologics Follows Up On RI-002ADMA• Yesterday, 9:17 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsHerbalife: Shareholders Should Take Profits NowHLF• Yesterday, 9:06 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•18 CommentsEXACT Sciences Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEXAS• Yesterday, 8:30 PM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMGN• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA TranscriptsDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Yesterday, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Yesterday, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•9 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•4 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Yesterday, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Yesterday, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•6 CommentsSamsung Leaps Into Its First U.S. Biosimilars BattleJNJ, MRK, PFE• Yesterday, 3:43 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGilead: Q2 Earnings PreviewGILD• Yesterday, 3:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•25 CommentsAiming For A New Angle On Liquid BiopsyANPCY• Yesterday, 3:38 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentMerck's Keynote Falls Flat, And That's Just FineMRK• Yesterday, 3:34 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGenocea Biosciences's (GNCA) Conference Call On Positive GEN-003 Phase 2b Results - SlideshowGNCA• Yesterday, 3:32 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Yesterday, 3:03 PM • Strong BioVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Yesterday, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•11 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Yesterday, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•17 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Yesterday, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•11 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Yesterday, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•5 CommentsEli Lilly and Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLY• Yesterday, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsBiogen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBIIB• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsAbbVie's Long Shot At Proving Rova-T Doubters WrongABBV• Yesterday, 7:29 AM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsLilly Hopes To Bloom Through Nektar AttractionLLY, NKTR• Yesterday, 7:22 AM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Yesterday, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•2 Comments3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsQ2 Earnings Should Be The Catalyst For Valeant's Next Leg HigherVRX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • Michael Lynch•86 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•74 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•32 CommentsReata Pharmaceuticals (RETA) Cardinal Phase 2 Results And Update - SlideshowRETA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•39 CommentsHerbalife: When An EPS Raise Isn't Really A RaiseHLF• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:05 PM • Gary Milne•17 CommentsMerck: A Slow Growth Income Play With Moderate Growth PotentialMRK• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:11 PM • William Stamm•11 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:05 PM • Gaurao Bhade•1 CommentZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•14 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Dynavax Technologies' Moment Of Truth ArrivesCNCE, CYTX, DVAX• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:52 AM • Bret Jensen•21 CommentsParatek Puts Skin In The Infection GamePRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:24 AM • Strong Bio•28 CommentsAnthem: Tread Carefully Into EarningsANTM• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:20 AM • Benjamin HandlerSnippet Roundup: A Lingering Lingo And 2 More U.S. Green LightsGILD, JNJ, PRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:41 AM • EP VantageData Put A Dent In Ironwood's Expansion PlansIRWD• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:26 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentUpdates To Syros Pharmaceuticals ThesisSYRS• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:02 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 23, 2017BMY, KITE, MRK• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•8 CommentsAmgen And Novartis: First Mover Advantage Is A MustAMGN, NVS• Sun, Jul. 23, 2:21 AM • Long Term Bio•2 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•9 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•13 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•3 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•73 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•18 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•20 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•17 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdams•3 CommentsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•9 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•3 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•27 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•13 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•52 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•98 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•60 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•18 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer Osborne•1 CommentIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA Transcripts123456...468Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•30 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 

ConforMIS Inc (CFMS.O)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















ConforMIS Inc (CFMS.O)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CFMS.O on Nasdaq


				5.39USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.64


					            (+13.47%)
					        






Prev Close

$4.75


Open

$4.78




Day's High

$5.45


Day's Low

$4.75




Volume

1,780,451


Avg. Vol

293,460




52-wk High

$10.93


52-wk Low

$3.79











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Kenneth Fallon

77
2016

                                Independent Chairman of the Board




							Mark Augusti

51
2016

                                President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Paul Weiner

53
2014

                                Chief Financial Officer




							Dan Krupp


2017

                                Senior Vice President - U.S. Sales




							Daniel Steines

48
2014

                                Chief Technology Officer




							David Cerveny

50
2008

                                Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel




							Philipp Lang

54
2016

                                Director




							Bradley Langdale

52
2008

                                Independent Director




							Colm Lanigan

51
2013

                                Independent Director




							Richard Meelia

68
2015

                                Independent Director




							Michael Milligan

53
2011

                                Independent Director




							Aditya Puri

46
2011

                                Independent Director




							Oksana Bradley


2017

                                Investor Relations



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Kenneth Fallon


					
							Mr. Kenneth Fallon, III., is Independent Chairman of the Board of the Company. Mr. Fallon served as an advisor to Kairos Partners, an investment firm. Mr. Fallon retired as the chairman of the board of Axya Medical, Inc., a medical device company, in March 2003. Prior to that, Mr. Fallon also served as the chief executive officer of Axya Medical, Inc.; as president of the surgical business at Haemonetics Corporation, a manufacturer of blood processing technology; as chief executive officer and chairman of the board of UltraCision, Inc., a developer and manufacturer of ultrasonically powered surgical instruments; as president and chief executive officer of American Surgical Technologies Corporation, a company that manufactures laparoscopic viewing systems; as president, U.S. operations of Zimmer, Inc., a joint replacement company and then a subsidiary of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; as president of Zimmer's Orthopaedic Implant Division and as its vice president of marketing and positions of significant responsibility with the Codman and Orthopaedic Divisions of Johnson & Johnson, a global healthcare company. Mr. Fallon also served as a member of the board of directors of Osteotech, Inc.,a company that produces bone graft materials for spinal procedures, between 1995 and 2010, including serving as chairman from April 2005 to August 2010, until it was acquired by Medtronic, Inc. Mr. Fallon has a B.B.A. degree in marketing from the University of Massachusetts and an M.B.A. from Northeastern University.




							Mark Augusti


					
							Mr. Mark A. Augusti is President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of the Company. Mr. Augusti’s 27-year business career has been marked with executive management responsibility in medical technology sales, marketing and general management. Mr. Augusti joined Integra LifeSciences Corporation (Integra) in April 2014 and is Integra’s Corporate Vice President and President of Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies. Mr. Augusti is responsible for the management of the Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies global division which includes spine and extremity implants, orthobiologics, tissue products, and the private label business. His responsibilities include U.S. commercial leadership, global portfolio management, evaluation of corporate development opportunities and overall strategic direction. Prior to joining Integra, Mr. Augusti served as Chief Executive Officer at Bioventus LLC, from May 2012 to August 2013, and was a member of the company’s Board of Directors during the same period. Prior to that Mr. Augusti spent nine years with Smith & Nephew Inc., from April 2003 to April 2012, in a series of leadership roles, including President of Smith & Nephew’s Biologic Division, where he was appointed to lead Smith & Nephew’s new biologics initiative. He also served as Smith & Nephew’s President of the Orthopaedic Trauma & Clinical Therapies Global Business and Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Trauma business. In 2000, Mr. Augusti joined J.P. Morgan Securities as a Vice President in the Private Funds group. Prior to that, from 1987 to 2000, he spent 13 years at GE Medical Systems Inc., where he held various sales, marketing and strategic management roles, both in the U.S. and internationally. Mr. Augusti received his M.B.A. from the UCLA Anderson School of Management and his B.S. in Computer Science and Economics from Duke University.




							Paul Weiner


					
							Mr. Paul S. Weiner is Chief Financial Officer of the company. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Weiner spent 18 years at Palomar Medical Technologies, Inc., or Palomar, a company engaged in research, development, manufacturing and sales of medical laser devices for aesthetic treatments, prior to its acquisition by Cynosure, Inc. He served in a number of roles at Palomar, including corporate controller, vice president of finance and, finally, chief financial officer, a position he held for 11 years. Prior to Palomar, Mr. Weiner was the chief financial officer at Hygenetics Environmental Services, Inc., an environmental consulting company, and worked in public accounting for Ernst & Young and Wolf & Company. Mr. Weiner is a Certified Public Accountant and has a B.S. in Accounting from Bryant University.




							Dan Krupp


					
							Mr. Dan Krupp serves as Senior Vice President - U.S. Sales of the Company. Mr. Krupp has more than 20 years of sales and marketing experience in medical devices and total joint arthroplasty. From 2002-2014, he held positions of increasing responsibility at DePuy Synthes, developing and executing sales strategies and managing multiple new product launches. Most recently, he was Vice President, Sales and Marketing, at JACE Medical, where he successfully managed the development and execution of a range of corporate and product branding initiatives.




							Daniel Steines


					
							Dr. Daniel Steines, M.D., M.S. is Chief Technology Officer of the Company. From July 2004 to June 2014, he was our Senior Vice President of Research & Development. Prior to joining us, he served as the Senior Vice President of Research & Development for ImaTx, Inc., one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, from September 2001 to July 2004, where he was responsible for the development of image analysis applications for the diagnosis of osteoarthritis and osteoporosis. Prior to that, he held research positions at Stanford University and The Charité, Universitätsmedizin in Berlin, working in the areas of new imaging techniques to assess osteoarthritis and articular cartilage as well as novel medical video applications. Dr. Steines has an M.S. in computer science from the Technical University and an M.D. from the Technical University of Aachen.




							David Cerveny


					
							Mr. David Cerveny is Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel of the Company. since october 2008. Prior to joining us, Mr. Cerveny was the chief intellectual property counsel for Palomar, where he managed an extensive patent portfolio, active patent litigation and licensing strategy. He also was previously a partner at Hale and Dorr LLP, now Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, and an associate at Proskauer Rose LLP. Prior to law school, Mr. Cerveny worked as a systems engineer developing flight control systems for McDonnell Douglas Corporation, an aerospace manufacturing corporation now part of The Boeing Company. Mr. Cerveny has a B.S. in biomedical engineering from Marquette University and a J.D. from Boston College Law School.




							Philipp Lang


					
							Dr. Philipp Lang, M.D., is Director of the Company. He is no longer President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of the Company, effective November 14, 2016. He is founder and has served on board of directors since March 2004, including as Chairman of our board of directors from March 2004 to February 2015. He has also served as Chief Executive Officer since January 2008. He was also the founder of ImaTx, Inc., one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, which focuses on osteoporosis screening. He previously held positions as the director of the musculoskeletal radiology unit at Brigham and Women's Hospital and Associate Professor at Harvard Medical School from September 2001 to September 2008 and as Distinguished Weissman Chair from May 2006 to September 2008. Dr. Lang has an M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles Anderson School of Management and an M.D. from Albert-Ludwigs University, Freiburg School of Medicine in Germany. Dr. Lang has provided strategic leadership as an inventor of technology underlying more than 300 patents and patent applications in the United States and abroad.




							Bradley Langdale


					
							Mr. Bradley R Langdale is Independent Director of the company. From February 1996 until his retirement from active employment in December 2007, Mr. Langdale served in various roles at Masimo Corporation, a noninvasive monitoring technology company, including executive vice president, chief financial officer and executive vice president, chief marketing officer. In addition, Mr. Langdale previously served as director of finance for CareLine, Inc., an emergency medical services provider; manager of financial forecasting for Sunrise Company, a private real estate development company; and as a senior accountant for Price Waterhouse & Company LLP (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP), a global professional services organization. Mr. Langdale is a Certified Public Accountant and has a B.A. in Economics/Business from the University of California, Los Angeles.




							Colm Lanigan


					
							Mr. Colm C. Lanigan is Independent Director of the company. Since October 2012, Mr. Lanigan has been a senior investment professional at the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, a sovereign wealth fund and parent company of Procific. From February 2006 to July 2011, Mr. Lanigan served as the chief executive officer at Tara Technologies Corporation, a manufacturing company in the semiconductor, aerospace, energy and medical markets, which was subsequently acquired by EnPro Industries, Inc. His prior experience includes service as Managing Director at Caxton-Iseman Capital, a private equity fund, and as a managing partner at Tara Capital Management, a hedge fund sponsor. Mr. Lanigan has a B.Sc. from the University of Toronto and a J.D./L.L.B. from the University of Toronto Law School.




							Richard Meelia


					
							Mr. Richard J. Meelia is Independent Director of the company. Mr. Milligan has served as president and chief executive officer at Axel Johnson Inc., a private industrial and investment company. Prior to joining Axel Johnson Inc., Mr. Milligan spent 17 years as a partner and member of the board of directors of Monitor Group, a global consulting and merchant banking firm. In addition, Mr. Milligan is chairman of the board of directors of Sprague Resources Limited Partners, a supplier of energy and materials handling services in the Northeast United States and is a member of the board of directors of Cadence Inc., a supplier of advanced products, technologies and services to medical, life science, automotive, and industrial companies, Decisyon Inc., an enterprise software company, Kinetico Incorporated, a residential and commercial water treatment systems provider, Parkson Corporation, a provider of engineered solutions for municipal and industrial water treatment, and Walk2Campus Holdings, LLC, a real estate investment company providing student housing in proximity to public universities. Mr. Milligan has an A.B. from Bowdoin College and an M.B.A. from Harvard University.




							Michael Milligan


					
							Mr. Michael D. Milligan is Independent Director of the Company. Since October 2002, Mr. Milligan has served as president and chief executive officer at Axel Johnson Inc., a private industrial and investment company. Prior to joining Axel Johnson Inc., Mr. Milligan spent 17 years as a partner and member of the board of directors of Monitor Group, a global consulting and merchant banking firm. In addition, Mr. Milligan is chairman of the board of directors of Sprague Resources Limited Partners, a supplier of energy and materials handling services in the Northeast United States and is a member of the board of directors of Cadence Inc., a supplier of advanced products, technologies and services to medical, life science, automotive, and industrial companies, Decisyon Inc., an enterprise software company, Kinetico Incorporated, a residential and commercial water treatment systems provider, Parkson Corporation, a provider of engineered solutions for municipal and industrial water treatment, and Walk2Campus Holdings, LLC, a real estate investment company providing student housing in proximity to public universities. Mr. Milligan has an A.B. from Bowdoin College and an M.B.A. from Harvard University.




							Aditya Puri


					
							Mr. Aditya Puri is Independent Director of the Company. Mr. Puri has served as an investments director at Xeraya Capital, which is responsible for life sciences investments for Khazanah Nasional Berhad, the Malaysian government's strategic investment fund, since October 2012. Previously, he was a director in Khazanah Nasional's Life Sciences group since November 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Puri consulted part-time in the greater Boston area for various healthcare and cleantech startups affiliated with Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, or MIT, from August 2009 to September 2011. Previously, Mr. Puri also served as managing director of global development at Salary.com, a skills management software company, and as a vice president of the Yankee Group, an information technology research and advisory company. Mr. Puri serves on several boards of directors of private companies in the investment and healthcare fields, including Viewray Incorporated, a medical device company. Mr. Puri has a B.S. from the University of Southern Maine and an M.B.A. from the MIT Sloan School of Management.




							Oksana Bradley














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Kenneth Fallon

--




							Mark Augusti

1,472,220




							Paul Weiner

990,083




							Dan Krupp

--




							Daniel Steines

998,196




							David Cerveny

--




							Philipp Lang

1,717,580




							Bradley Langdale

--




							Colm Lanigan

--




							Richard Meelia

--




							Michael Milligan

--




							Aditya Puri

--




							Oksana Bradley

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Kenneth Fallon

0
0




							Mark Augusti

0
0




							Paul Weiner

0
0




							Dan Krupp

0
0




							Daniel Steines

0
0




							David Cerveny

0
0




							Philipp Lang

0
0




							Bradley Langdale

0
0




							Colm Lanigan

0
0




							Richard Meelia

0
0




							Michael Milligan

0
0




							Aditya Puri

0
0




							Oksana Bradley

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Langdale (Bradley R)
6,722
$4.30


Fallon (Kenneth P Iii)
21,033
$0.00


Johnston (Philip W)
42,065
$0.00


Cerveny (David)
44,814
$0.00


Langdale (Bradley R)
21,033
$0.00


Steines (Daniel M.D.)
44,814
$0.00


Augusti (Mark A)
95,602
$0.00


Meelia (Richard J)
21,033
$0.00


Weiner (Paul S)
47,801
$0.00


Steines (Daniel M.D.)
5,000
$5.54


Steines (Daniel M.D.)
5,000
$5.00


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
19,011
$5.26


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
44,140
$4.32


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
18,181
$5.50


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
31,194
$8.60


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
106,774
$8.60


Steines (Daniel M.D.)
3,579
$8.57


Cerveny (David)
3,569
$8.59


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
46,504
$8.60


Weiner (Paul S)
2,676
$8.42


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
7,930
$5.50


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
49,479
$8.60


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
4,792
$5.26


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
12,722
$8.60


Lang (Philipp M.D.)
43,534
$5.26




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution































Mark Augusti | ConforMIS Inc | Email CEO @conformis.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    ConforMIS Inc





conformis.com





600 Technology Park Drive                 
                 
Billerica, MA 01821
Phone: 781-345-9001
Fax: 781-345-0147










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

250 - 499

Revenue: 

20 - 50 Million

Industry:  
                    Biotech/Healthcare->Medical Equipment                
SIC Code:  
                     3841  - Surgical and Medical Instruments
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All Computer Security
DB Systems
Hardware
IDE
Productivity
Programming Languages








Titanium



Titanium
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Oracle



Oracle
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Hardware Development



Hardware Development
General Match



Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
AudioVideo
CDN
CMS
Other










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






Marin Software
Marin Software is a publicly traded company that provides advertisers and digital marketing agencies a web-based management platform to manage revenue acquisition through online advertising campaigns.






Wistia
Wistia provides professional video hosting. Engage your prospects, customers, and employees with video.



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            July 13, 2017 - New Hire
 NameTitleDan  KruppSVP US Sales
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Paul Weiner                                    

Title: CFO








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Mark Augusti                                    

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Daniel Steines                                    

Title: CTO








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Rick Paxton                                    

Title: VP Sales, Eastern U.S. and Area Vice President Southeast U.S.








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Dan Krupp                                    

Title: SVP US Sales








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        John Slamin                                    

Title: SVP Knee Implant Engineering








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Carolyn Bonaceto                                    

Title: Director of Imaging Services








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Emmanuel Nyakako                                    

Title: SVP Quality and Regulatory Affairs








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        David Cerveny                                    

Title: Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Chris Mills                                    

Title: Document Control Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Irving Allen                                    

Title: Business Process Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Adam Hayden                                    

Title: Sr. Vice President, Sales & Marketing







                         No Email Avail                            
Sales - Marketing

export








Showing 1 to 
                12                                

                                    of 257 entries            

 Free Trial to view full entries 







 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Have you been searching for ConforMIS Inc's contact information for hours? Have you been trying to find ConforMIS Inc's domain format email  addresses?. ConforMIS Inc is a Medical equipment and is based in Billerica, MA and more information like linkedin facts, phone numbers, cfo executives and facebook profiles can be found within the Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@conformis.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Mark Augusti
For ConforMIS Inc email addresses with the @conformis.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Mark Augusti, you may check in ConforMIS Inc's Lead411 profile. Mark Augusti is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer for ConforMIS Inc. The company's CEO is Mark Augusti. The contact information of ConforMIS Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Medical equipment. Their main offices are in Billerica, MA.  Some possible email formats for Mark Augusti are MAugusti@conformis.com, Mark.Augusti@conformis.com, Mark@conformis.com, and Mark_Augusti@conformis.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@conformis.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
ABIOMED, Inc.
This member of the Medical equipment industry is located in Danvers, MA and you can find important contact information regarding significant company contacts on their Lead411 profile like linkedin, phone numbers, facebook and cfo details. The profile also contains ABIOMED, Inc. email addresses which have a domain of @abiomed.com format.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@abiomed.com addresses.
Hologic, Inc
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Hologic, Inc, a Medical equipment company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Hologic, Inc's CEO Jack Cumming, and other Hologic, Inc email format addresses within the @hologic.com domain. Hologic, Inc is based in Bedford, MA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@hologic.com addresses.
Analogic Corporation
Analogic Corporation, is in the Medical equipment industry. Their main office can be found in Peabody, MA, and they can be contacted through Analogic Corporation email using the domain @analogic.com format, some important contact information like linkedin data, phone numbers, contacts for cfos, etc of which can be found on their Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@analogic.com addresses.




Company Directory > ConforMIS Inc




















ConforMIS' (CFMS) CEO Mark Augusti on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»ConforMIS' (CFMS) CEO Mark Augusti on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptFeb.15.17 | About: ConforMIS (CFMS) ConforMIS, Inc. (NASDAQ:CFMS)
Q4 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call
February 15, 2017 4:30 p.m. ET
Executives
Mark Augusti - President and Chief Executive Officer
Paul Weiner - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Allen Gong - J.P. Morgan
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer
Bruce Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator
Good afternoon. My name is Terrence. I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to ConforMIS Fourth Quarter and Fiscal year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines haves been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session.
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that management will make statements during this call that include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities law, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained in this call that are not statements of historical facts should be considered to be forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements about ConforMIS' strategy, future operations, future financial position and results, gross margin, operating trends, financial guidance, market growth, total revenue and revenue mix by product and geography, the potential impact and advantages of using customized implants, business initiatives, milestones and priorities, and potential new products are based upon based upon current estimates and various assumptions. These statements involve material risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to materially differ from those anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements, including those discussed in the Risk Factors section of the ConforMIS' public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
While ConforMIS may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, ConforMIS disclaims any obligation, except as required by law, to update or revise any financial projections and forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. This conference call contains time sensitive information and is accurate only as of the live broadcast today, February 15, 2017.
I will now turn the call over to Mark Augusti, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer. Mark?
Mark Augusti
Thank you, Terrence, and welcome everyone to ConforMIS' fourth quarter and year-end 2016 earnings conference call. With me on the call today is our CFO, Paul Weiner.
In terms of a brief agenda, Paul and I will share our prepared remarks on a variety of topics including of course our fourth quarter financial and operating performance, our financial outlook and guidance for 2017 which we introduced in this afternoon's press release, and the company's near-term strategic priorities and key milestones. Additionally, I thought it might would be helpful if I shared my thoughts on what attracted me to this position, where I have been spending my time and efforts since joining the company, and what I have learned in the first 12 weeks as CEO.
Following the prepared remarks, Paul and I look forward to answering your questions. We have a lot to cover this afternoon so let's dive in. Before turning to our fourth quarter and year-end results, I would like to briefly review my initial experiences since joining as CEO on November 14 and share my high level thoughts on our strategic roadmap going forward.
In my first few months I have been meeting with people throughout the organization and acquaint myself with the business. I have also spent a fair amount of time with customers and other stakeholders such as investors, suppliers, etcetera. Many of these discussions have highlighted areas of excellence and differentiating for the company, as well as certain areas where we have opportunities for improvement. I was attracted to this position for multiple reasons and these discussions have confirmed many of them.

First, ConforMIS has incredibly differentiated technology and capabilities that are making a difference to patient outcome. Second, our highly differentiated technology is supported by two important factors. Strong IP portfolio and a large and growing body of clinical evidence, which together give me confidence in our long-term growth opportunity. Our growing body of evidence demonstrates that ConforMIS implants can deliver significant economic savings over traditional implants.
Third, we have a solid customer clinician loyalty. I have connected with many of our customers. I am awed by the amazing stories they have related to me. Those I have spoken with are convinced that ConforMIS is enabling them to deliver better outcomes than they were getting with off the shelf technology.
And finally our patients. Our technology and business model is still easily marketable in today's digital enabled society. The ability for ConforMIS to speak directly to patients about the benefits of our iFit technology is so well aligned with today's active and informed community of healthcare consumers. There is no better example of this then the two new programs we are in the process of rolling out. Our patient ambassador program, which has the ability to connect prospective patients to ConforMIS with existing ConforMIS patients. And then our track the implant program where patients can track their implants being designed, manufactured and shipped to the OR.
In terms of some potential opportunities for the company, first, we want to strengthen and continuously improve our commercial execution. While we have done some things well was clear to me during my initial reviews but there are a few gaps and areas for improvement. We will continue to invest in our selling infrastructure and we are establishing clear strategic priorities. Our management team will be tasked with insuring that we execute our priorities and that resources are allocated to those highest priorities in our strategic plan.
Second, improvement of the company's gross margin will be a point of emphasis. My early assessments suggest that we have identified the significant opportunities for margin improvement that are in the process of being resourced and implemented. Now we just need to execute on those. Over time we believe that we can steadily achieve significant higher gross margins. I will discuss thoughts on how we possibly execute with each of these as part of my commentary on strategic priorities later in the call.
Before turning the call over to Paul, I want to share a few considerations regarding our revenue guidance for 2017, which we introduced in the press release this afternoon.
There are a few considerations highly to investors as you evaluate those expectations for the year. First, 2017 will be a transition year for the commercial team. I anticipate many changes as we develop, communicate and execute a more targeted commercial strategy. While we don’t anticipate large changes to the existing selling team, I do anticipate additional adds both in employee and rest in agents and that we will manage these resources differently then we have in the past.
In order to capitalize on the opportunity in front of us and accelerate surgeon adoption, this will be an investment year with plans to accelerate spending on commercialization activities. However, the impact from these activities will not be immediate. The second item impacting our 2017 growth is an unexpected change in the reimbursement of our iUni and iDuo partial implants in Germany. In December it was announced that the reimbursement for customized partial knee procedures will be reimbursed at the same rate as the off the shelf partial knee procedures beginning January 2017. Through 2016, hospitals were receiving a premium reimbursement on our partial implant. We expect that this will adversely affect sales of our partial knee replacements in Germany.

With that, let me turn the call over to Paul for a detailed review of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 results and our 2017 guidance. Paul?
Paul Weiner
Thank you, Mark. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased $2.6 million to $21.7 million, or 14% year-over-year on a reported and constant currency basis as compared to the fourth quarter 2015. Total revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016 and 2015 includes royalty revenue of approximately $200,000 related to patent license agreements.
Fourth quarter product revenue increased $2.6 million to $21.4 million or 14% year-over-year on a reported and constant currency basis. U.S. product revenue increased $3.1 million to $17.7 million or 21% year-over-year. Rest of world product revenue decreased $478,000 to $3.7 million or 11% year-over-year on a reported basis and decreased 8% on a constant currency basis. This year-over-year decrease in rest of the world revenue was primarily due to fourth quarter 2015 being positively affected by rescheduled cases from the third quarter 2015 into the fourth quarter of '15 due to our recall in September of 2015.
As detailed in our press release this afternoon, fourth quarter product revenue from sales of iTotal CR, iDuo and iUni decreased $300,000 to $16.8 million or 2% year-over-year on a reported basis and decreased 1% on a constant currency basis. This year-over-year decrease in base business revenue was primarily due to fourth quarter 2015 being positively affected by rescheduled cases from the recall. Fourth quarter product revenue from sales of our iTotal PS increased $2.9 million to $4.6 million or 167% year-over-year on a reported and constant currency basis.
Fourth quarter U.S. product revenue represented 83% of total product revenue compared to 78% of total product revenue in the same quarter of 2015. Fourth quarter rest of the world product revenue represented 17% of total product revenue compared to 22% of total product revenue in the same quarter of 2015. Total fourth quarter revenue was impacted by approximately $124,000 due to changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the prior year.
Turning to a review of our results across the rest of the P&L. Fourth quarter gross margin was 37% of total revenue compared to 33% of total revenue in the same quarter of 2015. The increase in gross margin compared to the prior year was driven primarily by higher product revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. Gross margin included $700,000 in unused product or 3% of product revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to $700,000 in unused product or 4% of product revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015.
Historically the cost of unused product has averaged approximately 4% of product revenue with modest volatility in this item on a quarter-to-quarter basis over time. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased $874,000 to $22 million or 4.1% year-over-year. Sales and marketing expense accounted for $49,000 of that increase. R&D expense decreased $646,000 or 14% compared to last year and general and administrative expense increased $1.4 million or 23% year-over-year due primarily to patent litigation expense, [indiscernible] consultant expense and severance and other expenses related to the CEO transition.
Net loss was $15.7 million or $0.37 per share compared to $15 million or $0.37 per share for the same period last year. For the 12 month period ended December 31, total revenue increased $13 million to $79.9 million or 19% year-over-year on a reported basis and 20% on a constant currency basis. This growth was driven by an increase in product revenue of $16.1 million or 26% on a reported basis and 27% on a constant currency basis, offset by a $3.1 million decrease in royalty revenue due to lump sum payments received upon the signing of patent license agreements in the second quarter of 2015.

U.S. product revenue increased $15.1 million to $62.3 million or 32% year-over-year. Rest of world product revenue increased $1 million to $16.6 million or 6% year-over-year on a reported basis and increased 10% on a constant currency basis. Total 2016 was impacted by approximately $535,000 due to changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the prior year. Gross margins for the 12 months of 2016 was 33% of total revenue compared to 33% of total revenue in the prior year. Prior year included 500 basis points in gross margin related to royalty revenue, resulting in product gross margin in 2016 of 33% compared to 28% in 2015.
Gross margin included $3.5 million in unused product while 4% of product revenue in 2016 as compared to $2.7 million in unused product or 4% of product revenue in 2015. Net loss from the 12 months period was $57.6 million or $1.39 per share for 2016 compared to a net loss of $57.2 million or $2.60 per share for 2015. Net loss per basic share calculations assume weighted average basic shares outstanding of $41.5 million for 2016 compared to $22 million in the same period last year. The increase in shares related to the issuance of shares in the 2015 initial public offering and the conversion of outstanding shares of preferred stock into shares of common stock.
Turning to a discussion of our 2017 financial guidance which we introduced in this afternoon's press release. For the full year 2017, the company expects total revenue in a range of $80 million to $84 million, representing year-over-year growth of zero to 5% on a reported basis and 1% to 6% on a constant currency basis. The company's 2017 revenue guidance assumes the following. Total revenue includes royalty revenue of approximately $800,000 related to ongoing patent license royalty revenue. Product revenue in a range of $79 million to $83 million representing year-over-year growth of zero to 5% on a reported basis and 1% to 6% on a constant currency basis.
Our product revenue constant currency growth of 1% to 6% assumes growth at the midpoint of our guidance in the high single digit percentage and a decline at the midpoint of our guidance, and the rest of the world in the high teens on a constant currency basis. Let me provide some additional color regarding our 2017 product revenue growth which is impacted from two items of note.
First, as discussed during our first quarter 2016 earnings call, those results benefitted from delayed surgeries due to the recall in 2015. We estimate that this is to be -- this is approximately $3.8 million in sales primarily related to the reduction of order lead times from 8 weeks to 6 weeks and to a lesser extent, the rescheduled cases, impacting our 2017 product revenue growth by approximately 500 basis points. Second, due to the change in the customized partial knee replacement reimbursement code in Germany effective January 2017, our 2017 expectations for product revenue in rest of the world have been lowered by approximately $3.4 million. We expect the change in the customized partial knee replacement reimbursement code in Germany to negatively impact our 2017 product revenue growth by approximately 400 basis points.
Absent these items, our guidance this year would be a 10% to 15% growth rate on a constant currency basis. For the full year 2017, the company expects total gross margin in the range of 36% to 38% as compared to 33% in 2016. For modeling purposes, for the full year 2017 we expect, as Mark mentioned earlier, this is an investment year with plans to accelerate spending on commercialization activities. We expect this additional investment to increase our sales and marketing expense by approximately 15% over 2016.
Patent litigation expense of approximately $5.7 million, an increase from $2.9 million in 2016. This increase is primarily related to the inter-parties review proceedings initiated in conjunction with our patent litigation against Smith & Nephew. [Staff] [ph] compensation expense of approximately $6 million and fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding with EPS purposes of approximately $43.5 million shares. Although we are not in the practice of providing quarterly revenue guidance, given the extent to which the first quarter of 2016 revenue was positively affected by the reduction in order lead times and rescheduled cases related to the recall, and the change in the customized partial knee replacement reimbursement code in Germany, we felt that it would be prudent for year-over-year comparative purposes to share our expectations for revenue in the first quarter of 2017 based on both the procedures that have already taken place and the visibility into orders we had in hand for the balance of the quarter.

Accordingly, we expect total revenue in the range of $17.7 million to $18.7 million, representing year-over-year total revenue decline of 13% to 8% on a reported basis and 12% to 7% on a constant currency basis. In conjunction with this year-over-year decline in revenue, we expect our first quarter gross margin to come in below the same period last year or up 33%. With that, I will turn the call back to Mark.
Mark Augusti
Thanks, Paul. While I am not in a position to provide a comprehensive strategic plan after only a few weeks, I would like to provide some early thoughts.
As I mentioned previously 2017 will be a year for transition for ConforMIS as I look to reposition the company for longer term growth and profitability. While I am not yet ready to get very granular, I can identify four strategic priorities at ConforMIS. Early in the call I mentioned two of them. Namely, we have opportunities to strengthen our commercial execution and improve our gross margin. In addition, we will look to invest in our people through training and talent management and we will look to innovate into new markets with new products.
For every new product, I am reviewing various new product opportunities including the hip project. While we do not plan to confirm or give more detail about our new product pipeline I can confirm that we will continue to pursue the hip regulatory clearance. However, actual commercialization plans remain under review. Now let me provide a little more color on the first two priorities, namely strengthen our commercial execution and improve our gross margin.
First, I see a need for us to establish a ConforMIS commercial playbook. A playbook that better defines our commercial strategy, includes an enhanced focus around out-patient surgery, cost economics and consumer awareness. As we grow our business and increase market share, we have to develop plans for establishing better relations with the surgeon training community as we look to include ConforMIS surgical concepts in the training curriculum of the next generation of [indiscernible] surgeons. We will be looking to hire specific talent that will focus on these areas.
Second, we thought it would be helpful to provide some additional details on our gross margin initiative. While our iJig manufacturing process has been 100% vertically integrated for some time using 3D printing, most of our implant component manufacturing is outsourced. This is expected for companies of our size. However, it means that ConforMIS fares high material cost with or vendors limiting our gross margin expansion. We are making significant progress with our vertical integration strategy.
We completed the in-sourcing of metal tibial trays for iTotal CR and iTotal PS at the end of 2016. Moreover, our in-sourcing plans for the poly-inserts of iTotal CR are scheduled to take effect in 2017 with iTotal PS can follow in early 2018. We expect that this will yield a gross margin improvement in the second half of '17 and continue into 2018. We have also made significant progress with the development of new processes for the 3D printing of our patient specific iJig using 3D [nylon] [ph] printers. These programs are focused on 3D print cycle time reduction and powder utilization optimization which we believe will translate into additional gross margin improvement as well as enhance utilization of our existing fleet of 3D printers.
We believe this will reduce our capital outlays for 3D printers in 2017 and onwards. We have made additional progress with our design software programs in CAD automation which we believe will yield further gross margin expansion in '17 and '18. We are preparing for our multiyear plan to off shore some of our CAD design work starting in 2017, which will provide additional gross margin expansion due to reductions in labor cost.

Last but not least, volume in increased overhead absorption is the third driver of our gross margin expansion strategy in addition to reductions in material and labor cost. We believe volume in increased overhead absorption will continue to contribute to gross margin expansion over the next several years. In short, we are seeing steady progress in our operational programs which we believe will yield progressive improvements in gross margin in '17 and '18 and continue the incremental improvements in future years.
So in conclusion, we have a great team here at ConforMIS, both in the field and at headquarters that wakes up everyday looking to help our customers and our patients. We love talking about our value and telling our story. Our technology is slowing reaching out across orthopedics and touching many lives. We are into this business for the long haul and believe we have the vision that will result in improved outcome and an overall lower cost. Thank you. So back over to the operator, Terrence, and we will take questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Allen Gong from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Allen Gong
This is Allen on for Mike. So just to start off, a quick one, how much was the FX headwind in the quarter. I know you said it, but I missed it.
Paul Weiner
Yes. It was around $125,000, I believe. $125,000, yes.
Allen Gong
Okay. And also this was really kind of the first quarter where you broke out growth rates for your base, the CR, Duo, Uni business by geography. And it kind of, based on what I am calculating, kind of implies O-U.S. for your PS business of around $0.5 million. Would you say that was around, like flat with your third quarter results?
Mark Augusti
No, I think we had an increase in the PS O-U.S. as well. Certainly not to the extent that we have in U.S. but there is some growth in the O-U.S. business as well on the PS.
Allen Gong
Okay. And just to kind of close it up. So one of the goals that your really kind of outlined for the first time at the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference was really to improve the profitability of your business and you mentioned that again today, you are aiming for 38% by the end of next year. But you were really talking about a push to 60% gross margin over the next four to five years with the majority of improvement towards that, actually in 2017 to 2018. So do you think you are still on track with that or do you think that goal has kind of pushed out a bit further.
Mark Augusti
Yes. Allen, we definitely still have that as our target and we think we will be able to achieve it in that time frame.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kristen Stewart
I was wondering if we could just go over the revenue and product sales guidance. And I appreciate the breakouts in terms of how much the estimated was the delay in surgery from the prior 1Q '16 and then the Germany impact. But even absent that, you are still looking at 10% to 15% growth in this year. Clearly, I guess I don’t know what the adjusted number would have been but it seems like it would have been a little bit better than that. Is this just kind of conservatism, I guess Mark, just kind of coming in and still getting kind of your feet wet? Or just kind of, because you are going to do some changes within the sales organization that that too might lead to some disruption. I am just trying to get an appreciation for what more is disruption or are we just seeing a little bit more of a softening of demand. Because it looks like PS did quite well in the quarter and just trying to understand what the dynamics are in terms of the guidance and how we should really interpret kind of the 10% to 15% on a constant currency basis, just because it seems a little soft relative to how you guys have been doing.

Mark Augusti
Thanks, Kristen. This is Mark. Appreciate the question. Yes, I mean it's important thing to [ease out] [ph] and it's not really just conservatism. I mean if you actually look at the last couple of quarters trends and we look out that, that’s really kind of where the business has been at. So it's compounded by this Germany effect which we have tried to provide the detail in there but the business kind of has softened to that level and one of the things I have got due coming in, as I have said, is kind of change the commercial execution. I think this has been a good rollout. We have a nice kind of ramp up, as I look back over the last few years, but we are going to be successful. We have to continue to do even that much better at our commercial execution. And it's just spotty right now. We have some places that are very good but we have got to be able to export that to other in the country and do well there as well.
Kristen Stewart
Okay. So should we look at 10% to 15% as kind of this base level, as the transition year and not something you will be targeting for the longer term?
Mark Augusti
Yes. I think that’s right. The issue is that it's going to take more than a year probably to kick it in. But I like your words, I think that’s kind of the base year for this transition year and then I certainly want to target north of 15% longer term and think we should be able to definitely achieve that with improved commercial performance.
Kristen Stewart
Okay. Then just a question for Paul. With that level of growth, it is pretty impressive that you are able to still see the gross margin expansion. Can you maybe just breakdown how you are able to achieve that in terms of different buckets? I don’t know how to bet quantify that in terms of just the vertical integration versus software changes. Anything that might be helpful to get us more confident in terms of being able to achieve that range.
Paul Weiner
Sure. The biggest thing we are doing as far as the biggest impact over the near term. That’s really towards the second half of this year and in 2018, it's a vertical integration. So as you know in the past we have been, from day 1 we have been doing all of the manufacturing of our patient's instruments. We have just completed the vertical integration of the tibial trays, metal tibial trays. So we will start to see that improving gross margins, lowering our cost in 2017. But above and beyond that, there is other projects like the poly-inserts that we are bringing in house and in 2017 we are going to make a lot of progress there. We will see that progress certainly in the second half of this year and then finishing up in the first half of '18.
So that all of the manufacturing for the most part of all the components other than the thermal component, will be done internally by the middle part of '18. So we do expect, certainly as we implement this vertical integration in the first half of this year and into beginning part of 2018, we expect the biggest part of the appreciation in gross margin in the second half of this year and throughout 2018, with incremental improvements in the outer years.
Operator
And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen
Mark, you talked about some execution gaps and I think you alluded to some changes in the sales force or the incentive structure. May be, could you provide a little bit of color on the gaps and how you plan to address those, please.
Mark Augusti
So I think the first thing I would say, Larry, is we kind of see an unevenness in performance, as you can expect, talent and geographically related. So I think there is bit of a talent gap we have to address. As well as we need to resource out the contracting and reimbursement piece. So one of the significant things we have done here in the last four weeks is we have added a key talent in reimbursement to support our contracting organization. We will also be looking to build out a couple of more SPEs which will be important for us to be able to handle the deal flow and contracting. I think those of us that follow the industry, contracting with the providers is just a big part of the day to day business that we have. But then even the thing that’s important to tease out here, these couple of other points I want to mention is. With the talent changes also how you train and you target and what we have to go after because there is a certain kind of psychology around performance, excuse me, around ConforMIS in converting surgeons. And we kind of export those best practices across the country and we are going to be looking to do that as we finalize and rollout the playbook.

I think that’s important. And then the other thing is we have done a little bit with the consumer awareness and I think a really good job to a certain point but I would say that in 2016, looking back at the numbers, we got more comfortable that we can do more there. And that if we do more there, that actually drives preferential interest in our products and we have to combine that better in the areas where we have the talent and the surgeons that can take advantage of that. So then we roll in kind of that coordinated approach out across the country.
Larry Biegelsen
That’s very helpful. And just two more from me. One, on Germany, just looking at it on the surface, it seems like a pretty big impact relative to your sales for that product line outside the U.S. And the reimbursement is just being cut to the same as of the shelf partial procedures. We are just in similar to the United States. So what am I missing here? Does it seem like -- to what percent, your Uni business are you assuming goes away in 2017. And I will just throw in my third question here. Paul, just let me push back a little bit more or ask a little more color on the gross margin.
The guidance is only for about 400 basis point year-over-year improvement. The 60% goal was by 2020. It sounds like and I thought we were going to get the most improvement in 2017 and '18. I know earlier you got asked the same question but you said the goal hasn’t been pushed out. But it does seem like it's got to ramp a lot in '18, '19, '20, to get to that 60%. Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Mark Augusti
So, Larry, let me do the Germany piece and I can give some color around that, and then I will let Paul follow up with the gross margin. So I just got back from Germany to really try to asses to make sure I felt comfortable about kind of what's going forward and I will put the appropriate caveat on anything, you can't plan or predict the future but you kind of do the best to be able to understand it and project what's happening. What actually happened, to be clear, in Germany is they -- in Germany there was one code that the ConforMIS technology fell into for partials and totals. And it was reimbursement at a certain rate.
They decided to create a new and separate for partials. So that’s what actually happened. And then they had to set the rates for that code. And because they didn’t have data into the code because there is a lot of other products being reimbursement in that code from before that were more than just ConforMIS. They didn’t know what to do for the partial. So what they decided to do was set it equivalent, and this is for custom partials, it's got its own code now but it's set equivalent to off the shelf. And then the idea is after two years, the way it works in Germany, so for the years of '17 and '18, they will look at whatever utilization and pricing is in that code and if they think it needs to be adjusted, there is actually chance they could adjust it up. Or depending on what's been occurring, then they keep it the same. And this is what they do in Germany when they look at the DRGs every year, every few years.
So that’s actually what happened. Importantly, it didn’t affect our total business and I don’t anticipate it any code changes going forward, which I got comfortable with that. Again, the appropriate caveat is, as you can imagine, healthcare bodies and governmental bodies are going to do what they want to do, but I feel better about that. So that’s actually what happened to us. And that changed the profitability profile as you can imagine, for our customers, because they are getting a price advantage versus off the shelf partial. And so we do anticipate this will be a significant impact. In '17, one time impact on our partial business in Germany. Then, Paul, you want to address the gross margin question.

Paul Weiner
Sure. Let me give you a little bit of a cadence as far as some of the numbers. So as we have said, first quarter because of the revenue levels in the first quarter that we are expecting in the first quarter, as well as some additional vertical integration costs we have in the first quarter, we are expecting our gross margins to come in certainly below 33%, which is what we were a year ago. Leaving 2017, we expect gross margins to be in the 40s, the low to mid-40 range. So that will get us an average of somewhere between 36% to 38% gross margins for the year. So that marketable improvement from certainly last year and there is more from the beginning of this year to the end of the year, the average.
So leaving this year we are looking at, again, low to mid 40s. Again, we expect material increases in our gross margin in 2018 as we complete the vertical integration of the rest of the implant components. As well as we will be further on in the expansion of the off shoring of CAD as well as some software automation equipment and increasing efficiency in the machines. So 2018 we expect a big improvement and then that will lead us incremental improvements in those future years to get us to in or around 60%.
Operator
And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer and Co. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman
So just my two questions are on the U.S. Mark, mentioned a couple of initiatives specifically would help economics in outpatient surgery. Can you flesh that out a little bit? What is the type or work that you anticipate going on there to help drive acceleration in the medium to long-term?
Mark Augusti
So first off, the other initiatives apply broader which is around the commercial execution and the consumer awareness. But specifically, our early results on health economics, Steve, I think are very compelling. And so we have to do a good job in getting those published. We also have to do a good job at reproducing them at other centers. So we will be working on both those front in 2017 and beyond to do that. And then in particular around outpatient knee surgery, right now there is a lot of discussion in there and there is various estimates. But we will say it's early days in outpatient total knee surgery.
But we believe that our model with the reduced sets and all the infrastructure that comes around that with that doesn’t come with us, that does exist with the off the shelf though, will allow sites to enable through outpatient knee surgery. We have got early data that shows we have got a higher rate of discharge within 24 hours and we have got a higher rate of discharge to home versus a step down facility. We think those are big things. So we are looking to identifying qualified sites in places where they want to do this. And who knows where CMS will go on the reimbursement but we want to be in a position to capture that because we believe this will be a growing of importance in the marketplace and when you combine this with consumer awareness and I think the brand allegiance that we can command around ConforMIS, I just view it where I am sitting today, early days, as a big opportunity for us. And we have to put ourselves out there as the best solution for customers around outpatient knee surgery.
Steven Lichtman
Thanks for that Mark. And then just my second question is, you mentioned in terms of some of the investments, adding some people in this area also on the reimbursement front. Will you also be adding to the direct sales force in the U.S.? I wasn’t clear on that and if so, about how much you would think you would expand here this year?
Mark Augusti
Well, as you know we don’t give the specific numbers but I can tell you absolutely, we do plan to add direct reps in the U.S. in 2017 and we are well on our way of identifying geographies and where we are going to do that.

Operator
And our next question comes from Bruce Nudell from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Bruce Nudell
Mark, the investor expectations for the company was only 1.5% market share in the U.S. and a lot of that disproportionately Uni. We are probably north of 20% at this stage of the company. And one of the things that investors are going to be worried about is, are there market frictions that the company didn’t anticipate. So for instance, over half of patients in the U.S. who get primary knees are Medicare. And they are reimbursed at half the commercial rates and hence -- and there is demand matching that goes on in a lot of hospitals. Hence the price point of the ConforMIS implant could be problematic. Are there like specific market frictions that the company didn’t realize fully until you showed up and how could you speak to that investors concerns that this really has broad-base appeal. And then I have a follow up.
Mark Augusti
Sure. Bruce, that’s a great question and obviously well aware, as I said earlier, I also have those expectations and I think we need to get it there. But having said that, look it's a competitive market. I will say this, and I have said this before, I mean there are good strong competitors that we go up against. We happen to believe we think we have got a better technology and there is a real compelling interest in it. Given our gross margin of product standpoint, we do maintain a firm line on price and we do a pretty good job on that. And so that doesn’t mean that there is some business that we turned down. That we can't compete everywhere and we are not going to be able to compete there until we solve for the gross margins. That’s why it's critical that we do both of these simultaneously. And I will say, Bruce, there are plenty of areas where we still are able to really create an economic story around our product. And so there is still an opportunity to grow there. But there is no doubt that it's a market dynamic that we have to take into account.
Bruce Nudell
And then I guess just given the slower growth rate and you mentioned the TBG with regards to commercialization of the hip. What is the anticipated cash burn over the next several years and what are the measures you could take to conserve cash and basically provide the proof of principle in the U.S. primary knee market which is key for the investment hypothesis. For instance, do you really need Europe? I mean, why bother?
Mark Augusti
Let me give you the dollar amount and then Mark can follow up with certainly some of the things that we can look at during the year and the upcoming year. The cash burn that we would, ignoring the fact that we obviously have the $50 million debt financing that we can borrow off of, you are looking at cash used from operations as well as capital equipment in 2017 of somewhere in the neighborhood of $60 million or a little bit south of that number. That’s based on you know on where it stands today before Mark obviously completes his evaluation.
And then moving forward, certainly as our revenues increase and we tighten up our operating expenses, that number we expect to decrease. One of the things that we should look at and consider is the capital equipment needs is as we do the vertical integration. So in the past here in 2016 and 2017, what we did invest in new equipment to do this vertical integration. In the future years we would expect our capital equipment needs to decrease substantially relative to that.
Mark Augusti
And I guess I would just say, look there is no doubt that there is areas we could change the expense trajectory to conserve cash if we wanted to. I am more interested in making sure we got the right growth plans in place and looking about and making sure we can continue to execute on the profitability in the COG. Your point about Europe is well taken and that’s one of the reasons why you don’t hear me talking a lot about going into other international markets and certainly we will be very preferential to any opportunity around there around the right price point because I think as you all know, again it's due to the industry pricing is really challenged in the international markets, especially in Europe.

So it's something to look at. Having said that, you know Bruce, I am loathe to want to do anything to kind of impact that business at this point because once you have entered the market you have built that infrastructure, you have got that customer loyalty, it's hard to get back. I would rather work on product profitability and some other stuff to make that business more profitable and kind of keep it where it is. But that’s just me being very transparent in my early days about how I think about that. So I don’t think we are in a stage yet where we have to make drastic actions around our Germany and U.K. business.
Operator
And we have a follow up question from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kristen Stewart
I was wondering if you would be willing to share just some more anecdotal comments just around your discussion with physicians in the quarter, just with the launch or roll out of PS, and just more on the order flows and how things are tracking or taking out of it just kind of the lumpiness on a year to year basis. Just kind of the underlying trends of the business. Have you, I guess, lost a number of physicians, are you thinking about adding. I guess, lost a number of sales people, just kind of more trends like that rather than to kind of talking more contextually about the guidance and cash flow trends, more subjective measures that you can share with us.
Mark Augusti
Yes, I can, Kris. So first off there is not from my standpoint any anecdotal worrisome trend about two of the key things you mentioned, which is loss the U.S. knee surgeons or loss of reps. We clearly like all companies want to manage the performance and we will do that both at the rep level and the manager level. I think it is always a work for talent in finding good orthopedic talent, across the board is hard and you have to be really targeted about your market. Anecdotally my surgeons, what I have said in my prepared remarks, I will reiterate here, review anecdotally is you know what I love about ConforMIS is, people love the technology. I literally haven't had a single conversation with a surgeon that suggested somehow they were unhappy with our technology or somehow they couldn’t or wouldn’t incorporate their practice.
As a matter of fact, we have surgeons routinely coming through the office for headquarters visit. We continually do that add, and there is a lot of continued interest in the product both at the surgeon level and as I had mentioned at the consumer level. And those anecdotes are very strong. Now there is no doubt, we are a small company and we have a smaller group of, for us, high value surgeons. And if one of those surgeons takes two weeks to go on a ski vacation or runs into a health issue, that certainly can adversely affect us for the short time and we will see that. And I get, as a CEO, I get those stories anecdotally a lot. But no real challenges where core customers for whatever reason has decided to move away from ConforMIS.
Kristen Stewart
And just with respect to the iTotal PS launch. Are the incremental sales still truly of PS, so truly incremental or are you seeing any cannibalization from CR? I would imagine that they are incremental but checking.
Mark Augusti
Yes. No, that’s a really good question. Thanks. Because I actually wanted to point that out. I mean I think we have said it in the remarks. But PS will be still be an important areas of growth for us and it opens up a much larger market for us. I think it would probably -- it's obvious at some level there is a little bit of cannibalization from some guys that have been doing CR because they like ConforMIS and then want to go back to doing PS. I don’t think we have broken that out and I am not sure we actually nearly even could quantify that because as was detailed, that wouldn’t make sense and it's not materials. So we see PS as a big source of growth for us but we also believe we will continue to be an important player in CR. And that’s really the bigger business and clearly as a result, it's performance is, it's certainly not growing as fast as the PS. I don’t know if you want to comment more, Paul?

Paul Weiner
Yes. The other thing to look at, Kristen, is we have our sales reps spending their time, so there is one regarding some limited cannibalization amongst our surgeons. The other thing is, as far as where our reps, and we don’t incentivize them more to sell PS then the PR, but the PS is such a big opportunity and a new opportunity within the existing territories that the reps are already covering, that, yes, some of their time certainly that was spent before solely on PR and the partial, is now being spent on PS. So that begs the question, how do we expand our sales force to be able to cover the potential growth in PS and still pay attention and grow our base business.
Kristen Stewart
Okay. And then just going back, I guess, my original question, because I just want to make sure I completely understand as I am having a hard time just reconciling all. If it doesn’t seem like you have lost physicians and haven't lost reps and momentum still feels good and you have got sizable PS and all of that, I guess I am just having a hard time wrapping my head around this 10% to 15% growth.
Mark Augusti
So the way I think about it, and again it's hard to quantify this and think about it, but I think to process to acquiring the surgeon at ConforMIS is pretty lengthy if you think about it. Because we are getting in it about all the time upfront that we take to get them psychologically ready to want to make the change, Kristen, as then they got to put their first case and wait, of course, six weeks for the case. And let's be charitable and say maybe they even put a couple but then they want to leave another six weeks or so to see those patients in clinic to see how they are doing. So right there you are talking about 12 weeks which is 3 months. And when I really talk to people and think about -- and I hate to go back and do this because I don’t want to be forward looking, but what really happened to us with the recall that was more pernicious is, it threw that cadence of surgeon acquisition off. And it forced our reps to actually spend a lot of time homing on to the business, going with customer satisfaction issues all through kind of '16.
Then we start to get some of those guys back but then what's happened is that cadence of acquiring new surgeons really got hit. And part of what I think that effect is it's kind of through that misstep off and we have got to get that pipeline and that cadence back. So I don’t think about the growth. Our core surgeons are actually, for the most part still with us, I think for a large part still with us and that’s giving a growth. But what we are not really seeing is that next uptick of these new surgeons where you are going to then come in give us a significant part of the business and that rate has fallen off. And so that’s part of the work that we have to do with '17 and to build that back up and be smart about that and get new surgeons in the fold as it were.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CFMS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Today, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsGalmed Pharmaceuticals: Buy On WeaknessGLMD• Yesterday, 11:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 CommentsMannKind: Assessing The Insurance Landscape For AfrezzaMNKD• Yesterday, 9:22 PM • Spencer Osborne•21 CommentsADMA Biologics Follows Up On RI-002ADMA• Yesterday, 9:17 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsHerbalife: Shareholders Should Take Profits NowHLF• Yesterday, 9:06 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•18 CommentsEXACT Sciences Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEXAS• Yesterday, 8:30 PM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMGN• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA TranscriptsDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Yesterday, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Yesterday, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•9 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•4 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Yesterday, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Yesterday, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•6 CommentsSamsung Leaps Into Its First U.S. Biosimilars BattleJNJ, MRK, PFE• Yesterday, 3:43 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGilead: Q2 Earnings PreviewGILD• Yesterday, 3:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•25 CommentsAiming For A New Angle On Liquid BiopsyANPCY• Yesterday, 3:38 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentMerck's Keynote Falls Flat, And That's Just FineMRK• Yesterday, 3:34 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGenocea Biosciences's (GNCA) Conference Call On Positive GEN-003 Phase 2b Results - SlideshowGNCA• Yesterday, 3:32 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Yesterday, 3:03 PM • Strong BioVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Yesterday, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•11 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Yesterday, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•17 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Yesterday, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•11 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Yesterday, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•5 CommentsEli Lilly and Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLY• Yesterday, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsBiogen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBIIB• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsAbbVie's Long Shot At Proving Rova-T Doubters WrongABBV• Yesterday, 7:29 AM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsLilly Hopes To Bloom Through Nektar AttractionLLY, NKTR• Yesterday, 7:22 AM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Yesterday, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•2 Comments3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsQ2 Earnings Should Be The Catalyst For Valeant's Next Leg HigherVRX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • Michael Lynch•86 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•74 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•32 CommentsReata Pharmaceuticals (RETA) Cardinal Phase 2 Results And Update - SlideshowRETA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•39 CommentsHerbalife: When An EPS Raise Isn't Really A RaiseHLF• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:05 PM • Gary Milne•17 CommentsMerck: A Slow Growth Income Play With Moderate Growth PotentialMRK• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:11 PM • William Stamm•11 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:05 PM • Gaurao Bhade•1 CommentZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•14 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Dynavax Technologies' Moment Of Truth ArrivesCNCE, CYTX, DVAX• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:52 AM • Bret Jensen•21 CommentsParatek Puts Skin In The Infection GamePRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:24 AM • Strong Bio•28 CommentsAnthem: Tread Carefully Into EarningsANTM• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:20 AM • Benjamin HandlerSnippet Roundup: A Lingering Lingo And 2 More U.S. Green LightsGILD, JNJ, PRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:41 AM • EP VantageData Put A Dent In Ironwood's Expansion PlansIRWD• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:26 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentUpdates To Syros Pharmaceuticals ThesisSYRS• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:02 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 23, 2017BMY, KITE, MRK• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•8 CommentsAmgen And Novartis: First Mover Advantage Is A MustAMGN, NVS• Sun, Jul. 23, 2:21 AM • Long Term Bio•2 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•9 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•13 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•3 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•73 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•18 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•20 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•17 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdams•3 CommentsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•9 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•3 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•27 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•13 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•52 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•98 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•60 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•18 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer Osborne•1 CommentIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA Transcripts123456...468Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•30 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















