

Aurelius Capital Management, LP













535 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10022
A Private Investment Firm




Image: Marie-Lan Nguyen, fragment of a bronze portrait of Marcus Aurelius, Louvre. AURELIUS® and AURELIUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT® are trademarks of Aurelius Capital Management, LP, and are registered in the United States and other jurisdictions.






Aurelius Capital Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























aurelius capital partners lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Commercial Services
Sub-Industry: Other Commercial Services
Aurelius Capital Partners LP purchases, sells, and brokerage securities. The Company serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

535 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10022
United States


Phone:
1-646-445-6500


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 













 






Aurelius Capital Management, LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Aurelius Capital Management, LP
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

Aurelius Capital Management, LP





















Aurelius Capital Management, LP
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was registered on Monday, November 28, 2011.






535 Madison Avenue
New York,
New York, 
10022 
United States
Phone: (646) 445-6500
http://www.aurelius-capital.com



Chief Operating Officer, Aurelius Capital Management, Lp
David Newman
Managing Director and Member, Aurelius Capital Management (Uk), Llp, Relying Advisor
David Tiomkin
Chief Financial Officer, Aurelius Capital Management, Lp
Richard Petrilli
Chairman, Aurelius Capital Management, Lp
Mark Brodsky
Chief Financial Officer
Richard Petrilli
General Counsel/Chief Compliance Officer
Samuel Rubin




Inception Date2011-11-28
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 17:49:04.575222
As of Date2016-09-30
Latest Filing2016-11-14
SEC Number801-72911
CRD Number157325
Inception2011-11-28
Legal NameAurelius Capital Management, LP
NameAurelius Capital Management, LP
CIK0001362948
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership
Legal Entity Identifier7OVD0ZWELJO0QHB1JU64
EIN331115695











Holdings



Calls


Puts


Long Positions




Statements



Regulatory AUM


Employees






Plans



401(k) Plans: 1






Funds



Hedge Funds: 8









Calls: 2016-09-30

SecurityValue



SPDR GOLD TRUST
265.53M








Puts: 2016-09-30

SecurityValue



ISHARES TR
326.35M


ISHARES
102.10M








Long Positions: 2016-09-30

SecurityValue



NII Holdings Inc (NIHD)
26.49M











03-17
01-17
08-16




Regulatory Assets Under Management
4.25B
4.91B
4.91B











03-17
01-17
08-16




Employees
54.00
48.00
48.00







401(k) Plans: 2016-09-30



Aurelius Capital Management, LP 401(K) Plan
New York






Hedge Funds: 2016-09-30



ACP Master, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Aurelius Capital Master, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Aurelius Capital International, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Aurelius Capital International II, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Aurelius Convergence Fund, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Aurelius Capital Partners II, LP
Delaware


Aurelius Convergence Master, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Aurelius Capital Partners, LP
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Aurelius Capital Partners II is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-07-14. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




aurelius capital partners ii, lp


535 MADISON AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      646-445-6500







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 07/14/2017
D/A filed on 10/17/2016
D/A filed on 10/15/2015
D filed on 10/15/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-07-14
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
248,343,655
INDEFINITE


2016-10-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
165,828,680
INDEFINITE


2015-10-15
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
138,228,680
INDEFINITE


2014-10-15
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
10,892,794
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   AURELIUS CAPITAL GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



-   AURELIUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



MARK D.  BRODSKY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 



Statement from Aurelius Capital Management, LP: Aurelius Supports NII’s Swift Emergence from Chapter 11 | Business Wire


























































      Statement from Aurelius Capital Management, LP: Aurelius Supports NII’s 
      Swift Emergence from Chapter 11
    





September 15, 2014 07:30 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aurelius Capital Management, LP today issued the following statement 
      regarding the commencement of Chapter 11 proceedings by NII Holdings, 
      Inc. and certain of its U.S. and Luxembourg subsidiaries:
    


      "An Aurelius-managed entity is the largest holder of bonds due 2016 and 
      2019 issued by NII Capital Corp. and the second largest holder across 
      all five series of NII bonds.
    

      "Aurelius welcomes NII’s Chapter 11 case as a means to restore the 
      Company to financial health and empower management to complete the 
      Company’s operational turnaround. Over the last several months we have 
      worked tirelessly with management toward that objective, and we remain 
      dedicated to it.
    

      "We have taken the lead among bondholders in supporting a plan that 
      would allow the Company to emerge from Chapter 11 swiftly, by deferring 
      until after emergence the resolution (through litigation or settlement) 
      of many inter-creditor disputes. Aurelius was ready last week to enter 
      into a binding agreement to support a plan (the “Reserve Plan”) 
      that would have:
    


        Converted all $4.35 billion of NII bonds into 100% of the reorganized 
        company’s equity (before taking into account the rights offering 
        mentioned below and any management incentive plan).
      

        Allocated that equity among the bondholders in accordance with the 
        absolute-priority rule.
      

        Raised fresh equity through a rights offering. Aurelius offered to 
        backstop $125 million of that rights offering.
      

        Deferred all inter-creditor disputes until after NII emerges from 
        Chapter 11. A portion of the new equity would be placed in reserve and 
        released as each dispute is resolved, whether through litigation or 
        settlement. (Any settlements reached before emergence would be taken 
        into account in the initial distribution of shares at emergence.)
      


      "The Reserve Plan would be the best of all worlds because it would:
    


        Restore NII to financial health within a matter of months.
      

        Enable bondholders a full and fair opportunity to resolve any 
        inter-creditor disputes in an orderly way.
      

        Honor the absolute priority rule as among bondholders.
      


      "A bondholder group primarily holding bonds of NII’s Luxembourg 
      subsidiary has opposed the Reserve Plan. Their opposition tells us that 
      they (i) lack the courage of their convictions and (ii) hope to extract 
      more by holding the Company hostage in Chapter 11 than they would if the 
      inter-creditor disputes were resolved in a fair and orderly manner 
      afterward.
    

      "Aurelius wants to see NII flourish for the benefit of all bondholders. 
      As to inter-creditor issues, we are content to trust the merits. We urge 
      other bondholders to do likewise.
    

      NOTE: Aurelius Capital Management, LP does not make any representation 
      or undertake any duty. Nothing herein should be considered investment 
      advice or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities."
    


Contacts

      Prosek PartnersBrian Schaffer, 212-279-3115 x229bschaffer@prosek.comorHal 
      Bienstock, 212-279-3115 x253hbienstock@prosek.com















Contacts

      Prosek PartnersBrian Schaffer, 212-279-3115 x229bschaffer@prosek.comorHal 
      Bienstock, 212-279-3115 x253hbienstock@prosek.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up




















		
		
		  Aurelius Capital Partners II  Filing. Samuel Jed Rubin  Submitted Jul 14  Form D
		
		
		
		
 

 














































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Market News
Privacy Policy






Aurelius Capital Partners II  Filing. Samuel Jed Rubin  Submitted Jul 14  Form D


					

						July 14, 2017 - By Kurt Siggers

Aurelius Capital Partners II Form D
The New York-based Aurelius Capital Partners II, Lp submitted D Form because of $248.34 million offering. The date of first sale was 2014-10-01. The Limited Partnership raised $248.34 million. The offering is still open. The total private offering amount was $248.34 million. The private offering document was filed on 2017-07-14. Aurelius Capital Partners II, Lp’s clarification was: The fund charges a management fee that is described in the fund’s offering documents.. 
 Aurelius Capital Partners II is based in New York. The company’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The SEC form was submitted by Samuel Jed Rubin General Counsel & CCO of the Investment Manager. The company was incorporated in 2014. The filler’s address is: 535 Madison Avenue, 22Nd Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. – Aurelius Capital Gp, Llc is the related person in the form and it has address: 535 Madison Avenue, 22Nd Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Link to Aurelius Capital Partners II Filing: 000090266417002898.







Analysis of Aurelius Capital Partners II Offering
On average, firms in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment interest. Aurelius Capital Partners II sold 100.00 % of the offering. The average investment offering size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The minimum investment for Aurelius Capital Partners II ‘s private offering is $0.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.











 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Home Depot (HD) Holder Calamos Advisors LLC Decreased Position by $47.02 Million


Analysts are on the Bearish side about Penntex Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:PTXP) this week.


Analysts See $0.51 EPS for BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI)


A Reversal for Allete Incorporated (NYSE:ALE) Is Near. The Stock Has Decrease in Shorts


Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. – Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:CHKP) “Buy” Rating Reconfirmed Today By Argus; The Target Price per Share is Set to $124


Invesco Municipal Income Opportunities Trust Stock  as Institutional Investors Enter


Can we expect Oak Valley Bancorp  (OVLY) (NASDAQ:CA) to bring investors news of $0.13 dividends?


This is what analysts have to say about Parkland Fuel Corp (TSE:PKI) after last week.


Starbucks Corp (SBUX) Stock Value Rose While Calamos Advisors LLC Raised Holding


Does Aldeyra Therapeutics Incorporated (NASDAQ:ALDX) Have Gas After Even More Sellers Involved?























            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle























AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS | Nos. 07 Civ. 2715... | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP v. REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA



					 
				




								AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP v. REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Nos. 07 Civ. 2715 (TPG), 07 Civ. 11327 (TPG), 07 Civ. 2693 (TPG), 09 Civ. 8757 (TPG), 09 Civ. 10620 (TPG), 10 Civ. 1602 (TPG), 10 Civ. 3507 (TPG), 10 Civ. 3970 (TPG), 10 Civ. 4101 (TPG), 10 Civ. 4782 (TPG), 10 Civ. 8339 (TPG)
								




View Case
Cited Cases






AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP and AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD., Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP and AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD., Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
BLUE ANGEL CAPITAL I LLC, Plaintiff,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD. and ACP MASTER, LTD, Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD. and ACP MASTER, LTD, Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
AURELIUS OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LLC and AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD., Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
AURELIUS OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LLC and AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD., Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD. and AURELIUS OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LLC, Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
BLUE ANGEL CAPITAL I LLC, Plaintiff,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
BLUE ANGEL CAPITAL I LLC, Plaintiff,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.
AURELIUS CAPITAL MASTER, LTD. and AURELIUS OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LLC, Plaintiffs,
v.
THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA, Defendant.


United States District Court, S.D. New York.
March 22, 2012.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Lauren Emily Aguiar , Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (NYC) representing Administracion Nacional de Seguridad Social (Appellant).
 Oliver J. Armas , Chadbourne & Parke LLP (NY) representing Consolidar AFJP S.A. (Interested Party).
 Oliver J. Armas , Chadbourne & Parke LLP (NY) representing Futura AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Maxima AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Met AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Origenes AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Profesion+Auge AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Unidos S.A. AFJP (Interested Party), Union de Administradoras de Fondos De Jubilaciones Y Pensiones (Interested Party) & Arauca Bit AFJP S.A. (Interested Party).
 Jonathan I. Blackman , Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton, LLP(NYC) representing The Republic of Argentina (Defendant).
 Carmine D. Boccuzzi, Jr , Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton, LLP(NYC) representing The Republic of Argentina (Defendant).
 Patrick D. Bonner, Jr , Menz Bonner & Komar LLP representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Susan Marie Cordaro , Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (NY) representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 David Dunn , Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.(NYC) representing GMO Emerging Country Debt Fund (Interested Party), GMO Emerging Country Debt Investment Fund PLC (Interested Party) & GMO Emerging Country Debt LP (Interested Party).
 Edward A. Friedman , Friedman Kaplan Seiler & Adelman LLP representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Andrew W. Goldwater , Friedman, Kaplan,Seiler & Adelman, LLP representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Robert Edward Grossman , Chadbourne & Parke LLP representing Consolidar AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Futura AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Maxima AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Met AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Origenes AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Profesion+Auge AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Unidos S.A. AFJP (Interested Party), Union de Administradoras de Fondos De Jubilaciones Y Pensiones (Interested Party) & Arauca Bit AFJP S.A. (Interested Party).
 Thomas Joseph Hall , Chadbourne & Parke LLP (NY) representing Consolidar AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Futura AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Maxima AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Met AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Origenes AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Profesion+Auge AFJP S.A. (Interested Party), Unidos S.A. AFJP (Interested Party), Union de Administradoras de Fondos De Jubilaciones Y Pensiones (Interested Party) & Arauca Bit AFJP S.A. (Interested Party).
 Kimberly Ann Hamm , Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (NY) representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 James Loran Kerr , Davis Polk & Wardwell L.L.P. representing Citibank, N.A. (Movant).
 Lindsey Taylor Knapp , Davis Polk & Wardwell L.L.P. representing Citibank, N.A. (Movant).
 Jessica Axelandra Murzyn , Friedman Kaplan Seiler & Adelman LLP representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Joseph Emanuel Neuhaus , Sullivan and Cromwell, LLP(NYC) representing Banco Central de la Republica Argentina (Interested Party).
 Barry Robert Ostrager , Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (NY) representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Edmund Polubinski, III , Davis Polk & Wardwell L.L.P. representing Citibank, N.A. (Movant).
 Walter Rieman , Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP (NY) representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Tyler Brooks Robinson , Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (NY) representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Sharon L. Schneier , Davis Wright Tremaine LLP (NYC) representing Citibank (Appellant).
 Benedict John Schweigert , Davis Polk & Wardwell L.L.P. representing Citibank, N.A. (Movant).
 Emily Anne Stubbs , Friedman, Kaplan, Seiler and Adelman representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Mary Kay Vyskocil , Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (NY) representing Blue Angel Capital I LLC (Plaintiff).
 Karen E Wagner , Davis Polk & Wardwell L.L.P. representing Citibank (Appellant).
 Jonathan Allen Willens , Jonathan A. Willens LLC representing The Republic of Argentina (Defendant).





OPINION
THOMAS P. GRIESA, District Judge.
Plaintiffs Aurelius Capital Partners, LP, Aurelius Capital Master, Ltd., ACP Master, Ltd., Aurelius Opportunities Fund II, LLC, and Blue Angel Capital I LLC (collectively, "Aurelius") own beneficial interests in defaulted bonds issued by defendant, the Republic of Argentina (the "Republic"). On May 16, 2011, Aurelius applied for, and the court signed, two ex parte orders of attachment. The first was directed to the interests of certain entities connected with the Republic in U.S. patents or pending patent applications. The second was directed to royalties generated by license agreements. Aurelius now moves to confirm the orders of attachment, and the Republic and non-party BASF Corp. cross-move to vacate the orders.
The attachment orders are vacated.
Facts
Procedural History
Aurelius has eleven actions in this court pertaining to the Republic's bond default in 2001 and has been awarded eleven final judgments against the Republic for a total of about $1.2 billion. Aurelius also has additional cases pending before the court seeking further money judgments.
As stated above, on May 16, 2011, this court ordered the ex parte attachment of certain patent interests and royalty interests of entities connected with the Republic. The court also appointed a Receiver to preserve the status quo and protect the value of the property covered by the attachment orders.
The order relating to patent interests (the "Patent Attachment Order") purports to attach property interests held by the Republic in U.S. patents or patent applications, including any patent interests held by any of the following five Argentine entities: Agencia Nacional de Promocion Cientifica y Tecnologica ("ANPCT"); Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas y Tecnicas ("CONICET"); Comision Nacional de Energia Atomica ("CNEA"); Instituto Nacional de Tecnologia Agropecuaria ("INTA"); or Instituto Nacional de Tecnologia Industrial ("INTI").
The order relating to royalty fees (the "Royalty Attachment Order") focuses on two licensing agreements between INTA and BASF, a chemical company. The licensing agreements give BASF the right to commercialize a rice gene technology developed by INTA, and the attachment order purports to attach INTA's interests in licensing or royalty fees payable under the agreements.
In plaintiffs' request for the Royalty Attachment Order, plaintiffs stated:
Upon information and belief, BASF has incorporated, or is in the process of incorporating, INTA's rice technology into its `Clearfield' product line and/or other product lines that BASF sells in the United States, for which it is contractually obligated to pay royalties to INTA on the basis of its commercialization of INTA's rice gene technology in the United States.
Plaintiffs' Brief at 2. Plaintiffs served the attachment order on BASF Corporation ("BASF Corp."), a North American company that is present in New York.
Plaintiffs move to confirm both attachment orders. They also request that the court enter an order transferring the patent interests to the court-appointed Receiver. Defendant and non-party BASF Corp. move to vacate both attachment orders.
There is a voluminous record on these motions about the facts relevant to the various issues raised. Much of this submission relates to the nature of the Argentine entities, and their relation to the Republic. The issue here is whether the property of the entities can be considered to be the property of the Republic for the purposes of attachment.
To date, plaintiffs have identified a variety of scientific and medical technologies that are apparently the subject of 47 patents and pending patent applications. These patents and patent applications involve various of the Argentine entities. However, as far as the record shows, none of the patents have given rise to commercial activity in the United States, within the meaning of the relevant statute, the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (the "FSIA), and only two pending patent applications involve technology which is used in commercial activity. Those pending applications relate to INTA's rice gene technology. This technology is also the subject of the licensing agreements referred to earlier.
Consequently, there is no need for the court in this opinion to describe any of the entities except for INTA. And there is no need to describe any of the patents or pending patent applications except those of INTA.
Instituto Nacional de Tecnologia Agropecuaria ("INTA")
The FSIA distinguishes the sovereign state from an agency or instrumentality of the sovereign state. There are somewhat different rules regarding attachments depending on whether it is the sovereign's property or an instrumentality's property that is sought to be attached. Plaintiffs contend that INTA is part of the Republic. They make no argument that there can be an attachment if INTA is an agency or instrumentality of the Republic.
INTA is a decentralized autarkic agency. Under Argentine law, autarkic entities have full capacity to act on their own behalf and in their own name, enter into contracts, and to serve as plaintiffs or defendants in legal proceedings. They are created to serve public, governmental purposes.
INTA is a governmental research institution within the Argentine Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock, and Fisheries. According to the Executive Decree that created INTA, its mission is to promote agricultural science and research pursuant to "the directives of the National Executive Branch," in order to fulfill the state's responsibility to promote the efficient development of agricultural production. INTA Decree No. 21,680, at preamble & arts. 1-2.
INTA is headed by the Argentine Minister of Agriculture. It is governed by a ten-member advisory board, seven of whom are nominated by independent agricultural entities, including agricultural producers and agronomy and veterinary schools. The board has the power to issue INTA's internal rules, prepare a budget, and hire, promote, and dismiss personnel. The board's members are appointed by the Executive Branch, but the National Executive may only appoint individuals that were nominated. The Advisory Board appoints INTA's National Director, who is in charge of INTA's day-to-day operations.
INTA's budget is made up primarily of tax revenues imposed by the Republic and earmarked for INTA's use, along with contributions from provincial governments, and other independent sources of operating revenue. Plaintiffs state that INTA generally does not pay any periodic federal taxes, while the Republic states that INTA pays periodic federal taxes.
The court previously found that INTA was a separate agency or instrumentality—rather than a part of the Republic—and that another debtor, EM Ltd., could not attach a bank account held by INTA. EM Ltd. v. Republic of Argentina, 2009 WL 3149601, at *6 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 30, 2009), vacated in part on other grounds, 2010 WL 3910604 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 30, 2010). In that case, the plaintiff sought to attach an account of INTA held at BNA's New York branch. The account contained about $2,000. EM Ltd. requested discovery as to INTA, but the court denied it because the court did not "believe that further discovery as to the status of INTA is justified." Id. at *7. The court does not consider itself bound to follow now its ruling with regard to the $2,000 bank account and will consider the status of INTA anew on this motion.
INTA's Rice Gene Technology and the BASF Licensing Agreements
INTA has developed a rice gene (the "Rice Gene") and a rice variety incorporating that gene (the "Rice Variety") that are resistant to herbicides used against "red rice," a weed that has significantly harmed the output of rice fields worldwide. In 2005, INTA entered into two licensing agreements (the "Rice Gene License Agreement" and the "Rice Variety License Agreement") with BASF Agrochemical Products B.V. ("BASF B.V."), a corporation organized under the laws of the Netherlands and with its principal place of business there. Together, the agreements granted BASF B.V. exclusive licenses to develop, make, use, and sell INTA's Rice Gene and Rice Variety, everywhere in the world outside of Uruguay and Argentina, in exchange for contractual royalties payable to INTA.
BASF B.V. maintains most of the intellectual property rights of the BASF group of companies in connection with herbicide tolerant crops. BASF B.V. is a Dutch subsidiary of BASF SE, one of the world's leading chemical companies based in Germany. It has been in existence for more than a decade. BASF Corp. is a Delaware corporation headquartered in New Jersey, and is the North American subsidiary of BASF SE. BASF B.V. is affiliated with BASF Corp., but is not owned or controlled by BASF Corp. BASF Corp. is not a party to the INTA license agreements.
BASF SE's agricultural business includes a line of products marketed and sold under its Clearfield brand. The Clearfield system is a combination of herbicides and seeds that are tolerant to those herbicides. Although BASF sells Clearfield rice products in the United States, those products do not use any technology developed or licensed by INTA. INTA's Rice Variety has been sold by BASF as part of its Clearfield product line exclusively in Costa Rica and Brazil. INTA has received royalties from BASF B.V. for sales in Costa Rica and Brazil. INTA has not received royalties from BASF B.V. for sales in any other countries, including the United States.
BASF has applied in the United States for two patents in INTA's name with respect to the herbicide-resistant rice plants that are at issue; the applications remain pending.
BASF Corp. reports that the process of commercializing an herbicide resistant rice varietal takes 7 to 10 years, and is unique to each region in which the final product will be sold. BASF Corp. has not taken any steps to commercialize a product using INTA's technology in the United States. Based on current market conditions, there are no plans to do so. As noted above, BASF has already commercialized other herbicide resistant rice varieties under the Clearfield brand in the United States.
As part of the administrative services provided to its affiliate BASF B.V., BASF Corp. has in the past gathered sales information necessary to prepare a written report of royalty payments due under the INTA license agreements and has paid the amount due on behalf of BASF B.V., which was immediately reimbursed by BASF B.V.
Discussion
There are various issues that are raised regarding the validity of the attachment of the patents and pending patent applications and the attachment of royalties under the INTA license agreements. However, the court wishes to start with the issue of commercial activity in the United States since the court is constrained to hold that the attachments must be denied on the basis of this issue.
The legal standards governing whether a creditor of the Republic may enforce its claims and judgments against a property interest of the Republic arise from the intersection of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, 28 U.S.C. § 1602 et seq. (the "FSIA"), applicable to judgment enforcement proceedings against foreign governments, and New York State's pre- and post-judgment enforcement procedures, applicable pursuant to Rules 64 and 69 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
Section 1610(a) of the FSIA
Under Section 1609 of the FSIA, all property of a foreign state is immune from attachment or execution unless an exception to such immunity exists under Section 1610. Section 1610, in turn, provides that property of a foreign state located in the United States and "used for a commercial activity in the United States" can be attached. 28 U.S.C. § 1610.
1. Use for Commercial Activity in the United States
The Supreme Court has held that "when a foreign government acts, not as regulator of a market, but in the manner of a private player within it, the foreign sovereign's actions are `commercial' within the meaning of the FSIA." Republic of Argentina v. Weltover, Inc., 504 U.S. 607, 614 (1992); see also 28 U.S.C. § 1603(d) ("The commercial character of an activity shall be determined by reference to the nature of the course of conduct or particular transaction or act, rather than by reference to its purpose.").
Activity related to licensing of patents has been considered "commercial activity." See, e.g., Intel Corp. v. Commonwealth Scientific & Indus. Research Org., 455 F.3d 1364, 1370 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (holding that Australia's national science agency, the assignee of a U.S. registered patent, had engaged in "commercial activity" under the FSIA when it participated in patent licensing negotiations in the U.S., even though the negotiations never resulted in a fully executed, binding contract).
However, the use requirement of § 1610 is relatively stringent:
Section 1610(a) does not say that the property in the United States of a foreign state that `will be used' or `could potentially be used' for a commercial activity in the United States is not immune from attachment or execution. More is required: the property in the United States of a foreign state must be used for a commercial activity in the United States `upon a judgment entered by a court of the United States or of a State.'
Aurelius Capital Partners, LP v. Republic of Argentina, 584 F.3d 120, 130 (2d Cir. 2009). "The plain language of the statute suggests that the standard is actual, not hypothetical, use." EM Ltd. v. Republic of Argentina, 473 F.3d 463, 484 (2d Cir. 2007).
The Ninth Circuit has further held that property must be used "in a commercial activity separate from the transaction that generated the property in the first place." See Af-Cap, Inc. v. Chevron Overseas (Congo) Ltd., 475 F.3d 1080, 1095 (9th Cir. 2007) (internal quotation omitted). "What matters under [Section 1610(a)] is what the property is used for, not how it was generated or produced." Id. at 1087 (internal quotations omitted); see also NML Capital, Ltd. v. Republic of Argentina, 2011 WL 1533072, at *6 (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 22, 2011) ("While a contract to purchase goods in the United States constitutes commercial activity, that property is not subject to attachment if it is not itself `used for' commercial activity within our borders.").
Aside from the INTA-BASF license agreements, considered in more detail below, there is no indication that any of the U.S. patents or patent applications have been commercialized in the United States. The Argentine entities have applied for and, in some cases, been granted U.S. patents. However, the filing of patent applications and the obtaining of patents represents at most the generation of a property interest, not its commercial use.
The same is true with respect to INTA's pending patent applications. According to BASF Corp., there are no plans to commercialize INTA's technologies—or, by extension, INTA's pending patent applications—within the United States. Without evidence that the Republic is actively using its patent interests for commercial activity in the United States, the interests cannot be attached pursuant to the FSIA. Therefore, the Patent Attachment Order must be vacated.
The Royalty Attachment Order with respect to INTA's license agreements with BASF presents somewhat different issues. Plaintiffs argue that the Republic has used its rice gene technology in the United States because it has contracted with an American company—BASF Corp.—to market, develop, and commercialize the technology. As noted above, the license agreements at issue are between INTA and BASF B.V., a Dutch entity. It is true that BASF Corp., which is located in the United States, has paid some royalty fees to INTA on behalf of its affiliate, BASF B.V. However, the fact that BASF Corp. has acted or is acting as a paying agent in the United States does not mean that INTA's contractual right to receive royalties related to its rice gene technology—or even the rice gene technology itself—was put to commercial use in the United States. BASF Corp. used funds in the United States to temporarily advance royalty payment to INTA for sales in Costa Rica and Brazil. This does not constitute commercial activity in the United States. The Royalty Attachment Order must be vacated.
2. Situs of the Property Rights
The Republic argues that the Patent Attachment Order should be vacated because any interests the Republic has in U.S. patents or pending patent applications cannot be said to be located in the United States, as is required for a proper attachment under 28 U.S.C. § 1610. The court does not reach this question because, as noted above, there is nothing in the record to indicate that any of the property interests in question have been used for a commercial activity in the United States.
Once again, however, the Royalty Attachment Order presents somewhat different issues. In plaintiffs' submissions in support of their application for the Royalty Attachment Order, they stated their belief that BASF had incorporated, or was "in the process of incorporating, INTA's rice technology into its `Clearfield' product line and/or other product lines that BASF sells in the United States, for which it is contractually obligated to pay royalties to INTA on the basis of its commercialization of INTA's rice gene technology in the United States." It now appears that this belief was mistaken.
As noted above, INTA has entered into two licensing agreements with BASF B.V., granting BASF B.V. exclusive licenses to develop, make, use, and sell INTA's Rice Gene and Rice Variety, everywhere in the world outside of Uruguay and Argentina, in exchange for contractual royalties payable to INTA. To date, BASF has sold products containing these technologies in Costa Rica and Brazil only and has paid royalties only for sales in those countries. Plaintiffs have served the attachment order on BASF Corp., which is located in the United States. Although BASF Corp. has paid some royalties to INTA on behalf of its affiliate BASF B.V., BASF Corp. is not a party to the license agreements.
BASF Corp. argues that the Royalty Attachment Order should be vacated because plaintiffs incorrectly seek to enforce the order on BASF Corp., which is not a party to the INTA License Agreements and which does not hold any assets of the Republic or of INTA. Plaintiffs argue that the attachment order is valid because they seek to attach the Republic's intangible contractual rights to receive royalties under the licensing agreements. Plaintiffs claim that these rights are located in the United States because BASF Corp. has performed services under the agreements on behalf of BASF B.V. Plaintiffs also suggest that the Republic and/or BASF structured these agreements as a sort of "shell game" to avoid attachment under the FSIA.
If an attachment order is to be served on a person other than the defendant, that entity must, at the time of the attachment, be in the "possession or custody of property in which such person knows or has reason to believe the defendant has an interest." CPLR § 6214(b). "Courts must be extremely reluctant to disregard corporate form, and should do so only when the corporation primarily transacts the business of the dominating interest rather than its own." U.S. v. Funds Held in the Name or for the Benefit of Wetterer, 210 F.3d 96, 106 (2d Cir. 2000) (internal citation omitted).
Despite plaintiffs' contentions, there is no indication whatsoever that BASF B.V. was created or is being used to engage in a shell game. It is a legitimate corporate entity—separate from BASF Corp.—that has been in existence for more than a decade. BASF B.V. is not located in the United States, and no entity related to BASF or INTA has sold any products containing the INTA technologies in the United States. The license agreements and the royalty rights they give rise to are not located in the United States. BASF Corp.'s services on behalf of BASF B.V. do not change this fact.
INTA's Relationship to the Republic
As noted above, the FSIA distinguishes the sovereign state from an agency or instrumentality of the sovereign state, and somewhat different rules apply to attachments depending on whether it is the sovereign's property or an instrumentality's property that is sought to be attached.
The outcome is not clear as to whether INTA is part of the Argentine government or is a separate agency or instrumentality. There are factors for each side, although there appears to be a probability that INTA should be held to be an agency or instrumentality of the Republic. Because the attachment orders must be vacated due to a lack of commercial activity in the United States, the court does not decide this issue.
The Republic and BASF's Additional Arguments
The Republic and BASF have made additional arguments supporting their motions to vacate the attachment orders. The Republic argues that the attachment orders are overbroad, and the Republic and BASF urge the court to vacate the Patent Attachment Order because of the possible effects on the rights of third parties, including BASF. However, because the attachment order should be vacated on the other grounds discussed above, the court does not reach these further arguments.
Conclusion
The court grants defendant's and BASF's motions to vacate the attachment orders. The court denies plaintiffs' motions to confirm the attachment orders.
This opinion resolves the motions listed as document numbers 72, 82, 89,90, and 114 in case 09 Civ. 10620, as well as the same motions in the related cases.
SO ORDERED.







Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














aurelius capital partners lp - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related toaurelius capital partners lp



mark brodsky aurelius capital managem...


aurelius invest


aurelius private equity



aurelius ag


dan gropper aurelius capital


aurelius golf offer




Web Results

Aurelius Capital Management, LP

www.aurelius-capital.com


Aurelius Capital Management, LP a private investment firm based in New York, NY.


Aurelius Capital Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/companies/0282623D:US


Company profile & key executives for Aurelius Capital Partners LP (0282623D:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Aurelius Capital Management, LP: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Aurelius Capital Management, LP company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/aurelius-capital-partners-lp


Detailed Profile of AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP v. REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA ...

www.leagle.com/decision/In FCO 20100528119/AURELIUS CAPITAL...


Aurelius Capital Partners, LP, et al., Plaintiffs-Appellees, v. The Republic of Argentina, Defendant-Appellant. SUMMARY ORDER UPON DUE CONSIDERATION, it is hereby ...


Aurelius Capital Partners, LP et al v. The Republic of ...

https://www.unitedstatescourts.org/federal/nysd/434786


Aurelius Capital Partners, LP et al v. The Republic of Argentina | 28:1330 Breach of Contract | 190 Contract: Other


Aurelius Capital Partners, LP v. The Republic of Argentina ...

https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/10913085/Aurelius_Capital...


Aurelius Capital Partners, LP v. The Republic of Argentina (0:16-cv-00665), Second Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals, Filed: 03/04/2016 - PacerMonitor Mobile Federal and ...


Aurelius Capital Partners, LP Form D filed March 17, 2017

form-d.findthecompany.com/l/353585/Aurelius-Capital-Partners-LP


Research private fundraising by Aurelius Capital Partners, LP. Find the details of their March 17, 2017 Form D filing and compare it to their past filings.


Aurelius Capital Partners LP et al v. The Republic of ...

https://dockets.justia.com/docket/new-york/nysdce/1:2007cv11327/318163


Justia Dockets & Filings Second Circuit New York New York Southern District Court Aurelius Capital Partners LP et ... by Aurelius Capital Partners LP, Aurelius ...


AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS LP v. Administración ... - Findlaw

caselaw.findlaw.com/us-2nd-circuit/1498911.html


Case opinion for US 2nd Circuit AURELIUS CAPITAL PARTNERS LP v. Administración Nacional de Seguridad Social, Interested-Party-Appellant.. Read the Court's full ...



Searches related toaurelius capital partners lp



mark brodsky aurelius capital managem...


aurelius invest


aurelius private equity



aurelius ag


dan gropper aurelius capital


aurelius golf offer




12345Next






Answers







APriori Capital Partners



sheet as well as capital contributed by employees. In 1992, the firm raised its first institutional private equity fund (DLJ Merchant Banking Partners,...

more






Resilience Capital Partners



Resilience Fund LP (2002) The Resilience Fund II LP (2006) The Resilience Fund III LP (2012), Resilience Capital Partners currently has capital under

more






Inventus Capital Partners



commitments of $158 million. November 2007 — Inventus Capital Partners Fund I LP, $51.8 million November 2013 — Inventus Capital Partners Fund

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








