




















 



 Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp. Announces Pricing of $300,000,000 Initial Public 
         










    










 













 











 



















Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp. Announces Pricing of $300,000,000 Initial Public Offering
        																																
              











 News provided by
Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp.  
Oct 10, 2016, 21:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp. (the "Company"), a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 30,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units will be listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and trade under the ticker symbol "AHPAU" beginning October 11, 2016. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one-half of one Class A common share.  Two warrants may be exercised for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are expected to be listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols "AHPA" and "AHPAW," respectively. 








Credit Suisse is serving as the sole book-running manager for the offering.  The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 4,500,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. 
The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained from Credit Suisse, Prospectus Department, One Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010; Telephone: (800) 221-1037; email: newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com.
A registration statement relating to the securities was declared effective by the SEC on October 7, 2016. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 
This press release contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements," including with respect to the proposed initial public offering and the anticipated use of the net proceeds. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated.  Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Company's registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the Company's offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").  Copies are available on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov.  The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law. 
Media Contact:
Daniel Yunger and Kathleen Pierre, KEKSTEmail: Daniel.Yunger@kekst.com, Kathleen.Pierre@kekst.com
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/avista-healthcare-public-acquisition-corp-announces-pricing-of-300000000-initial-public-offering-300342272.html
SOURCE Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp.



 












Nov 28, 2016, 16:05 ET
Preview: Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp.  Announces the Separate Trading of its Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants, Commencing November 29, 2016






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp. Announces Pricing of $300,000,000 Initial Public Offering


 News provided by
Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp.  
Oct 10, 2016, 21:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




	Avista Corporation - Avista Advantage Acquisition of TelAssess Bolsters Product Offering














Avista Corp








































Avista Corp   












Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Connect with us on LinkedIn


Search for:




Media Inquiries

Journalists and media professionals can contact our Corporate Communications department by calling our 24/7 Media Line at 509-495-4174

Avista Twitter Feed
Tweets about "@AvistaUtilities"


Tweet to @AvistaUtilities






News Releases
















<< [Back to News Releases]

Avista Advantage Acquisition of TelAssess Bolsters Product Offering
Company strengthens commitment to telecom expense management

SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 10 // -- Avista Advantage, a subsidiary of Avista Corp. (NYSE: AVA), has acquired telecom consulting firm TelAssess, Inc. as a part of its ongoing expansion into the telecom expense management (TEM) service market.
(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20040128/SFW031LOGO )
Enhancing service and product offerings is primary among Avista Advantage's corporate initiatives, leading to the acquisition of a successful telecom expense management company with expertise in telecom network design, inventory control, contract negotiation and RFPs, as well as TEM solutions and audits. The acquisition of TelAssess enhances Avista Advantage's telecom service offering through advanced automation and tracking of audit functions, deeper analysis of long distance and data services, and the addition of wireless management. Much like its core utility service, Avista Advantage's telecom expense management services enable clients to proactively plan and better manage telecom costs, more easily identify areas for cost savings, and benefit from our reporting tools.
"It was a logical step to expand the company's success in utility expense management to the telecom arena," said Stu Stiles, Avista Advantage president and chief executive officer. "Avista Advantage, with the acquisition of TelAssess, now delivers a more expanded product set, enabling clients to operate their telecom departments with a higher level of information and increase their savings opportunities."
Avista Advantage has a client base of more than 350 of the largest organizations in America, representing over 160,000 locations nationally. Advantage continues to add to its customer base with an overall growth rate of 38 percent over the past year, including significant additions in the food service, entertainment and retail service sectors.
About Avista Advantage
Avista Advantage, founded in 1995, is the leading provider of expense management and facility intelligence tools designed to cut costs out of utility, telecom and waste services. Through process and pay, audit, reporting and consulting services, our patented technology and services provide multi- site companies with critical, yet easy-to-access information, enabling them to proactively manage and reduce facility-related expenses. Avista Advantage's patented Facility IQ™ System provides online access to consolidated costs as well as powerful analytical consulting services and real-time, flexible reporting tools. For more information about Avista Advantage, visit the company's website at http://www.avistaadvantage.com/
About Avista Corp.
Avista Corp. is an energy company involved in the production, transmission and distribution of energy as well as other energy-related businesses. Avista Utilities is a company operating division that provides service to 330,000 electric and 305,000 natural gas customers in three western states. Avista's non-regulated subsidiaries include Avista Advantage and Avista Energy. Avista Corp.'s stock is traded under the ticker symbol "AVA." For more information about Avista, please visit http://www.avistacorp.com/.
Avista Corp. and the Avista Corp. logo are trademarks of Avista Corporation.
Photo: NewsCom: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20040128/SFW031LOGO
AP Archive: http://photoarchive.ap.org/
PRN Photo Desk photodesk@prnewswire.com
SOURCE: Avista Advantage

<< [Back to News Releases]














CONNECT WITH US

  
  
  
  

 
AVISTA TWITTER FEED
Tweets by @AvistaUtilities

 


















AVISTA HEALTHCARE PUBLIC ACQUISITION CORP. (AHPAU) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





AVISTA HEALTHCARE PUBLIC ACQUISITION CORP. (AHPAU) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
AVISTA HEALTHCARE PUBLIC ACQUISITION CORP.


Company Address
65 EAST 55TH STREET18TH FLOORNEW YORK, NY 10022


Company Phone
212 593-6900


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
David Burgstahler


Employees  (as of 10/11/2016) 
4


State of Inc
NY


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (10/11/2016)


Proposed Symbol
AHPAU


Exchange
NASDAQ Capital


Share Price
$10.00


Shares Offered
30,000,000


Offer Amount
$300,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$900,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
37,500,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
4/10/2017


Quiet Period Expiration
11/21/2016


CIK
0001661181




We are offering 30,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We
estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will
receive from the sale of the private placement warrants will be used as set
forth in the following table.

                                                Without Over-        Over-Allotment   
                                               Allotment Option     Option Exercised   
Gross proceeds                                                                         
Gross proceeds from units offered to                                                  
public(1)                                     $      300,000,000   $      345,000,000  
Gross proceeds from private placement                                                 
warrants offered in the private placement              8,000,000            8,900,000  
                                                                                       
Total gross proceeds                          $      308,000,000   $      353,900,000  
Offering expenses(2)                                                                   
Underwriting commissions (2.0% of gross                                               
proceeds from units offered to public,                                                
excluding deferred portion)(3)                $        6,000,000   $        6,900,000  
Legal fees and expenses                                  450,000              450,000  
Accounting fees and expenses                              50,000               50,000  
Printing and engraving expenses                           50,000               50,000  
SEC expenses                                              34,742               34,742  
FINRA expenses                                            52,250               52,250  
Travel and road show                                      20,000               20,000  
Directors and officers insurance                         100,000              100,000  
NASDAQ listing and filing fees                            75,000               75,000  
Miscellaneous expenses(4)                                 68,008               68,008  
                                                                                       
Total offering expenses (other than                                                   
underwriting commissions)                     $          900,000   $          900,000  
Proceeds after offering expenses              $      301,100,000   $      346,100,000  
                                                                                       
Held in trust account(3)                      $      300,000,000   $      345,000,000  
% of public offering size                                    100 %                100 %
Not held in trust account(2)                  $        1,100,000   $        1,100,000  

The following table shows the use of the approximately $1,100,000 of net
proceeds not held in the trust account(5).

                                                             Amount       % of Total   
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other                                   
expenses in connection with any business combination(6)    $   450,000           40.9 %
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory                                       
reporting obligations                                          150,000           13.6 %
Payment for office space, administrative and support                                  
services                                                       240,000           21.8 %
Reserve for liquidation expenses                                50,000            4.6 %
NASDAQ continued listing fees                                   75,000            6.8 %
Other miscellaneous expenses                                   135,000           12.3 %
                                                                                       
Total                                                      $ 1,100,000          100.0 %

(1) Includes amounts payable to public shareholders who properly redeem their
    shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business
    combination.

(2) A portion of the offering expenses have been paid from the proceeds of loans 
    from our sponsor of up to $300,000 as described in this prospectus. As of 
    June 30, 2016, we had borrowed $175,000 under the promissory note with our 
    sponsor. Subsequent to June 30, 2016, our sponsor loaned us an additional 
    $125,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These 
    loans will be repaid upon completion of this offering out of the $2,000,000 
    of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering 
    expenses (other than underwriting commissions) and amounts not to be held
    in the trust account. In the event that offering expenses are less than as 
    set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing 
    working capital expenses. In the event that the offering expenses are more 
    than as set forth in this table, we may fund such excess with funds not held 
    in the trust account.

(3) The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal to 3.5%
    of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon completion of our initial
    business combination, $10,500,000, which constitutes the underwriters'
    deferred commissions (or up to $12,075,000 if the underwriters'
    over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the
    underwriters from the funds held in the trust account, and the remaining
    funds will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the
    purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial
    business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including
    payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection
    with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other
    companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to
    any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and
    commissions.

(4) Includes organizational and administrative expenses and may include amounts
    related to above-listed expenses in the event actual amounts exceed
    estimates.

(5) These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all
    of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example,
    we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current
    estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring a business
    combination based upon the level of complexity of such business
    combination. In the event we identify an acquisition target in a specific
    industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses
    associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal
    counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may
    engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due
    diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds,
    other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses,
    which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any
    specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The
    amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from
    the trust account. Based on current interest rates, we would expect
    approximately $60,000 to be available to us from interest earned on the
    funds held in the trust account over 12 months following the investment of
    such funds in specified U.S. Government Treasury bills beginning in January
    2017; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. This
    estimate assumes an interest rate of 0.02% per annum based upon current
    yields of securities in which the trust account may be invested. In
    addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an
    intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our
    sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
    to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business
    combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the
    trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only
    out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial
    business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
    capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no
    proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts.
    Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price
    of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be
    identical to the private placement warrants issued to our initial
    shareholders. The terms of such loans by our sponsor, affiliate of our
    sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors, if any, have not been
    determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We
    do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an
    affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing
    to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek
    access to funds in our trust account.

(6) Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our
    initial business combination to fund a 'no shop" provision and commitment
    fees for financing.

The rules of the NASDAQ provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from
this offering and the private placement be deposited in a trust account. Of the
net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants,
$300,000,000 (or $345,000,000 if the underwriters' over-allotment option is
exercised in full), including $10,500,000 (or up to $12,075,000 if the
underwriters' over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred
underwriting commissions, will, upon the consummation of this offering, be
placed in a non-interest bearing U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.
Beginning in January 2017, the funds in the trust account will be invested only
in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. Based on current interest rates, we estimate that the interest
earned on the trust account will be approximately $60,000 per year, assuming an
interest rate of 0.02% per year, following the investment of such funds in
specified U.S. government treasury bills or in specified money market funds
beginning in January 2017. We will not be permitted to withdraw any of the
principal or interest held in the trust account except for the withdrawal of
interest to pay taxes, if any, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of
the private placement warrants will not be released from the trust account until
the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the
redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association to modify the substance and timing of our obligation to redeem 100%
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of this offering and (iii) the redemption of
all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to
applicable law. Based on current interest rates, we do not expect that interest
earned on the trust account will be sufficient to pay taxes.

The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay 
the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial 
business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using 
equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust 
account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial
business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the
trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or
expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of
principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial
business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working
capital.

We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs 
and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the 
fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in 
connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due 
diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective 
acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or 
other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination.
However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and
negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to
do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability
and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek
additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or
additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their
affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to,
or invest in, us.

We will enter into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we 
will pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees.

Prior to the closing of this offering, our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to 
$300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of June 
30, 2016, we had borrowed $175,000 under the promissory note with our sponsor. 
Subsequent to June 30, 2016, our sponsor loaned us an additional $125,000 to be 
used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are 
non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2016 
or the closing of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of 
this offering out of the $2,000,000 of offering proceeds not held in the trust 
account.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an 
intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to,
loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust
account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds
held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our
trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant at
the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private
placement warrants issued to our initial shareholders. The terms of such loans
by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from
parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not
believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do
not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination 
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may also purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination. The price per share paid in any such 
transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder 
would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial 
business combination. However, such persons have no current commitments, plans 
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms 
or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, 
they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any 
material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases 
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently 
anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject 
to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction 
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the 
purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are 
subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.

We may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net 
tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be
less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC's "penny stock"
rules) and the agreement for our initial business combination may require as a
closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights so that we
cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or cash
requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or 
the business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business 
combination.

A public shareholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account 
only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business 
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in 
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum 
and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation 
to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business 
combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and (iii) the 
redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial 
business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, 
subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder 
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.

Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant 
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our 
initial business combination. In addition, our initial shareholders, officers 
and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions 
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to 
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
However, if our sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquires
public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating 
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we 
fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame.


In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial
business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check
companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating
businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well
established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business
combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our
ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in
pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to
pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their
redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they
potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in
successfully negotiating an initial business combination.


Company Description
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated on December 4, 2015 as 
a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a 
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or 
similar business combination with one or more businesses,


 which we refer to 
throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not 
identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on 
our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with 
respect to identifying any business combination target.

Our founders are two of the founders and managing partners of Avista. Avista is 
a middle market private equity firm focused on control buyout and growth 
investments in the healthcare, communications and industrial sectors, with
offices in New York, Houston and London. Thompson Dean, our Executive Chairman,
and David Burgstahler, our President and Chief Executive Officer, were two of
the founders of Avista in 2005. Our founders have worked together for over
20 years. Over the past 10 years, Avista has raised four private equity funds
(Avista Capital Partners I, II, III and IV L.P.) and had approximately
$6 billion in assets under management as of June 30, 2016. We expect that Avista
will raise additional funds and / or successor funds in the future.

Our management team has significant experience sourcing, analyzing, acquiring 
and operating healthcare related businesses. Since inception, Avista funds have 
invested in 15 healthcare portfolio companies.

While we may acquire a target business in any industry or location, our initial 
focus will be to acquire and operate a North American or European 
healthcare-related business. AHPAC will target businesses in the healthcare
industry that it considers to have strong management teams, stable cash flows
and robust growth prospects. We believe that we derive significant benefit from
our management team and board members (the "AHPAC team") as well as our
affiliation with Avista. We believe that the AHPAC team brings a distinctive
blend of private equity investing experience, deal sourcing capabilities and
operating expertise. Our team has extensive experience not only identifying and
executing such acquisitions, but also running and operating the businesses post
transaction. In addition, the AHPAC team has significant experience working with
private companies to reshape their operations and help drive value creation. Not
all of such companies have achieved the same level of value creation.

We believe that the AHPAC team is well positioned to identify attractive 
acquisition candidates because of their extensive contacts and transaction
sources, including a broad list of industry executives, public board members,
private owners, wealthy families, private capital managers, private equity
funds, investment bankers and other transaction intermediaries. A central
component of our acquisition strategy is our management team's ability to
implement value creation initiatives designed to drive shareholder value as they
have done in the past for Avista portfolio companies, not all of which have
achieved the same level of shareholder value. The AHPAC team blends financial
sophistication, operating perspective and business management skills to execute
on these initiatives.
---

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company formed on December 4, 2015. Our
executive offices are located at 65 East 55th St., 18th Floor, New York,
NY 10022 and our telephone number is 212-593-6900.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$16,050


Total Assets
$593,501






Total Liabilities
$609,713


Stockholders' Equity
-$16,212


View all Company Financials for AHPAU


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



AVISTA HEALTHCARE PUBLIC ACQUISITION CORP.
424B4
10/11/2016
Filing



AVISTA HEALTHCARE PUBLIC ACQUISITION CORP.
S-1/A
10/7/2016
Filing



AVISTA HEALTHCARE PUBLIC ACQUISITION CORP.
S-1/A
9/30/2016
Filing



AVISTA HEALTHCARE PUBLIC ACQUISITION CORP.
S-1
9/2/2016
Filing



View all SEC Filings for AHPAU




Experts


Auditor
Marcum LLP


Company Counsel
Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP


Lead Underwriter
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC


Transfer Agent
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company


Underwriter
I-Bankers Securities, Inc


Underwriter Counsel
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP









News for AHPAU









                        Blank check company Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition prices $300 million IPO at $10
                    

10/10/2016 10:44:37 PM - Renaissance Capital



                        US IPO Weekly Recap: August lull ends with the average 2016 IPO up 32%
                    

9/2/2016 3:38:08 PM - Renaissance Capital



                        Blank check company Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition files and sets terms for $300 million IPO
                    

9/2/2016 1:34:53 PM - Renaissance Capital




 Subscribe


                More AHPAU News & Commentary



                Read AHPAU Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Nasdaq posts higher-than-expected quarterly profit
                        



	                     7:53AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            BOK Financial Reports Quarterly Earnings of $88 Million
                        



	                     7:50AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Coca-Cola profit beats on demand for healthier drinks
                        



	                     7:49AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Ultra Petroleum Corp. to Webcast Second Quarter 2017 Results
                        



	                     7:45AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































 



Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Avista Corporation (AVA) by Hydro One Limited (H) May Not Be in Shareholders' Best Interests | Business Wire
























































Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Avista Corporation (AVA) by Hydro 
      One Limited (H) May Not Be in Shareholders' Best Interests






July 20, 2017 03:01 PM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN DIEGO & SPOKANE, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Shareholder rights attorneys at Robbins Arroyo LLP are investigating 
      the proposed acquisition of Avista Corporation (NYSE: AVA) by Hydro One 
      Limited (TSX: H). On July 19, 2017 the two companies announced the 
      signing of a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Hydro One 
      will acquire Avista Corp. Under the terms of the agreement, Avista Corp. 
      shareholders will receive $53.00 for each share of Avista Corp. common 
      stock.
    


      View this information on the law firm's Shareholder Rights Blog: www.robbinsarroyo.com/shareholders-rights-blog/avista-corporation


Is the Proposed Acquisition Best for Avista Corp. and Its 
      Shareholders?


      Robbins Arroyo LLP's investigation focuses on whether the board of 
      directors at Avista Corp. is undertaking a fair process to obtain 
      maximum value and adequately compensate its shareholders.
    

      On May 3, 2017, Avista Corp. reported strong earnings results for its 
      first quarter 2017. Avista Corp. reported net income attributable to 
      Avista Corp. shareholders of $62.1 million, a 7.8% increase from the 
      same period of the prior year. In commenting on these results, Avista 
      Corp. President, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer 
      Scott Morris remarked, "We are off to a good start in 2017, with 
      consolidated earnings above our expectations. Our higher earnings in the 
      first quarter were mainly from increased hydroelectric generation, which 
      put us in a benefit position in the Energy Recovery Mechanism (ERM) in 
      Washington, and lower than expected operating expenses."
    

      In light of these facts, Robbins Arroyo LLP is examining Avista Corp.'s 
      board of directors' decision to sell the company now rather than allow 
      shareholders to continue to participate in the company's continued 
      success and future growth prospects.
    

      Avista Corp. shareholders have the option to file a class action lawsuit 
      to ensure the board of directors obtains the best possible price for 
      shareholders and the disclosure of material information. Avista Corp. 
      shareholders interested in information about their rights and potential 
      remedies can contact attorney Leo Kandinov at (800) 350-6003, lkandinov@robbinsarroyo.com, 
      or via the shareholder 
      information form on the firm's website.
    

      Robbins Arroyo LLP is a nationally recognized leader in securities 
      litigation and shareholder rights law. The law firm represents 
      individual and institutional investors in shareholder derivative and 
      securities class action lawsuits, and has helped its clients realize 
      more than $1 billion of value for themselves and the companies in which 
      they have invested.
    

      Attorney Advertising. Past results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
    




Contacts

      Robbins Arroyo LLPLeonid Kandinov(619) 525-3990 or Toll Free 
      (800) 350-6003lkandinov@robbinsarroyo.comwww.robbinsarroyo.com
















Release Summary
Do you own shares of Avista Corporation? Robbins Arroyo LLP is investigating claims on behalf of shareholders of Avista Corp.




#Hashtags

#AvistaCorporation
#AvistaMerger
#AvistaLawsuit



$Cashtags

$H
$AVA





Contacts

      Robbins Arroyo LLPLeonid Kandinov(619) 525-3990 or Toll Free 
      (800) 350-6003lkandinov@robbinsarroyo.comwww.robbinsarroyo.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up













  AHPAU:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp   AHPAU:US   NASDAQ CM        10.36USD   0.01   0.10%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   10.22    Day Range   10.20 - 10.36    Volume   786    Previous Close   10.37    52Wk Range   9.52 - 10.51                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   10.22    Day Range   10.20 - 10.36    Volume   786    Previous Close   10.37    52Wk Range   9.52 - 10.51    YTD Return   2.32%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   401.450    Shares Outstanding  (m)   31.000    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     4/7/2017   Galenica Sante Prices Largest European Offering this Year     3/31/2017   Galenica Sante Expects to Price First Swiss IPO of the Year    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp. operates as a special purpose acquisition company. The Company aims to acquire one and more businesses and assets, via a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, and reorganization. Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition focuses on acquiring business in the healthcare industry.    Address  65 East 55th Street18th FloorNew York, NY 10022United States   Phone  1-212-593-6900   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Thompson Dean "Tom"  Chairman    David F Burgstahler  President/CEO    John Cafasso  Chief Financial Officer    Benjamin Silbert "Ben"  Secretary/General Counsel     Show More         








Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














	Avista Capital Partners : Investments : Historical Investments
































About Avista

Approach

Investments

Team

News

Investor Log-In








Home:
Investments




                            
    Investments

                        






Current


Historical







            Historical Investments








Company
            


Industry
            


Location
            




                        Accellent
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Wilmington, MA
                    



                        In 2004, DLJMB acquired Accellent, a leading provider of fully integrated outsourced manufacturing and engineering services to the medical device industry in the cardiology, endoscopy and orthopaedic markets. In 2005, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Bain Capital LLC acquired the company in a transaction valued at $1.27 billion.
www.accellent.com






                        ACP II Marcellus
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



                        Through ACP II Marcellus, Avista formed a joint venture with Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (Nasdaq: CRZO) focused on the acquisition and exploitation of natural gas assets in the Marcellus Shale formation in the Appalachian Basin.







                        Advanstar
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        New York, NY
                    



                        Advanstar is a leading worldwide provider of integrated, B-to-B marketing communications products and services for targeted industry sectors, principally through trade shows, conferences and controlled circulation trade, business and professional magazines. The company's product portfolio consists of 81 events, 58 publications and directories, 125 electronic publications and Web sites, as well as educational and direct marketing products and services. Notable assets include the MAGIC show, held twice annually in Las Vegas, showcasing 3,100 companies, 5,000 brands and 20,000 product lines at each event.
www.advanstar.com






                        American Ref-Fuel Company, LLC
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Montvale, NJ
                    



                        American Ref-Fuel operated five waste-to-energy facilities located in the northeastern United States. The company derived its revenues from disposal and tipping fees for accepting waste and the sale of electricity and steam produced by its five facilities under long-term contracts with municipalities. In June 2005, Danielson Holding Corp., now Covanta Holding Corporation (NYSE/CVA), acquired American Ref-Fuel for $740 million in cash and assumption of debt.







                        AngioDynamics
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Latham, NY
                    



                        AngioDynamics (Nasdaq: ANGO) is a leading provider of innovative, minimally invasive medical devices for vascular access, surgery, peripheral vascular disease and oncology.  In May 2012, AngioDynamics completed its acquisition of Avista's original portfolio company, Navilyst Medical, a leading manufacturer and distributor of single use fluid management and venous access medical devices.  Navilyst Medical was formed in February 2008 to acquire the Fluid Management and Venuous Access businesses from Boston Scientific Corporation.  
www.angiodynamics.com







                        Arcade
                    

                     Communications
                    

                        New York, NY
                    



                        In 1997, DLJMB acquired Arcade Holding Company, a leading provider of specialty printing, sampling and marketing services for the fragrance and cosmetic industry. In 2004, the company was sold to Visant Corporation, another DLJMB portfolio company
www.arcadeinc.com






                        Argyle Television
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        San Antonio, TX
                    



                        At the time of the investment in 1993, Argyle Television Holding owned four network-affiliated television stations located in Dallas/Fort Worth, TX; Austin, TX; St. Louis, MO; and Birmingham, AL. In 1995, DLJMB sold these properties to New World Communications.







                        Basic Energy Services, Inc
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Midland, TX
                    



                        Basic is a provider of well-site services to the domestic oil and natural gas industry.  The company focuses on services that support the entire lifecycle of a well, including production enhancement, maintenance of existing oil and natural gas wells, well completion and plugging services.  Basic provides these services primarily to exploration and production companies throughout the major oil and gas producing regions in Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Arkansas, Kansas and the Rocky Mountain states.    
www.basicenergyservices.com







                        BioReliance Corporation
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Rockville, MD
                    



                        BioReliance is the largest provider of outsourcing services focused on the rapidly growing biologics sector of the pharmaceutical industry.
www.bioreliance.com







                        Brand Services Inc
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Kennesaw, GA
                    



                        Provider of industrial scaffolding services.







                        Brigham Exploration Company
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Austin, TX
                    



                        Brigham is involved in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas in the Gulf Coast, Anadarko Basin and Permian Basin of the U.S. The company applies 3-D seismic imaging and other advanced geological interpretation techniques to explore and develop its oil and natural gas fields.
www.bexp3d.com






                        Caledonia Gas and Oil Limited
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        London, UK
                    



                        Caledonia was a U.K. based natural gas company focused on the acquisition, operation and exploitation of producing natural gas fields and transportation systems located in the Southern Gas Basin of the North Sea. Originally investing in Consort Group Limited, DLJMB participated in the purchase of Consort's assets by Caledonia through the rollover of its investment. Caledonia was acquired by E.ON AG for $846 million in November 2005.







                        Charles River Laboratories
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Wilmington, MA
                    



                        At the time of the investment in Charles River in 1999, the company was a worldwide leader in commercial production and supply of live research models for scientific and pharmaceutical research and development and a leading supplier of related biomedical products and services in several niche markets. DLJMB exited its position in the company subsequent to the Company's initial public offering in June of 2000.
www.criver.com






                        ConvaTec Group
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        Reading, UK
                    



                        ConvaTec Group Plc (LON: "CTEC") is a global leader in the development, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of medical devices for the treatment of chronic care conditions, with products serving the advanced wound care, ostomy, incontinence and infusion device markets.
www.convatecgroup.com







                        Copano Energy
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



                        Copano operates natural gas gathering systems, intrastate pipelines and natural gas processing plants in Texas and Oklahoma. The company has expanded aggressively since completing its initial public offering in November 2004.
www.copanoenergy.com






                        DataBank
                    

                     Communications
                    

                        Dallas, TX
                    



                        DataBank is a leading provider of enterprise class services aimed at providing 100 percent uptime and availability of customer data, applications, and equipment. DataBank's managed data center services are built around its world class 2(N) facilities and multi-homed internet access hub. With these building blocks, DataBank can provide availability solutions for any sized customer.
www.databank.com







                        Enduring Resources I
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Denver, CO
                    



                        Enduring is focused on the acquisition and exploitation of long-lived natural gas assets in domestic onshore basins. The company was formed in November 2004 by the former senior management team of Westport Resources Corp., a publicly traded Rocky Mountain-based exploration and production company that was sold to Kerr-McGee Corp. (NYSE/KMG) in 2003. Since its inception, Enduring has acquired over 185,000 net acres in the Uinta Basin and in East Texas and has begun an active development program.
www.enduringresources.com







                        Enduring Resources II
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



Enduring Resources II, LLC is focused on the acquisition and exploitation of long-lived oil and natural gas assets in domestic onshore basins.  The company was formed in November 2004 by the former senior management team of Westport Resources Corp., a publicly traded Rocky Mountain-based exploration and production company that was sold to Kerr-McGee Corp. (NYSE/KMG) in 2003.
www.enduringresources.com






                        Evergreen Media
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        Irving, TX
                    



                        In 1992, DLJMB invested structured equity in Evergreen Media corporation, which owned and operated radio stations in major metropolitan areas, to fund the company's accretive acquisition program. Evergreen conducted its initial public offering in October of 1993. The company later merged with Chancellor Media in 1996 and changed its name to AMFM, Inc. before being acquired by Clear Channel Communications in 2000.







                        Fisher Scientific
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        Hampton, NH
                    



                        In 1998, DLJMB participated in the recapitalization of Fisher Scientific. At the time of the investment, Fisher was the world's leading supplier of scientific research products. DLJMB exited the position subsequent to the company's initial public offering during 2001.
www.fishersci.com






                        Focus Diagnostics
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Herndon, VA
                    



                        In 2000, DLJMB acquired Focus Diagnostics, a scientifically driven infectious disease diagnostics company that has consistently been among the first to develop diagnostics for new infectious disease agents such as West Nile Virus and SARS. The fund exited the investment via a strategic sale in 2006 to Quest Diagnostics, the nation's leading provider of diagnostic testing, information and services and Eurofins Scientific, a global leader in bio-analysis.
www.focusdx.com






                        Frontier Drilling
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



                        Frontier is an independent international provider of deepwater offshore drilling and production services for the oil industry, focused on the operation and management of offshore drilling rigs and floating production vessels.
www.frontier-drill.com






                        Frontier Drilling ASA
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Bergen, Norway
                    



                        Frontier owns and operates a dynamically positioned floating production, storage and offloading vessel and three conventional drillships. The company's FPSO is under long-term contract in Brazil, one drillship has a backlog of work in Southeast Asia and the remaining two drillships recently entered into long term contracts with a major oil company and are being refurbished and upgraded.
www.frontier-drill.com






                        Gala Group Limited
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        London, UK
                    



                        Leading operator of bingo clubs and casinos in the UK.







                        GeoKinetics
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



                        Geokinetics is a leading provider of seismic acquisition and data processing services to oil and gas companies onshore in the U.S. and in Canada.
www.geokineticsinc.com







                        Haights Cross
                    

                     Communications
                    

                        White Plains, NY
                    



                        At the time of the investment in Haights Cross Communications in 1999, the company was a leading creator, publisher and marketer of professional and supplemental educational materials. DLJMB exited its preferred investment in the company during January of 2004.
www.haightscross.com






                        INC Research
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Raleigh, NC
                    



                        INC Research is a therapeutically focused contract research organization with a high performance reputation for conducting global clinical development programs of the highest integrity. Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies look to INC Research for a complete range of customized Phase I - Phase IV programs in therapeutic areas of specialty, and in innovative pediatric and women’s health trials.
www.incresearch.com







                        IVAC
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        San Diego, CA
                    



                        At the time of the acquisition of IVAC in 1994, the Company was a leading manufacturer and marketer in two medical device market segments: (i) infusion therapy pumps and related disposables and (ii) vital signs and measurement instruments. The fund exited the investment via a strategic sale to IMED during 1996. In 1997, the combined company announced a name change to Alaris Medical, Inc.
www.alarismed.com






                        Katz Media
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        New York, NY
                    



                        At the time of the acquisition of Katz in 1994, the company was the only full service media representation firm in the United States, serving all types of broadcast media, with leading market shares in the representation of radio stations, television stations and cable television systems. Katz conducted its initial public offering in April of 1995 after which DLJMB sold the fund's interest in the company.







                        Kinectic Concepts
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        San Antonio, TX
                    



                        In 2003, DLJMB acquired Kinetic Concepts, a leading global medical technology company with leadership positions in advanced wound care and therapeutic services. DLJMB exited its position in the company subsequent to the Company's initial public offering in February of 2004.
www.kci1.com






                        Laramie Energy, LLC
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Denver, CO
                    



                        Laramie is engaged in the exploitation and production of unconventional natural gas reserves in domestic onshore markets. The company was formed in 2004 by Bob Boswell, former Chairman and CEO of Forest Oil Corp. (NYSE/FST), a publicly traded Denver-based exploration and production company, and Jim Schroeder, former CEO and President of a subsidiary of Progress Energy, Inc. (NYSE/PGN). Laramie has acquired over 45,000 net acres in the Piceance Basin and maintains an aggressive development program.
www.laramie-energy.com







                        Medicine Bow Energy Corp
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Denver, CO
                    



                        Medicine Bow focused on acquiring and exploiting under-managed natural gas and crude oil assets throughout mature onshore basins in the United States. The company also held a 39% interest in Four Star Oil & Gas, Inc., a joint venture with Chevron Corp. In August 2005, El Paso Corporation (NYSE/EP) acquired Medicine Bow for $834 million.







                        Medserve
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



                        MedServe provides medical waste removal and destruction and related environmental services to hospitals, health care clinics, doctors' offices and other generators of medical waste.
www.medserveinc.com







                        Merrill Corporation
                    

                     Communications
                    

                        St. Paul, MN
                    



                        Merrill is a diversified communication and document service company applying advanced information systems and intranet/Internet technology to provide a broad range of services to financial, legal and corporate clients. Merrill's services integrate traditional composition, imaging and printing services with online document management, distribution and collaborative solutions. This integrated approach helps streamline the preparation and distribution of business-to-business communication materials.
www.merrillcorp.com






                        Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        Los Angeles, CA
                    



                        Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a premier global entertainment company actively engaged in the development and worldwide production and distribution of entertainment product, including theatrical motion pictures, television programming, home video, interactive media, music and licensed merchandise. The company's library contains approximately 4,000 theatrically released feature film titles, representing the largest collection of post-1948 feature films in the world, and 10,400 television episodes, including the James Bond film franchise.
www.mgm.com






                        Michael Petroleum Corp
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



                        Michael Petroleum Corporation was engaged in the acquisition and development of natural gas properties in the Lobo Trend of South Texas, one of the largest onshore natural gas producing regions in the U.S. With capital from DLJMB and a partner, Michael emerged from a reorganization in 2000 and quickly grew reserves and production as a result of accelerating its drilling and development program. The company was sold in August 2001 to Calpine Corporation for $367 million.







                        Neuf Telecom
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        Boulogne Billancourt, FR
                    



                        Fiber optic network and data center services provider.







                        Nimbus CD
                    

                     Communications
                    

                        Ruckersville, VA
                    



                        In 1992, DLJMB acquired Nimbus, which was a leading independent manufacturer of compact discs and CD-ROMs. In 1995, the fund sold the majority of its interest in the company to a consortium led by McCown Deleeuw. In 1998, Nimbus was then acquired by Carlton Communications Plc.







                        Nycomed
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        Roskilde, Denmark
                    



                        Nycomed is a mid-sized pharmaceutical company focused on the sale of branded prescription and over-the-counter drugs in the Nordic, continental Europe and CIS regions.
www.nycomed.com







                        Oxford Health Plans
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        Trumball, CT
                    



                        In 1998, DLJMB participated in the recapitalization of Oxford Health. Oxford was a leading health maintenance organization in need of a turnaround. In 2000, the company began to redeem the fund's investment as its operations improved.
www.oxhp.com






                        PCDI
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        Norcross, GA
                    



                        PCDI is a leader in the growing market for distance education, providing accredited high school programs, postsecondary career diploma programs, and associate and masters' degree programs to over 200,000 new students annually in all 50 states as well as internationally. The company offers the mass market, particularly the value-conscious segment of the 18-45 year-old population, easy access to the benefits of quality, low-cost distance education at a convenient and self-dictated pace.
www.pcdi.com






                        Pinnacle Gas Resources
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Sheridan, WY
                    



                        Pinnacle is engaged in the development and production of coalbed methane gas in Wyoming and Montana. The company was formed in 2003 by DLJMB in partnership with US Energy Corp. (NASDAQ/USEG) and Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (NASDAQ/CRZO). Through multiple strategic acquisitions, Pinnacle has amassed 300,000 net acres in the Powder River Basin since its formation, and is one of the leading participants in the basin.
www.pinnaclegas.com






                        Prometheus Laboratories
                    

                    Healthcare
                       
                    

                        San Diego, CA
                    



                        In 2001, DLJMB participated in the recapitalization of Prometheus Laboratories, a specialty pharmaceutical company committed to developing new ways to help physicians individualize patient care. The company focuses on the treatment, diagnosis and detection of gastrointestinal, autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and disorders.
www.prometheuslabs.com






                        Royal Offshore
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Corpus Christi, TX
                    



                        Royal Offshore is an exploration and production company focused on drilling and development activity in the Gulf of Mexico.








                        Seabulk International Inc
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Ft. Lauderdale, FL
                    



                        Seabulk was a provider of marine-based energy services including tankers serving US coastwise trade, offshore supply boat vessels supporting offshore drilling and production, and harbor towing. In June 2005, Seabulk completed a merger with SEACOR Holdings, Inc. (NYSE/CKH), a global provider of marine support and transportation services to the energy and chemical industries.
www.seacorholdings.com






                        Shoppers Drug Mart Limited
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        Toronto, ON
                    



                        Drug store chain.
www.shoppersdrugmart.ca






                        Sidewinder
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    



                        Sidewinder is a land-based drilling contractor headquartered in Houston, Texas. The Company was formed in 2011 and utilizes a technologically advanced fleet of highly mobile, operationally flexible, ultra-efficient land drilling rigs to service exploration and production companies.  
www.sidewinder-drilling.com







                        Strategic Partners
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        Chatsworth, CA
                    



                        Strategic Partners, Inc. is a recognized national leader in the design and manufacturing of medical apparel and footwear and school uniforms. It distributes medical apparel under the Cherokee, Dickies, Baby Phat, Sketchers and Disney brands among others.
www.strategicpartners.net






                        Telseon, INC
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        Mountain View, CA
                    



                        High-speed data transport services provider.







                        The Star Tribune Company
                    

                     Communications
                    

                        Minneapolis, MN
                    



                        The Star Tribune is the leading information provider in the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area and includes the Star Tribune newspaper, StarTribune.com and other print and digital products and services. The Star Tribune is the largest daily and Sunday newspaper in the Twin Cities area with daily circulation in excess of 360,000 and Sunday circulation of approximately 600,000. The Star Tribune is the 10th largest Sunday paper and 14th largest daily paper in the United States.
www.startribune.com







                        Thompson Publishing
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        Washington, D.C.
                    



                        Thompson is a leading professional publisher of information on complex laws and regulations via subscription-based handbooks, newsletters, reference services, single-issue publications and the internet. With more than 300 publications and approximately 110,000 subscribers, Thompson serves professionals in the human resource, education, government grants, and banking fields.
www.thompson.com






                        Top-Co
                    

                     Energy
                    

                        Edmonton, Alberta
                    



                        Top-Co is a leading designer and manufacturer of specialized casing cementing products used in the drilling and completion of oil, natural gas and geothermal wells.
www.top-co.ca






                        TXU Corp
                    

                    Energy
                       
                    

                        Dallas, TX
                    



                        TXU is engaged in the generation, transmission, distribution and retail supply of electric power and ancillary services, primarily in Texas. The company is the largest competitive energy retailer in the U.S. In April 2004, DLJMB sold its investment back to the company.
www.txucorp.com






                        Ubiqui Tel
                    

                     Communications
                    

                        Conshohocken, PA
                    



                        Wireless communications provider.







                        Visant (Jostens)
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        Armonk, NY
                    



                        Visant (formerly Jostens) is a leading North American specialty printing, publishing, marketing and school-related affinity products and services enterprise. The company generates a large portion of its net sales from printing publishing and marketing products, which includes yearbooks, educational materials, diplomas, announcements and direct-marketing materials. In addition, the company manufactures and distributes non-print based school-related affinity products such as class rings, caps and gowns, and provides school photography services.
www.visant.net






                        Warner Chilcott
                    

                     Healthcare
                    

                        Rockaway, NJ
                    



                        In 2005, DLJMB led the leveraged buyout of Warner Chilcott, a leading specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing and marketing branded prescription pharmaceutical products. The company focuses on women's healthcare and dermatology and has established strong brand recognition and penetration with leading products such as Loestrin-24, Taclonex and Dovonex.
www.warnerchilcott.com






                        WRC Media
                    

                    Communications
                       
                    

                        New York, NY
                    



                        WRC Media Inc. is a leading publishing and media company which creates and distributes innovative supplementary educational materials for the school, library, and home markets that are designed to help students reach their full learning potential. The company's operating subsidiaries include CompassLearning¨, World Almanac Education Group, Inc., Weekly Reader Corporation, and WRC Consumer and Custom Publishing Group.
www.wrcmedia.com










New York
Houston
London


                                ©
                                2017
                                Avista Capital Partners.


Terms of Use|

Contact








