

	Simon Ayat | Schlumberger








































        In compliance with European Union (EU) legislation for visitors from the EU, Schlumberger requests your permission to place cookies on your computer to both improve your experience and to help us improve our website. To find more about these cookies, see the Schlumberger General Website Privacy Statement.






						Accept
					









 










Login | Register | Regional Sites | Contact













 Services & ProductsSeismicMarine Seismic Acquisition
Land Seismic Acquisition
Seismic Reservoir Characterization
Geophysical Processing 
Survey Design & Modeling
Seismic for Unconventional Resources
Borehole Seismic
Seismic Drilling Support
Multiclient Data Library
Geophysics Software 


Drilling ServicesWellhead Systems
Engineering & Real-Time Analysis
Drilling Services & Systems
LWD & MWD
Contract Drilling
Drilling Equipment Sales & Rentals
Drill Bits
Drilling Tools & Products
Drilling Fluid Solutions, Systems & Products
Surface Logging Services
Solids Control & Cuttings Management
Fluids Processing
Drilling Applications
Cementing Services


CharacterizationPetrophysics 
Geology
Geomechanics
Geophysics 
Reservoir Engineering
Reservoir Testing
Wireline Conveyance
Petrotechnical Services
Real-Time Operations Support


Completions15,000-psi Completions Systems
Multistage Stimulation Systems
Multilateral Completion Systems
Permanent Monitoring 
Intelligent Completions
Packers
Liner Hanger Systems
Isolation Valves
Safety Valves
Sand Control Services
Completion Accessories
Completion Systems, Fluids & Tools
Perforating
Stimulation
Subsea Landing String Services


Subsea ProductionSubsea Landing String Services
Subsea Artificial Lift Systems
OneSubsea


Production Artificial Lift
Production Logging
Production Testing
DryAccess Deepwater Production Systems
Production Monitoring
Production Optimization Services
Corrosion Evaluation and Monitoring
Production Technologies: Chemicals & Treatments


Processing & SeparationIntegrated Surface Production System
Oil Treatment
Water Treatment
Gas Processing & Treatment
Solids Management


Well InterventionCoiled Tubing
Slickline
Thru-Tubing Intervention
Wireline Cased Hole Intervention Service
Subsea Landing String Services
Fishing Services
Sidetracking Whipstocks
Stimulation
Comprehensive Plug and Abandonment Systems


Technical ChallengesDeepwater Operations
Flow Assurance
Geothermal Services
Unconventional Resources
Heavy Oil
Enhanced Oil Recovery
Exploration
Geomechanics
High Pressure, High Temperature
Carbonate Reservoirs


Business SolutionsCarbon Services
Geothermal Services
Integrated Oilfield Projects
Schlumberger Production Management
Schlumberger Robotics Services
NExT Oil and Gas Training and Competency Development
Water Services


SoftwareDrilling Software
Geology Software
Geomechanics Software
Geophysics Software
Data & Analytics
Petroleum Economics Software
Petrotechnical IT
Production Software
Reservoir Engineering Software
Software Development (Ocean)
Software Training
Software Support


CompaniesCameron
Geoservices
MegaStir
M-I SWACO
NExT
Omni Seals
OneSubsea
Smith Bits 
WesternGeco



About UsCorporate ProfileBackgrounder


Executive Management
Guiding PrinciplesCorporate Governance
Workforce Diversity


Global Stewardship
Accountability
Code of Conduct
Schlumberger FoundationAbout the Foundation
Board and Staff


Research & EngineeringResearch Centers
Technology & Product Centers


History1920s: The First Well Log
1930s: Technology in Demand
1940s: New Frontiers
1950s: New Technology, Strategic Acquisitions
1960s: From the Ocean Depths to the Moon
1970s: The Exploration Boom
1980s: A Global Research Drive
1990s: Revolutionary Products
2000s: Building on Core Strengths
2010—Today: The Integration of Technology



Investors
NewsroomPress Releases
Executive Presentations
Inside Schlumberger

HSE HSE Management System
HSE Policy Statement 

CareersWho We Are
Recruiting and Training 
Students and Recent Graduates
Experienced Professionals

AlumniBenefitsHuman Resources
Retiree Medical Plan


Network
News

ResourcesCase Studies
Curve Mnemonic Dictionary
Mobile Applications
MSDS or SDS Sheets
Tech Reports
Videos
WebinarsUpstream Technology Leadership Series
WesternGeco Webinar Series


E-mail Subscriptions
Trade Shows & Events
Free Software Utilitiesi-Handbook
PDSView Software Package for Viewing Oilfield Graphics Data Files
WellSync Application
WellEye 3D Borehole Data Viewer


Industry Articles
Training
Oilfield Glossary
Oilfield ReviewOilfield Review
Past Editions
E&P Defining Series
Apps


PublicationsMiddle East and Asia Reservoir Review
Industry Articles
Reference Books
Reservoir Optimization Conferences


Supply Chain Services
Technical Papers
Other ResourcesBrochures
Product Sheets
Catalogs









        You are here:
        Home > About Schlumberger > Executive Management > Simon Ayat









About Us
Executive Management
Simon Ayat
















Simon Ayat

Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
Schlumberger Limited

Simon Ayat is executive vice president and chief financial officer of Schlumberger Limited. Prior to assuming his current role, Ayat served as the company’s vice president Treasurer, and previously held the position of vice president Controller and Business Processes.
Ayat’s career with Schlumberger, which began in 1982, spans a variety of management positions from Paris, Houston and Dallas to the Middle East and Far East regions. His assignments have included serving as Oilfield Services group controller; vice president finance for non-oilfield activities; GeoMarket Manager for Indonesia; Sedco Forex regional vice president, Asia; group controller for Wireline; and region controller for Wireline in the Far East and for Sedco Forex in North and South America. He began his career as controller for the Forex Neptune drilling division.
Ayat graduated from the University of San Francisco where he received a bachelor’s degree in business administration with an emphasis on finance and accounting.











    © 2017 Schlumberger Limited. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Help | Site Map | Contact





























 

        






Simon Ayat, Schlumberger Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



















Feedback





Simon Ayat

Exec VP/CFO,
Schlumberger Ltd







Website:
www.slb.com






Corporate Information
Address:

5599 San Felipe
17th Floor
Houston, TX 77056
United States


Phone:
1-713-375-3400


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.slb.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Daniel Simon Ayat (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Daniel Simon Ayat, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Daniel Simon Ayat

Daniel Simon Ayat imports from Daniel Simon Ayat in United Kingdom through the port of New York/newark Area, Newark, New Jersey        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Daniel Simon Ayat and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 FAMILY DOLLAR STORES,INC.
 STARBUCKS COFFEE SEATTLE
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Daniel Simon Ayat
Daniel Simon Ayat imports from Daniel Simon Ayat in United Kingdom through the port of New York/newark Area, Newark, New Jersey


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



DANIEL SIMON AYAT
24 ST. JOHN'S CHURCH ROAD LONDON UNITED KINGDOM


DANIEL SIMON AYAT
231,10TH AVENUE NEW YORK NY UNITED STATES



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



DANIEL SIMON AYAT
231,10TH AVENUE NEW YORK NY UNITED STATES



NO MARKS AND
NUMBERS
N/M
N/M
N/M
NO MARKS AND
NUMBERS
N/M
N/M
N/M





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



NYKS5581909050


NYKU3899959
NYKU3899959


Product Description




PERSONAL PROPERTY BELONGING TO               NATURAL PERSONS TRANSFERRING                 THEIR NORMAL PLACE OF                        RESIDENCE.                                   HSS CODE: 9905 00 00
PERSONAL PROPERTY BELONGING TO               NATURAL PERSONS TRANSFERRING                 THEIR NORMAL PLACE OF                        RESIDENCE.                                   HSS CODE: 9905 00 00









Bill of LadingNYKS558190905001Arrival Date2015-10-31Weight (LB)3,296Weight (KG)1,498UnitsCMQuantity71 PCSContainer Count1Voyage No.045WPort of LoadingSOUTHHAMPTONPort of DischargeNEW YORK/NEWARK AREA, NEWARK, NEW JERSEYVessel NameBREMEN EXPRESSCarrier CodeNYKSCountry Of OriginUnited KingdomPlace Of ReceiptLONDON 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Daniel Simon Ayat. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Daniel Simon Ayat has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Daniel Simon Ayat







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Daniel Simon Ayat
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Angelo Mesquita, Lda (cup & Saucer)                                



                                    Santore's World Famous Fireworks Ll                                



                                    Rexon Industrial Corporation Limite                                



                                    Admiral Chemicals Llc                                



                                    Sweet Indolampung                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3193
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X
















Simon Ayat 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


























 Schlumberger's (SLB) CEO Paal Kibsgaard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help



















AdChoices




 

 Schlumberger's (SLB) CEO Paal Kibsgaard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript












Seeking Alpha



SA Transcripts

1 day ago






SHARE




SHARE




TWEET




SHARE




EMAIL















The first things to do after you move into your first home









What it costs to live in America's most expensive ZIP codes






Schlumberger Limited. (SLB)











Quotes in the article 






Evercore Partners Inc
EVR



▲

74.70




+0.50
+0.67%









SM Energy Co
SM



▼

17.33




-0.07
-0.40%









Morgan Stanley
MS



▲

46.59




+0.08
+0.17%









Citigroup Inc
C



▼

66.00




-0.36
-0.54%









Q2 2017 Results Earnings Conference CallJuly 21, 2017, 08:30 AM ETExecutivesSimon Farrant - Vice President-Investor RelationsSimon Ayat - Chief Financial OfficerPatrick Schorn - Executive Vice-President New VenturesPaal Kibsgaard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
AnalystsJames West - Evercore ISIOle Slorer - Morgan Stanley© Provided by Seeking Alpha
 Earnings Call Transcripts
Scott Gruber – CitigroupBill Herbert - Simmons & CompanyJim Wicklund - Credit SuisseMichael LaMotte - GuggenheimKurt Hallead - RBCByron Pope - Tudor Pickering HoltJud Bailey - Wells FargoPresentationOperatorLadies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Schlumberger Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Simon Farrant. Please go ahead.Simon FarrantThank you. Hello, and welcome to the Schlumberger Limited second quarter 2017 results conference call. Today’s call is being hosted from Paris, France, following the Schlumberger Limited board meeting. Joining us on the call are Paal Kibsgaard, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Simon Ayat, Chief Financial Officer and Patrick Schorn, Executive Vice-President New Ventures. We will, as usual, first go through our prepared remarks, after which we will open up for questions. By way of an agenda, Simon Ayat will first present comments on our second quarter financial performance before Patrick Schorn reviews our results by geography, which may include a discussion on Schlumberger production management. Paul will close our remarks with an updated yield of the industry macro. However, before we begin I would like to remind the participants that some of the statements we’ll be making today are forward-looking. These matters involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from those projected in these statements.I therefore refer you to our latest 10-K and other SEC filings. Our comments today may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Additional details and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our second quarter press release, which is on our website.With that, I hand the call over to Simon Ayat.Simon AyatThank you, Simon. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Second quarter earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, was $0.35. This represents an increase of $0.10 sequentially and $0.12 when compared to the same quarter last year. During the current quarter, we recorded $0.40 of charges. This primarily relates to Cameron merger and integration charges as well as a financing agreement we entered into with our primary customer in Venezuela.We received an interest bearing promissory note in exchange of $700 million of receivables. The accounting rules required us to record this note as its estimated fair value on the date of the exchange which resulted in a charge.Our second quarter revenue of $7.5 billion increased 8% sequentially, largely driven by the production group as a result of strong pressure pumping activity in North America land.Pretax operating margin only increased 175 basis points to 12.7%. Highlights by product group were as follows. Second quarter Reservoir Characterization revenue of $1.8 billion increased 9% sequentially, primarily due to higher international activities across its product lines beyond the seasonal rebounds in Russia and Caspian and the North Sea region.Margins of 17% were essentially flat. Drilling Group revenue of $2.1 billion increased 6% sequentially, while margin increased 278 basis points to 14.3%. These increases were driven by strong directional drilling activity in U.S. land combined with the seasonal increases internationally.Production Group revenue of $2.5 billion increased 14% sequentially, while margin expanded by 382 basis points to 8.9%. These results were driven by strong pressure pumping activity and the pricing recovery in North America land.The Cameron Group revenue of $1.3 billion increased 3% sequentially. This increase was largely driven by higher sales in surface systems across all areas and increased valve and measurement activity in North America.Margins increased 61 basis points to 13.8% as OneSubsea margins exceeded 20% for the fourth straight quarter as a result of strong project execution. The book-to-bill ratio for our long-cycle businesses increased to 1.1 in the first quarter. This marks the first time these businesses have been above 1 since the fourth quarter of 2013.The book-to-bill ratio for our long-cycle businesses decreased to 0.8 in the Q2. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole, the effective tax rate excluding charges and credits was 18.9% in the second quarter compared to 15.3% in the previous quarter. This increase was primarily driven by the increased earnings in North America.The ETR will continue to be very sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings between North America and the rest of the world. We expect the ETR will increase next quarter as North America continues to represent an increasing proportion of our earnings.In the second quarter, we generated $858 million of cash flow from operations. Working capital consumes approximately $550 million of cash during the quarter partially reflecting the growth in activity in addition to increased investments in preparation for the growth.Working capital also reflected the payment of $90 million in severance during the quarter. We remained very confident in our ability to deliver on our free cash flow target for the year during -- driven by a very strong performance in the second half of the year.Our net debt increased $1.2 billion during the quarter to $12.6 billion. We ended the quarter with total cash and investments of $6.2 billion. During the quarter, we spend $398 million to repurchase 5.5 million shares at an average price of $72.34.We started off the second quarter with a higher rate of shared repurchases but reduces considerably as we progress on the EDC discussions, which will be 100% cash transactions. Paul will comment further on the EDC transaction.Other significant liquidity events during the quarter included $500 million on CapEx and the investments of approximately $180 million in SPM projects. During the quarter, we also made $697 million of dividend payments.Full year 2017 CapEx, excluding SPM and multiclient investments, is still expected to be approximately $2.2 billion.And now I will turn the conference call over to Patrick.Patrick SchornThank you, Simon. Looking at activity geographically we had a very strong quarter in North America with revenue growing 18% sequentially driven by increased activity from the unconventional basis in U.S. lands. Rapid deployment of our ideal hydraulic fracturing capacity and continued growth in our drilling related product lines all contributed to a 42% sequential revenue growth in U.S. lands.Hydraulic fracturing revenue increased by 68% sequentially significantly outperforming the 23% increase in the land rig count. We remain sold out for several of our key directional technologies as our customers continue to move towards more complex well profiles with longer laterals.Despite the significant costs associated with reactivating equipment and infrastructure as well as adding people all of our U.S. product lines were profitable in the second quarter. This was driven by increases in products and service pricing, improved operational efficiency, proactive supply chain management and the growing impact of our vertical integration investments around sand production and distribution.Cameron also contributes to our strong financial performance with higher product sales in wells and measurements and increased activity for our service systems product line. While we saw sequential revenue reductions from the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and seasonally in Western Canada.Looking forward, we expect U.S. land activity to remain strong throughout the second half of the year with our frac calendar already fully booked well into Q4 and the high demand of our drilling services expected to continue. We are also on track to complete the OneStim joint venture during the second half of the year which will provide us with additional hydraulic horse power capacity as well as a full suite of multi stage completion technology.Internationally revenue increased 4% sequentially driven by growth in all geographical areas. In most geo markets, growth went well beyond the seasonal recovery from the winter slowdown.Europe’s CIS and Africa revenue increased 6% sequentially, driven by strong growth in the Russia and CIS region where we saw the start of the summer drilling campaigns in Sakhalin together with continued strong activity in Western Siberia.North Sea activity was strong in both the U.K. and Norway as rig count increased and summer exploration work began. While the rig count stabilized in Sub Sahara and Africa as activity started to recover on land and with early signs of customers preparing to resume activity on key offshore projects.Revenue in Latin American increased 9% sequentially driven by solid activity and sales in Mexico and increased exploration and development work in Columbia. Argentina revenue was also higher on increased unconventional land development while activity in Brazil and Venezuela remained weak.Ecuador revenue was also somewhat lower sequentially however with the cooperation of Petroamazonas, Shushufindi production has now turned around and started to recover towards the end of the quarter.In the Middle East and Asia, revenue increased 1% sequentially as activity in Egypt, Iraq and the UAE remained solid. We also saw seasonal rebounce in activity in China driven by higher sales of completion products and services as well as our SPM gas project in the [Indiscernible] fields, while drilling activity and product sales also grew in Vietnam and Thailand.Next, I would like to provide an update on our SPM business and the rational behind their ongoing investment program. Today, most of the work we undertake for our customers continues to be contracted as individual products and services, and we do not see this changing in the foreseeable future. However, building on our broad technology offering and deep domain expertise, we have overtime also established significant project management and integration capabilities which we offer to our customers through more collaborative and commercially aligned business models.The SPM business model represents the ultimate alignment with our customers as we take on full field management of their assets risking the value of our product and services and sometimes cash and where we get paid a share of the value we generate from incremental production.Our first SPM project started in 2004 after which we have gradually expanded this business to each day we manage 15 projects in 7 countries. In 2016, our SPM business generated $1.4 billion in revenue and has over the period from 2011 to 2016 delivered return on capital employed which is around 700 basis points higher than the rest of our business.The SPM business therefore represents the highest multiple we can get on our technical capabilities and in addition these long term projects have provided a welcome full cycle baseline of activity, revenue and returns.Over the past three years we have seen a surge in SPM opportunities from both existing and new customers which we have decided to proactively pursue. This is by no means a desire to change the face of our company which will continue to be focused on market leadership in each individual product line, but instead SPM can create a baseline of activity to support our presence in the different geographies.We remain confident that despite our drive to expand our SPM business which has a different contract structure compared to our traditional business we are not significantly changing the risk profile of the company. That is because the biggest risk we continue to face as an oil field products and services company remains the cyclical nature of our industry.The SPM business although different in nature and contractual structure will in fact help dampen the impact of these cycles, provided the projects we invest in at the necessary full cycle robustness which of course remains a key selection criterion in all our evaluations.Through our ongoing investment program we expect to double SPM revenue over the next two years and overtime make SPM equivalent in size to one of our existing four groups.In terms of financials we have made a total capital investment of $4.3 billion in SPM projects since 2012 which represents less than 10% of our cash flow from operations over the same period.Our SPM investments are currently being amortized at an annual rate of approximately $450 million and the amortization schedules are periodically reviewed and adjusted to match project life and economics. The current investment in SPM projects on our balance sheet is $2.6 billion.In the last 12 months we have announced future multiyear investment plans of $390 million with YPF in Argentina and $700 million with FIRST E&P and NNPC in Nigeria. In addition, we have started off smaller projects with SM Energy in the Powder River Basin in the U.S. and with [Indiscernible] in Western Canada.Going forward, we will through a newly established venture funds look to access an increasing amount of external funding for our SPM business through the refinancing of existing projects where today we carry 100% of the project funding and by inviting financial investors to take a share in our upcoming projects.So in summary, our SPM investment program is focused on establishing a full cycle activity revenue and financial base line in many of the countries we operate in as well as on continuously providing accretive returns when compared to our base business.I will now turn the call back over to Paal.Paal KibsgaardThank you, Patrick. So next let’s turn to the oil market where a sustained growth and demand continues to provide a much needed foundation for the outlook leaving little reason for concern over this part of the oil market equation.The supply side however is far more complex with market nervousness and investors speculation generally overshadowing facts and physical fundamentals leading to unpredictable movement in oil prices inspite of a third year of global under investment.The status of the global oil supply is best described by splitting the production base into three main block. First, Russia and the OPEC Gulf countries, second U.S. lands and third the rest of the world.The OPEC Gulf countries and Russia which combine make or close to 40% of global oil production remain fully committed to sound and consistent stewardship of their resource base. This is reflected in a steady increase in oil selectivity over the past three years as the world’s best well at economics easily absorbed the significant drop in oil prices.These countries are also actively supporting the rebalancing of the global oil market by taking a procative role in moderating the current production levels. The other two blocks of supply are currently pursuing diametrically post directions to both investments and resource management driven by the respective stakeholders.The production level from the U.S. land E&P companies which currently represent around 8% of global oil supply is largely driven by the U.S. equity investors who are encouraging, enabling and rewarding short term production growth inspite of marginal project economics.The fast barrels from U.S. land are facilitated by a factory approach to both drilling and production and supported by a rapidly scalable supplier industry with a low barrier to entry. In this market the pursuit of equity appreciation outweighs the lack of free cash flow, net income and return on capital employed for both E&P companies and the service industry.And although the fast barrels from U.S. land have already cooled the oil price sentiments as well as the evaluation of the equity investments themselves, this has yet to limit the investment appetite for additional production growth.The last book of producers making up the rest of the world today represents over 50% of global oil production and covers a broad and diverse group of IOCs, NOCs, and independent operators. In aggregate, this group is for the third successive year highly focussed on meeting the cash return expectations of their shareholders whether these are equity investors or governance.The operators meet these requirements by striving to keep production flat by producing their existing outlets part of their normal and by limiting investments to what provides short term contributions to production at the expense of increasing deflection rates.These producers have also benefited from a production tailwind of 500,000 barrels to 700,000 barrels per day in each of the past three years coming from new projects where the majority of the investments were made in previous years.And with a low rate of new projects being sanctioned since 2014 this tailwind will taper off in the coming years. This harvesting approach is not uncommon for conventional oilfields that are in their last years of life prior to being shut in. However, this investment in stewardship model is sustainable for a vast resource space that is both expected and required to provide a substantial part of global oil production for decades to come.Needless to say, the longer the current under investment carries on, the more severe the cliff like decline trend will likely be when the producers run out of short term options to maintain production. And given the size of the production base, it would be difficult for the rest of the global producers to compensate for this pending supply challenge.So, how does this supply and demand situation translate into the current status of the oil market? Following the extension of the OPEC and non-OPEC production cuts agreed in late May, the oil markets and also included, we are expecting to see clear reductions in global inventory levels in the second quarter leading to a more positive sentiments in the oil market.Instead, oil prices and market sentiments became unexpectedly more negative driven largely by fear of oversupply from the growing production from U.S. land where investments and activity is booming. This increasingly negative sentiment is reflected in the oil markets interpretation of the latest industry data points. First the fact that oil to the inventories are coming down so much slower than expected is currently a major concern for the market, although inventories are still coming down and the drills are expected to accelerate in the second half of this year.And second, the fact that production from Libya and Nigeria has increased in recent months it is also a major concern for the market even though these countries were excluded from the production cuts because their production levels were low at the time of the agreement.What we are currently witnessing is that the U.S. equity investors and E&P companies have spooked the oil market investors into believing that the fast barrels from U.S. land will flood the markets and leave inventory levels elevated for the foreseeable future.Therefore their pursuit of short term equity returns from the U.S. land E&P stocks is actually preventing the recovery of the oil market and sending oil prices further down thereby eliminating any equity appreciation that the investments set out to create in the first place.So what does this mean for the outlook for oil prices and E&P investments? The latest developments in the oil markets has created more uncertainty around the shape and timing of the global industry recovery. However, the near to medium term market evolution will continue to be dictated by the following three factors. First, with the moderation and the investment appetite towards the fast but marginal barrels from U.S. land leading to a stronger focus on E&P financial returns and the need to operate within free cash flow.Second, with the key OPEC and non-OPEC countries extends the production cuts beyond the current nine month agreement. And third, with the emerging trend of a gradual investment increase in the rest of the world accelerate, develop mitigate or at least dampen the pending medium-term supply challenges.These three factors are somewhat interdependent and forecasting the forward part from the current market situation is at present difficult given the unpredictable and at times irrational behavior of the broader oil market.Still it remains clear to us that the current underinvestment in the rest of the world with increasing certainty create a mounting supply challenge over the coming years which will require a significant increase and acceleration in global E&P spend.At present we are seeing the first small signs of increasing investments in the rest of the world. However, the further evolution of this emerging trend will still be governed by the actions of the OPEC Gulf countries and Russia on one side and the U.S. equity investors and E&P companies on the other.New fund moderation from the U.S. producers combined with continued moderation from the OPEC Gulf countries and Russia should pave the way for a steady increase in oil prices.This in turn will provide an investment platform that will allow all three supplier groups to increase E&P spend to jointly help mitigate the pending supply issues. On the other hand, an absence of moderation from both sides could lead to further drop in oil prices which in turn would both accelerate and amplify the pending supply issues.In this market we continue to focus on serving our customers and driving on business forward by broadening our technology portfolio and increasing our addressable market by further streamlining our execution machine and by pursuing new and more collaborative ways of working with our customers.And in doing so we are maintaining a balanced coverage of the global oil and gas industry allowing us to effectively address current and future customer activity. This includes U.S. land where we today are seeing strong growth in both activity and service pricing.The OPEC Gulf countries and Russia already continue to see strong activity and a broad uptake of our entire technology offering, as well as the rest of the world which in spite of record low activity levels still represent over 50% of global oil production and we’ll at some stage need to return to considerably higher investment levels even to just uphold current production.As part of our global focus we yesterday announced our intention to acquire a majority stake in the Eurasia drilling company in Russia. This extents the success for long-term relationship we have enjoyed with EDC through this strategic alliance we sign in 2011 which has enabled the deployment of a broad range of our drilling and well engineering services to our customers in Russia land.The pending EDC transaction together with our recent investment in a land rig manufacturing facility in Kaliningrad will further broaden our present infrastructure and capabilities used to serve the conventional Russian land drilling market.In Western Siberia, the land drilling contractors continue to have the leading role in providing integrated drilling services through turnkey models. And as the uptake of horizontal drilling continues to increase the deployment of integrated drilling systems through the EDC platform including our rig of the future, will allow us to bring new levels of drilling efficiency to our existing and new customers in this large market.So we are pleased to have reached this agreement with the EDC shareholders and we are already well advanced in preparing the regulatory filings required to complete this transaction.That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open up for questions.Click here to read question and answer session





Go to MSN Home


Go to MSN Money




MSN has temporarily removed commenting on our websites while we explore better ways for you to engage in discussion on the issues you care about.












AdChoices










AdChoices












AdChoices




 
 More from Seeking Alpha








Amazon Acts Against Its Greatest Threat


 Seeking Alpha








Dividend Champion On Clearance Rack And In My Portfolio


 Seeking Alpha








AT&T: Oversold, Unloved, And Poised To Pop


 Seeking Alpha













                    Seeking Alpha
                


                       View the full site
                    










                Feedback
            







Found the story interesting?
Like us on Facebook to see similar stories


I'm already a fan, don't show this again






Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 



























 






SLB Simon Ayat Insider Trades for Schlumberger Ltd.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Schlumberger Ltd.

                  NYSE: SLB
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Schlumberger Ltd.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:36 p.m.


SLB

/quotes/zigman/170324/composite


$
66.60




Change

+0.07
+0.11%

Volume
Volume 77,819
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/170324/composite
Previous close

$
			67.02
		


$
				66.53
			
Change

-0.49
-0.73%





Day low
Day high
$66.20
$68.96










52 week low
52 week high

            $64.15
        

            $87.84
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Simon Ayat



Mr. Simon Ayat is Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at Schlumberger NV. Mr. Ayat was previously employed as Vice President-Finance by SchlumbergerSema, Inc., Controller by Schlumberger Oilfield Services, Inc., and Controller by Forex Neptune Drilling Co. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of San Francisco.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





01/11/2017
91,450


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $58.46 per share.


5,346,167


01/11/2017
8,550


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $58.46 per share.


499,833


12/08/2016
40,000


 
Disposition at $84 per share.


3,360,000


08/18/2016
50,000


 
Disposition at $83.68 per share.


4,184,000


01/17/2016
28,100


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/15/2016
60,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $54.24 per share.


3,254,400


01/17/2015
18,406


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/25/2014
54,566


 
Disposition at $112.37 per share.


6,131,582


01/17/2014
17,703


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Paal  Kibsgaard 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Patrick  Schorn 
President-Operations




Mr. Simon  Ayat 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Debashis  Gupta 
Director-Technology & Marketing




Mr. Justin  Rounce 
Senior Vice President-Marketing & Technology




Mr. Simon  Bittleston 
Vice President-Research




Mr. Ashok  Belani 
Executive Vice President-Technology




Mr. Owen A. Serjeant 
Vice President-Operations Support




Mr. Xu  Cheng 
President-China




Mr. Arindam  Bhattacharya 
President-Mexico




Mr. Thomas  Teipner 
President-North America Region




Mr. Vijay  Kasibhatla 
Director-Mergers & Acquisitions




Ms. Maurice  Nessim 
President-PetroTechnical Services




Mr. Gokhan  Saygi 
President-Russia & Central Asia




Mr. Khalid  Al-Mogharbel 
President-Drilling Group




Ms. Catherine  MacGregor 
President-Europe & Africa




Mr. Guy  Arrington 
President-Swaco




Mr. Tony  Bowman 
President-WesternGeco




Ms. Hinda  Gharbi 
President-Wireline




Mr. Hatem  Soliman 
President-Latin America




Mr. Aaron Gatt Floridia 
President-Reservoir Characterization Group




Mr. Mark  Corrigan 
Vice President-Quality Systems




Ms. Stephanie  Cox 
President-Asia




Mr. Malcolm  Theobald 
President-Bits & Advanced Technologies




Mr. Olivier  Le Peuch 
President-Completions




Mr. Sharad  Behal 
Global HR Manager-Completion Segment




Mr. Helge  Lund 
Director




Ms. Indra K. Nooyi 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Imran  Kizilbash 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. Steve  Kaufmann 
Senior Vice President-Sales & Commercial




Mr. Stephane  Biguet 
Vice President-Controller




Mr. Mark  Danton 
Vice President & Tax Director




Mr. Howard  Guild 
Chief Accounting Officer




Mr. Simon  Farrant 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Dan  Domeracki 
Vice President-Government & Industry Relations




Mr. Joao  Felix 
Director-Corporate Communications




Mr. Joy V. Domingo 
Manager-Investor Relations




Mr. Jean-Francois  Poupeau 
EVP-Corporate Development & Communications




Mr. Gerard  Martellozo 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Alexander C. Juden 
Secretary & General Counsel




Dr. Leo Rafael Reif 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Nikolay  Kudryavtsev 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Ms. Vera Maureen Kempston-Darkes 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Ms. Lubna Suliman Al-Olayan 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Michael E. Marks 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Peter L. S. Currie 
Lead Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Henri  Seydoux 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Tore Ingebrigt  Sandvold 
Independent Non-Employee Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:06 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































   Simon Ayat | Schlumberger Limited | ZoomInfo.com


SIMON AT THE WEDDING - AYAT Online






 










     























































Search











Cart
0
Product
Products


(empty)






            No products
        



                                    Free shipping!                    

            Shipping
        


$0.00
Total





            Check out








 









Categories



الفئة العربية


الكتاب المقدس


كتب روحية


كتب للصغار


ترانيم عربية




English Books & Bibles


Spiritual Books


Spiritual Books for Kids 


Bibles




French Bibles & Books For Kids


La Sainte Bible


Livre pour enfants




Bibles in Different Languages


Armenian Bibles


Amharic Bibles (Ethiopia)


Tagalog Bibles (Philippine)




Gadgets


Car Gadgets


Magnets


Mobile & Tablet Accessories


Music Tools


Posters


Stickers


Sun Glasses


Anointing Oil




Fashion Accessories


Rings


Necklaces


Bracelets & Bangles


Pins


Key Chains & Key Covers


Women's Totes & Purses


Men's Wallets




Home & Kitchen


Home Decor


Plaques


Crosses


Photo Frames


Sculptures


Scripture Card Holders




Kitchen


Travel Mugs (Tumblers)


Coffee & Tea Mugs


Water Bottles


Kitchenware






Stationery


Bookmarks


Inspirational Cards


Journal & Devotional


Note Pads & Others


Pens & Pencil Cases


Adult Coloring Books


Gift Bags




DVDs


Movies Original DVDs


Documentaries, Courses & Other DVDs




Clothing


Winter Long Sleeves & Hoodies


Scarves




Bible Covers


Buy In Bulk (Free Shipping)











navigation




navigation
















Home
>
English Books & Bibles>Spiritual Books for Kids >SIMON AT THE WEDDING



 






Viewed products









								SIMON AT THE WEDDING
							










New products







LARGE CROSS SILVER AUTO EMBLEM




                                        	$6.66                                        







LARGE ICHTHUS JESUS SILVER




                                        	$6.66                                        







SMALL ICHUS JESUS SILVER AUTO EMBLEM




                                        	$5.00                                        







BULK OF 36 RINGS AYAT MOOD RING 44

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 8

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 14

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 16

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 17

أبانا الذي في السماوات From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 19

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 43

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS HEART  BEATS JESUS GOLD AYAT RING 44

From size 6 to 10: 7 OR 8 pcs from each sizeMaterial: Stainless Steel...


                                        	$244.56                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS HEART BEATS JESUS SILVER AYAT RING 45

From size 6 to 10: 7 OR 8 pcs from each sizeMaterial: Stainless Steel


                                        	$244.56                                        





All new products





Follow us on Facebook




















View larger

 













 
 

 








SIMON AT THE WEDDING







					Write a review
				


















 $4.00















 

 




Quantity











99
Item
Items





Warning: Last items in stock!

Availability date:









Notify me when available





							This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
						
 




Add to cart


Add to cart & Checkout





To this supplier page





Item Code: 
BK1538-REQ


Item UPC: 



Item EAN: 



Item Weight (grams): 
100g


Supplier: 
								Bible Society



Author: 
							Magdi Menassa Malky





		Add to wishlist
	





		Send to a friend
	



				Send to a friend
			





SIMON AT THE WEDDING








							Recipient :
						


								Name of your friend * :
							




								E-mail address of your friend * :
							



* Required fields
						



Send
 
						or 
						
							Cancel
						

 






									Print
								


 



 Tweet
						

 Share
						

 Google+
						

 Pinterest
						

 Whatsapp
						

 

 
 


More info 

As it is written in the Gospel, Jesus left His town Nazareth
and came to Capernaum where Simon lived. Jesus healed Simon?s mother in law
then He called Simon and his brother Andrew to follow Him and become fishers of
men.
It was Simon who declared who Jesus was, before anybody else.
Jesus used the boat of Simon as a pulpit, to preach to the multitude. Simon was
the first one to argue, the first one to propose, the first one to declare, the
first one to dare, always the first! The first one to fail and then repent, and
bear responsibility.





Reviews




Be the first to write your review !


 






				Write a review
			





SIMON AT THE WEDDING




Write a review





Quality:











						Title: *



						Comment: *



							Your name: *




* Required fields


Send
 
							or 
							
								Cancel
							


 









15 other products in the same category:





THE FISHING PROJECT...


$7.99





THAT WAS MY NAME


$4.00





THE PERFECT CHRISTMAS...


$9.99





HERMIE PEEL AND STICK...


$9.99





BIBLE STORIES FOR BOYS


$6.99





THE CRIPPLED LAMB


$15.98





ADVENTURE BIBLE...


$26.97





THE STORY FOR CHILDREN


$24.98





THE BEGINNER'S BIBLE


$16.98





READ AND SHARE BED...


$19.98





HEAVEN IS FOR REAL FOR...


$7.99





READ TO ME BIBLE FOR KIDS


$19.98





JESUS CALLING BIBLE...


$16.98





LOOK AND FIND BIBLE...


$14.99





GIGI GOD'S LITTLE...


$14.99




 
 

 




















































Spiritual Books for Kids  - AYAT Online




 



     



















































Search











Cart
0
Product
Products


(empty)






            No products
        



                                    Free shipping!                    

            Shipping
        


$0.00
Total





            Check out













Product successfully added to your shopping cart
                






Quantity



Total








                        There are 0 items in your cart.
                    


                        There is 1 item in your cart.
                    



                        Total products
                                            





            Total shipping         

                    Free shipping!    



        Total
            






Continue shopping
        



            Proceed to checkout






 

 









Categories



الفئة العربية


الكتاب المقدس


كتب روحية


كتب للصغار


ترانيم عربية




English Books & Bibles


Spiritual Books


Spiritual Books for Kids 


Bibles




French Bibles & Books For Kids


La Sainte Bible


Livre pour enfants




Bibles in Different Languages


Armenian Bibles


Amharic Bibles (Ethiopia)


Tagalog Bibles (Philippine)




Gadgets


Car Gadgets


Magnets


Mobile & Tablet Accessories


Music Tools


Posters


Stickers


Sun Glasses


Anointing Oil




Fashion Accessories


Rings


Necklaces


Bracelets & Bangles


Pins


Key Chains & Key Covers


Women's Totes & Purses


Men's Wallets




Home & Kitchen


Home Decor


Plaques


Crosses


Photo Frames


Sculptures


Scripture Card Holders




Kitchen


Travel Mugs (Tumblers)


Coffee & Tea Mugs


Water Bottles


Kitchenware






Stationery


Bookmarks


Inspirational Cards


Journal & Devotional


Note Pads & Others


Pens & Pencil Cases


Adult Coloring Books


Gift Bags




DVDs


Movies Original DVDs


Documentaries, Courses & Other DVDs




Clothing


Winter Long Sleeves & Hoodies


Scarves




Bible Covers


Buy In Bulk (Free Shipping)











navigation




navigation
















Home
>
English Books & Bibles>Spiritual Books for Kids 



 


Catalog





Author






Joyce Meyer - جويس ماير (1)





Magdi Menassa Malky (3)





Max Lucado - ماكس لوكادو (2)






Price




										Range:
									













Loading...
		











New products







LARGE CROSS SILVER AUTO EMBLEM




                                        	$6.66                                        







LARGE ICHTHUS JESUS SILVER




                                        	$6.66                                        







SMALL ICHUS JESUS SILVER AUTO EMBLEM




                                        	$5.00                                        







BULK OF 36 RINGS AYAT MOOD RING 44

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 8

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 14

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 16

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 17

أبانا الذي في السماوات From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 19

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS AYAT RING 43

From size 6 to 10: 6pcs from each sizeFrom size 10 to 13: 2pcs from each...


                                        	$183.42                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS HEART  BEATS JESUS GOLD AYAT RING 44

From size 6 to 10: 7 OR 8 pcs from each sizeMaterial: Stainless Steel...


                                        	$244.56                                        







BOX OF 36 RINGS HEART BEATS JESUS SILVER AYAT RING 45

From size 6 to 10: 7 OR 8 pcs from each sizeMaterial: Stainless Steel


                                        	$244.56                                        





All new products





Follow us on Facebook












Spiritual Books for Kids  



 


There are 16 products.







Sort by
Price: Lowest first
Price: Highest first
Product Name: A to Z
Product Name: Z to A
In stock
Reference: Lowest first
Reference: Highest first





View:























More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				HEAVEN IS FOR REAL FOR...
			














					$7.99				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				READ TO ME BIBLE FOR KIDS
			














					$19.98				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				JESUS CALLING BIBLE STORYBOOK
			














					$16.98				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				LOOK AND FIND BIBLE BOARD BOOK
			














					$14.99				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				GIGI GOD'S LITTLE PRINCESS...
			














					$14.99				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				SIMON AT THE WEDDING
			














					$4.00				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				THE FISHING PROJECT COMIC BOOK
			














					$7.99				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				THAT WAS MY NAME
			














					$4.00				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				THE PERFECT CHRISTMAS PAGEANT
			














					$9.99				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				HERMIE PEEL AND STICK CLING...
			














					$9.99				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				BIBLE STORIES FOR BOYS
			














					$6.99				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				THE CRIPPLED LAMB
			














					$15.98				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				ADVENTURE BIBLE STORYBOOK...
			














					$26.97				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				THE STORY FOR CHILDREN
			














					$24.98				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				THE BEGINNER'S BIBLE
			














					$16.98				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						














More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view







				READ AND SHARE BED TIME...
			














					$19.98				




Add to cart


More




		Add to Wishlist
	







Quick view








In Stock						











																											Showing 1 - 16 of 16 items
					





 



















































Simon Ayat of Schlumberger Ltd Executive Profile

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



Schlumberger Ltd
 SLB


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Key Executives
                > Simon Ayat
            
Simon Ayat, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Simon Ayat,Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, since March 2007.
    





Board Membership




Simon Ayat is not a member of any boards




 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 













