






Ari Azhir - Founder at Neurocea LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ari Azhir
Founder at Neurocea LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Investments Transactions 


Ari Azhir
Founder at Neurocea LLC



 Overview



Age



70
                                  (Born 1947)
                                              




Notable Companies


Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Neurocea LLC




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 20 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
December 19, 2016





                        Jaguar Animal Health Appoints Dr. Ari Azhir to Board of Directors                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Lisa A. Conte

Founder at Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




James J. Bochnowski

Founder at Delphi Ventures, Inc.





John J. Micek III

Managing Partner at Verdant Ventures Advisors LLC




Zhi Yang

Founder at Shanghai Bioveda Investment Management Consulting Co. Ltd.





Jiahao Qiu

Independent Director at Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.




Folkert Kamphuis

Former General Manager-North America at Novartis Animal Health US, Inc.





Joe Qui

Former Member, Board of Directors at Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.




Tim Dotson

Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs at Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.





Karen S. Wright

Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer at Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.




John A. Kallassy

Managing Director & Head-Investment Banking US at I-Bankers Securities, Inc.







See 10 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 10 More 


 


 Paths to Ari Azhir



            Ari Azhir          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ari Azhir






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ari Azhir.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


King's College London

                  King's College London was founded by King George IV and the Duke of Wellington (then Prime Minister) in 1829 as a university college in the tradition of the Church of England. It now welcomes staff and students of all faiths and beliefs.                




 


University of Tehran

                  The University of Tehran also known as Tehran University and UT, is Iran's oldest modern university.                





 Career History



Founder

                                    Current                


Neurocea LLC






President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2004 - Prior                


Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops and commercializes molecule therapeutics. It engages in the development of therapeutics to treat neurodegenerative diseases including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), Parkinson's disease, and Alzheimer's disease as well as inherited metaboloic disorders such as Fabry's disease and Gaucher's disease which also result in neuronal cell death. The company was founded by Michael McGrath, Edgar G. Engleman, and Ari Azhir in 2004 and is headquartered in San Bruno, CA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2016 - Current                  


Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.

                    Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals. Its product, Canalevia, is the company's prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of various forms diarrhea in dogs. It also developed its non-prescription product, Neonorm Calf, which helps dairies and beef farms proactively retain fluid in calves. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte on June 6, 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



N/A

                  2007
                


Pets Unlimited


                  WE BELIEVE EVERY DOG AND CAT DESERVES A CHANCE TO LIVE A HAPPY AND HEALTHY LIFE IN A LOVING HOME.                





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                  Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops and commercializes molecule therapeutics. It engages in the development of therapeutics to treat neurodegenerative diseases including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), Parkinson's disease, and Alzheimer's disease as well as inherited metaboloic disorders such as Fabry's disease and Gaucher's disease which also result in neuronal cell death. The company was founded by Michael McGrath, Edgar G. Engleman, and Ari Azhir in 2004 and is headquartered in San Bruno, CA.                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Ari Azhir is affiliated with
                            Neurocea LLC, Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jaguar Animal Health, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













    Ari Azhir | Accuson | ZoomInfo.com 



Jaguar Animal Health Appoints Dr. Ari Azhir to Board of Directors | Business Wire


























































Jaguar Animal Health Appoints Dr. Ari Azhir to Board of Directors






December 19, 2016 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAGX) (“Jaguar”), an animal health 
      company focused on developing and commercializing first-in-class 
      gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals, foals, 
      and high value horses, today announced that it has appointed Dr. Ari 
      Azhir, a highly accomplished pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive 
      with extensive operational, fundraising, execution, and strategy 
      development experience, to the Company’s board of directors. Dr. Azhir 
      has also been appointed to Jaguar’s Audit Committee and Compensation 
      Committee.
    


      Dr. Azhir is an entrepreneur and has been a founder and CEO of two 
      companies focused on central nervous system (CNS) therapeutics: 
      Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals and Neurocea LLC. She has broad experience 
      launching and building life science companies and has successfully 
      commercialized and brought more than 20 healthcare products to market, 
      ranging from small molecule pharmaceuticals for CNS and dermatology to 
      disruptive technologies in medical devices. These technologies include 
      flow cytometry products at Becton Dickinson and ultrasound devices at 
      Accuson, where she held executive management positions. Dr. Azhir has 
      wide-ranging drug development experience and has filed an NDA and gained 
      approval for Luxiq®, a drug that has been successfully 
      commercialized. She also has extensive experience building strong patent 
      portfolios and is the key inventor and patent holder of 12 patents. She 
      serves on the translational research board of UCSF and has served on 
      private boards (Polar Springs and Neuraltus), as well as nonprofit 
      boards (The Hearing Society and American Women in Science).
    

      Dr. Azhir received her B.SC in Biochemistry and Mathematics, as well as 
      her M.Ph. in Biophysics, from Kings’ College, London University, and 
      received a PhD. in Biophysics from Tehran University.
    

      “We are very pleased to have a highly experienced pharmaceutical and 
      biotechnology executive of Dr. Azhir’s stature join our board,” 
      commented Lisa Conte, Jaguar’s president and CEO. “We also anticipate 
      that Dr. Azhir’s human health experience will prove quite beneficial as 
      Jaguar progresses discussions towards our proposed merger with Napo 
      Pharmaceuticals.”
    

      As the Company announced on October 6, 2016, Jaguar and Napo 
      Pharmaceuticals (Napo) have signed a non-binding letter of intent 
      potentially to merge the two companies. Napo focuses on human product 
      development and commercialization from plants used traditionally in 
      rainforest areas, and this past October Napo commercially launched Mytesi™, 
      a human-specific formulation of crofelemer approved by the U.S. Food and 
      Drug Administration in 2012 for the symptomatic relief of noninfectious 
      diarrhea in adults with HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy.
    

      “I am very pleased to have joined Jaguar’s team,” commented Dr. Azhir. 
      “I fully support the Jaguar team’s mission to build on their past 
      success in the development of plant-based anti-secretory 
      gastrointestinal treatments for humans to become a global leader in the 
      field of companion and production animal gastrointestinal health.”
    

About Mytesi™


      Mytesi™ (crofelemer) is an antidiarrheal indicated for the 
      symptomatic relief of noninfectious diarrhea in adult patients with 
      HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy (ART). Mytesi™ is not 
      indicated for the treatment of infectious diarrhea. Rule out infectious 
      etiologies of diarrhea before starting Mytesi™. If infectious 
      etiologies are not considered, there is a risk that patients with 
      infectious etiologies will not receive the appropriate therapy and their 
      disease may worsen. In clinical studies, the most common adverse 
      reactions occurring at a rate greater than placebo were upper 
      respiratory tract infection (5.7%), bronchitis (3.9%), cough (3.5%), 
      flatulence (3.1%), and increased bilirubin (3.1%).
    

      More information and complete Prescribing Information are available at Mytesi.com.
    

About Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.


      Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. is an animal health company focused on 
      developing and commercializing first-in-class gastrointestinal products 
      for companion and production animals, foals, and high value horses. 
      Canalevia™ is Jaguar’s lead prescription drug product 
      candidate, intended for the treatment of various forms of diarrhea in 
      dogs. Equilevia™ (formerly referred to as SB-300) is Jaguar’s 
      prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of 
      gastrointestinal ulcers in horses. Canalevia™ and Equilevia™ 
      contain ingredients isolated and purified from the Croton lechleri 
      tree, which is sustainably harvested. Neonorm™ Calf and 
      Neonorm™ Foal are the Company’s lead non-prescription 
      products. Neonorm™ is a standardized botanical extract 
      derived from the Croton lechleri tree. Canalevia™ and 
      Neonorm™ are distinct products that act at the same last step 
      in a physiological pathway generally present in mammals. Jaguar has nine 
      active investigational new animal drug applications, or INADs, filed 
      with the FDA and intends to develop species-specific formulations of 
      Neonorm™ in six additional target species, formulations of 
      Equilevia™ in horses, and Canalevia™ for cats and 
      dogs.
    

      For more information, please visit www.jaguaranimalhealth.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      Certain statements in this press release constitute “forward-looking 
      statements” within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 
      1933 and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These 
      include statements regarding the Company’s expectation that Dr. Azhir’s 
      human health experience will prove beneficial as Jaguar progresses 
      discussions towards its proposed merger with Napo Pharmaceuticals, 
      Jaguar’s intention to develop species-specific formulations of Neonorm™ 
      in six additional target species, formulations of Equilevia™ 
      in horses, and Canalevia™ for cats and dogs. In some cases, 
      you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” 
      “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “aim,” “anticipate,” “could,” 
      “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” 
      “predict,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or 
      other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this 
      release are only predictions. Jaguar has based these forward-looking 
      statements largely on its current expectations and projections about 
      future events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the 
      date of this release and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties 
      and assumptions, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and 
      some of which are beyond Jaguar’s control. Except as required by 
      applicable law, Jaguar does not plan to publicly update or revise any 
      forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any 
      new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.
    

      Jaguar-JAGX
    


Contacts

      KCSA Strategic CommunicationsGarth Russell, 212-896-1250grussell@kcsa.com













Contacts

      KCSA Strategic CommunicationsGarth Russell, 212-896-1250grussell@kcsa.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 






Ari Azhir, T1 Translational Catalyst Advisory Board at UCSF Clinical and Translational Science Inst, UCSF Medical Center


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Ari Azhir



T1 Translational Catalyst Advisory Board at UCSF Clinical and Translational Science Inst
at
UCSF Medical Center


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Ari Azhir



T1 Translational Catalyst Advisory Board at UCSF Clinical and Translational Science Inst
at
UCSF Medical Center


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Dr. Azhir is an entrepreneur and has been a founder and CEO of two companies focused on central nervous system (CNS) therapeutics: Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals and Neurocea LLC. She has broad experience launching and building life science companies and has successfully commercialized and brought more than 20 healthcare products to market, ranging from small molecule pharmaceuticals for CNS and dermatology to disruptive technologies in medical devices. These technologies include flow cytometry products at Becton Dickinson and ultrasound devices at Accuson, where she held executive management positions. Dr. Azhir has wide-ranging drug development experience and has filed an NDA and gained approval for Luxiq®, a drug that has been successfully commercialized. She also has extensive experience building strong patent portfolios and is the key inventor and patent holder of 12 patents. She serves on the translational research board of UCSF and has served on private boards (Polar Springs and Neuraltus), as well as nonprofit boards (The Hearing Society and American Women in Science).
Dr. Azhir received her B.SC in Biochemistry and Mathematics, as well as her M.Ph. in Biophysics, from Kings’ College, London University, and received a PhD. in Biophysics from Tehran University.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Pharmaceutical Industry, Clinical Development, Medical Devices




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Ari AzhirCareer (5)






Sep-2016




Jaguar Animal Health



Board Member







Jan-2011




UCSF Medical Center



T1 Translational Catalyst Advisory Board at UCSF Clinical and Translational Science Inst







Feb-2010




Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals



Founder







2003 to 2008




Roche Palo Alto



Executive Management Consultant







1993 to 2005




AA2 associates



Executive Management Consultant








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Ari AzhirEducation (4)










Kingston College


Biophysics






1971



King's College London


Biophysics










King's College London


Mathematics










King's College London


Biochemistry









 Edit



Ari AzhirAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Ari Azhir






 Edit



Ari AzhirLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Ari Azhir









Ari AzhirInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Ari Azhir









Ari AzhirInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Ari Azhir








Ari AzhirRelated People








Colleagues at UCSF Medical Center







Taylor Sittler

Assistant Clinical Professor
Jul-2015









Frank McCormick

Professor Emeritus
Jul-2013









Timothy  Hoffman

Information Security Engineer Lead
May-2012









Michelle  Hermiston

Professor of Pediatric Oncology and Hematology
2011












View all 



Ari AzhirRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies
































Jaguar Animal Health appoints Dr Ari Azhir to its Board of Directors






























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Diversity on Board Jaguar Animal Health appoints Dr Ari Azhir to its Board of Directors Jaguar Animal Health appoints Dr Ari Azhir to its Board of Directors








December 19, 2016
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies, Diversity on Board


– USA, CA – Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAGX), an animal health company focused on developing and commercializing first-in-class gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals, foals, and high value horses, today announced that it has appointed Dr. Ari Azhir, a highly accomplished pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive with extensive operational, fundraising, execution, and strategy development experience, to the Company’s board of directors. Dr. Azhir has also been appointed to Jaguar’s Audit Committee and Compensation Committee.
Dr. Azhir is an entrepreneur and has been a founder and CEO of two companies focused on central nervous system therapeutics: Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals and Neurocea LLC. She has broad experience launching and building life science companies and has successfully commercialized and brought more than 20 healthcare products to market, ranging from small molecule pharmaceuticals for CNS and dermatology to disruptive technologies in medical devices. These technologies include flow cytometry products at Becton Dickinson and ultrasound devices at Accuson, where she held executive management positions. Dr. Azhir has wide-ranging drug development experience and has filed an NDA and gained approval for Luxiq, a drug that has been successfully commercialized. She also has extensive experience building strong patent portfolios and is the key inventor and patent holder of 12 patents. She serves on the translational research board of UCSF and has served on private boards, as well as nonprofit boards.
Dr. Azhir received her B.SC in Biochemistry and Mathematics, as well as her M.Ph. in Biophysics, from Kings’ College, London University, and received a PhD. in Biophysics from Tehran University.
“We are very pleased to have a highly experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive of Dr. Azhir’s stature join our board,” commented Lisa Conte, Jaguar’s president and CEO. “We also anticipate that Dr. Azhir’s human health experience will prove quite beneficial as Jaguar progresses discussions towards our proposed merger with Napo Pharmaceuticals.”
As the Company announced on October 6, 2016, Jaguar and Napo Pharmaceuticals have signed a non-binding letter of intent potentially to merge the two companies. Napo focuses on human product development and commercialization from plants used traditionally in rainforest areas, and this past October Napo commercially launched Mytesi, a human-specific formulation of crofelemer approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2012 for the symptomatic relief of noninfectious diarrhea in adults with HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy.
“I am very pleased to have joined Jaguar’s team,” commented Dr. Azhir. “I fully support the Jaguar team’s mission to build on their past success in the development of plant-based anti-secretory gastrointestinal treatments for humans to become a global leader in the field of companion and production animal gastrointestinal health.”
About Mytesi
Mytesi (crofelemer) is an antidiarrheal indicated for the symptomatic relief of noninfectious diarrhea in adult patients with HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy (ART). Mytesi is not indicated for the treatment of infectious diarrhea. Rule out infectious etiologies of diarrhea before starting Mytesi. If infectious etiologies are not considered, there is a risk that patients with infectious etiologies will not receive the appropriate therapy and their disease may worsen. In clinical studies, the most common adverse reactions occurring at a rate greater than placebo were upper respiratory tract infection (5.7%), bronchitis (3.9%), cough (3.5%), flatulence (3.1%), and increased bilirubin (3.1%).
About Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.
Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. is an animal health company focused on developing and commercializing first-in-class gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals, foals, and high value horses. Canalevia is Jaguar’s lead prescription drug product candidate, intended for the treatment of various forms of diarrhea in dogs. Equilevia (formerly referred to as SB-300) is Jaguar’s prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of gastrointestinal ulcers in horses. Canalevia and Equilevia contain ingredients isolated and purified from the Croton lechleri tree, which is sustainably harvested. Neonorm Calf and Neonorm Foal are the Company’s lead non-prescription products. Neonorm is a standardized botanical extract derived from the Croton lechleri tree. Canalevia and Neonorm are distinct products that act at the same last step in a physiological pathway generally present in mammals. Jaguar has nine active investigational new animal drug applications, or INADs, filed with the FDA and intends to develop species-specific formulations of Neonorm™ in six additional target species, formulations of Equilevia in horses, and Canalevia for cats and dogs.
For more information : http://jaguaranimalhealth.com
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Jaguar Animal Health appoints Folkert Kamphuis to the Board of DirectorsJaguar Animal Health appoints John Micek to the Board of DirectorsCentaur Animal Health appoints Jeffrey Boily as President and CEOTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


QuintilesIMS appoints Colleen Goggins to its Board of Directors
July 26, 2017



Fuel Tech announces CEO Vincent Arnone to additional role of Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



Amphenol appoints John Craig to its Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



Marine Products appoints Pam Rollins to the Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



AvalonBay Communities announces upcoming appointment of Steve Hills to its Board of Directors
July 25, 2017











Random BoardsRES SoftwareDaVita HealthCare PartnersAcentiaCelaneseMonese











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -





























Jaguar Animal Health Appoints Dr. Ari Azhir to Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign in











Jaguar Animal Health Appoints Dr. Ari Azhir To Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Jaguar Animal Health Appoints Dr. Ari Azhir To Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Dec 19, 2016 9:00 AM EST













 




























































  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAGX) ("Jaguar"), an animal health company focused on developing and commercializing first-in-class gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals, foals, and high value horses, today announced that it has appointed Dr. Ari Azhir, a highly accomplished pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive with extensive operational, fundraising, execution, and strategy development experience, to the Company's board of directors. Dr. Azhir has also been appointed to Jaguar's Audit Committee and Compensation Committee.  Dr. Azhir is an entrepreneur and has been a founder and CEO of two companies focused on central nervous system (CNS) therapeutics: Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals and Neurocea LLC. She has broad experience launching and building life science companies and has successfully commercialized and brought more than 20 healthcare products to market, ranging from small molecule pharmaceuticals for CNS and dermatology to disruptive technologies in medical devices. These technologies include flow cytometry products at Becton Dickinson and ultrasound devices at Accuson, where she held executive management positions. Dr. Azhir has wide-ranging drug development experience and has filed an NDA and gained approval for Luxiq ®, a drug that has been successfully commercialized. She also has extensive experience building strong patent portfolios and is the key inventor and patent holder of 12 patents. She serves on the translational research board of UCSF and has served on private boards (Polar Springs and Neuraltus), as well as nonprofit boards (The Hearing Society and American Women in Science).  Dr. Azhir received her B.SC in Biochemistry and Mathematics, as well as her M.Ph. in Biophysics, from Kings' College, London University, and received a PhD. in Biophysics from Tehran University.  "We are very pleased to have a highly experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive of Dr. Azhir's stature join our board," commented Lisa Conte, Jaguar's president and CEO. "We also anticipate that Dr. Azhir's human health experience will prove quite beneficial as Jaguar progresses discussions towards our proposed merger with Napo Pharmaceuticals."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













After Clearing Valeant Litigation, Jaguar and Napo Pharmaceuticals Reunite
The animal health company combines with its former owner in a reverse merger.



Alicia McElhaney

Apr 2, 2017 5:40 PM EDT
























Jaguar Animal Health Stock Rises on Napo Pharma Merger
Jaguar Animal Health (JAGX) stock was surging by 20% to $1.14 on Friday morning



TheStreet Staff

Mar 31, 2017 11:17 AM EDT
























Jaguar Animal Health Stock Skyrocketing on Napo Pharma Merger
Jaguar Animal Health and Napo Pharmaceuticals have signed a merger agreement.



Amanda Schiavo

Mar 31, 2017 10:01 AM EDT
























These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Explode Up Soon
Here's a technical look at how to trade several under-$10 stocks triggering breakout trades.



Roberto Pedone

Feb 9, 2017 2:03 PM EST








































 











Trending


Stock Futures Rise on Earnings Beats From AMD, Coca-Cola


AMD Goes Berserk, and Facebook Trounces Snapchat -- Watch 'Five Before the Bell'


We Found 9 Products on Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


AMD Surges in Premarket Trading After Chipmaker Blows Wall Street Away











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Ari Azhir Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:28 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ari   Azhir Ph.D.Director, Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships69$35,678
Background

		Dr. Ari Azhir, Ph.D, is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals and Neurocea LLC., which focused on central nervous system (CNS) therapeutics. Dr. Azhir founded Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2005 and served as its Chief Operating Officer and served as its Chief Executive Officer until February 2010. Dr. Azhir is a highly accomplished pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive with extensive operational, fundraising, execution and strategy ... development experience. Dr. Azhir has broad experience launching and building life science companies and has successfully commercialized and brought more than 20 healthcare products to market, ranging from small molecule pharmaceuticals for CNS and dermatology to disruptive technologies in medical devices. These technologies include flow cytometry products at Becton Dickinson and ultrasound devices at Accuson, where she held executive management positions. Dr. Azhir has wide-ranging drug development experience and has filed a NDA and gained approval for Luxiq®, a drug that has been successfully commercialized. She also has extensive experience building strong patent portfolios and is the key inventor and patent holder of 12 patents. She serves on the translational research board of UCSF and has served on private boards (Polar Springs and Neuraltus), as well as nonprofit boards (The Hearing Society and American Women in Science). Dr. Azhir has been Director of Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. since December 2016. Dr. Azhir received her B.SC in Biochemistry and Mathematics, as well as her M.Ph. in Biophysics, from Kings’ College, London University and received a PhD. in Biophysics from Tehran University. She is an entrepreneur.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
201 Mission StreetSan Francisco, California 94105United StatesPhone: 415-371-8300Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2016-PresentDirectorJaguar Animal Health, Inc.
Education
BS University Of LondonMaster's Degree University Of LondonPhD University of Tehran
Other Affiliations
University Of LondonUniversity of TehranNeuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Calculated Compensation$35,678




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationIan D. Page Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director and Executive DirectorDechra Pharmaceuticals plc$757.0KJack Clifford Bendheim Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentPhibro Animal Health Corporation$2.5MMatthieu  Frechin Chief Executive Officer and DirectorVétoquinol SA$421.6KSteven  St. Peter M.D.Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorAratana Therapeutics, Inc.$467.5KRobert T. Joseph President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorParnell Pharmaceuticals Holdings Ltd--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jaguar Animal Health, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























