

Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:29 AM ET

Company Overview of Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC is based in the United States.


,  United States










Key Executives for Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC




Mr. Gabriel Brener


      	President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors
      


Age: 58
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP (AZTAU) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP (AZTAU) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP


Company Address
421 N BEVERLY DRIVESUITE 300BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Company Phone
3105537009


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Gabriel Brener


Employees  (as of 7/1/2011) 
5


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (7/1/2011)


Proposed Symbol
AZTAU


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$10.00


Shares Offered
10,000,000


Offer Amount
$100,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$625,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
12,500,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
12/28/2011


Quiet Period Expiration
8/10/2011


CIK
0001518749




We are offering 10,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We 
estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will
receive from the sale of the sponsor warrants (all of which will be deposited 
into the trust account) will be used as set forth in the following table. 

                                                     Without        With 
                                                     Over-          Over-
                                                     Allotment      Allotment 
                                                     Option         Option

Gross Proceeds 
                           
Gross Proceeds from units offered to public (1)   $ 100,000,000  $ 115,000,000
Gross proceeds from sponsor warrants offered 
in private placement                                  3,500,000      3,500,000
Total gross proceeds                              $ 103,500,000  $ 118,500,000
Offering expenses (2) 
                           
Underwriting commissions (1.75% of gross proceeds 
from units offered to public, excluding 
deferred portion) (3)                             $   1,750,000  $   2,012,500
Legal fees and expenses                                 270,000        270,000
Printing and engraving expenses                          45,000         45,000
Accounting fees and expenses                             50,000         50,000
Blue sky filing fees                                     40,000         40,000
SEC Fees                                                 13,352         13,352
FINRA Fees                                               12,000         12,000
Roadshow expenses                                        50,000         50,000
Miscellaneous                                           144,648        144,648
Total Offering Expenses (other than underwriting 
commissions)                                      $     625,000  $     625,000
Proceeds after Offering Expenses                    101,125,000    115,862,500
Held in Trust Account                             $ 100,500,000  $ 115,237,500
% of public offering price                               100.5%         100.2%
Not held in Trust                                 $     625,000  $     625,000

The following table shows the use of the $625,000 of net proceeds not held in 
the trust account and all of the interest earned on our trust account (net of 
taxes payable) that may be released to us to cover operating expenses, 
currently anticipated to be approximately $420,000 (4) . 

Use of Net Proceeds not Held in Trust                               Percentage

Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and 
other expenses in connection with any business 
combination                                           $    510,000    48.8  %
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory 
reporting obligations                                      150,000    14.4  %
Payment for office space, administrative and support 
services                                                   210,000    20.0  %
Directors’ and officers’ insurance                         100,000     9.6  %
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses             75,000     7.2  %
Total                                                 $  1,045,000   100.0  %

 (1)  Includes amounts payable to public stockholders who properly redeem their
      shares in connection with our consummation of our initial business 
      combination.  

 (2)  A portion of the offering expenses have been paid from the proceeds of a 
      $100,000 loan from Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC, our sponsor. This 
      loan will be repaid upon consummation of this offering out of the 
      $625,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of 
      offering expenses other than underwriting commissions. In the event that 
      offering expenses are less than set forth in this table, any such amounts
      will be used for post-closing working capital expenses.  

 (3)  The underwriters have agreed to defer $3,750,000 of their underwriting 
      commissions (or $4,312,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is 
      exercised in full), which equals 3.75% of the gross proceeds from the 
      units offered to the public, until consummation of initial business 
      combination. Upon consummation of our initial business combination, 
      $3,750,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or 
      $4,312,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in 
      full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust 
      account, and the remaining funds will be released to us.  

 (4)  These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or 
      all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For 
      example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our 
      current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our 
      initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of such 
      business combination. In the event we identify an acquisition target in 
      a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur 
      additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the 
      engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may 
      vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist 
      with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change 
      in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the 
      current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the 
      extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of 
      expenses, would not be available for our expenses. Based on the current 
      interest rate environment, we anticipate that approximately $420,000 
      (after payment of taxes on such interest income) will be available to us 
      from interest income to be earned on the funds held in the trust account.
      The interest rate used to calculate the $420,000 of interest was 
      calculated using an assumed annual interest rate of approximately 0.25% 
      on the trust account over 21 months.  

A total of $100,500,000 (or $115,237,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment 
option is exercised in full) of the net proceeds from this offering and the 
sale of the sponsor warrants described in this prospectus, including $3,750,000
(or $4,312,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)
of deferred underwriting commissions, will be placed in a trust account in the 
United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee
and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 
180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule
2a-7 under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in U.S. 
Treasuries. Except for the interest income that may be released to us (net of 
taxes payable) to fund our working capital requirements, as discussed below, 
and any amounts necessary to purchase up to 15% of our public shares if we seek
stockholder approval of our business combination as will be permitted under the
investment management trust agreement to be entered into between us and 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, none of the funds held in the trust
account will be released from the trust account until the earlier of: (i) the 
consummation of our initial business combination within 21 months from the 
closing of this offering and (ii) a redemption to public stockholders prior to 
any voluntary winding-up in the event we do not consummate our initial business
combination within the applicable period. 

The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay 
the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our initial 
business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using 
shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust 
account are used for payment of the purchase price in connection with our 
business combination, we may apply the cash released from the trust account 
that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes, 
including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, 
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in 
consummating the initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other 
companies or for working capital. Although we believe that the net proceeds of 
this offering, including the interest earned on the proceeds held in the trust 
account that may be available to us for our initial business combination, will 
be sufficient to allow us to consummate our initial business combination, 
because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot 
ascertain the capital requirements, if any, for any particular transaction or 
the sources of such potential financing. Such financing may not be available on
acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment has made it 
especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the 
extent additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate 
our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure 
the transaction or abandon that particular initial business combination and 
seek an alternative target business candidate. 

We believe that amounts not held in trust, as well as the interest income that 
may be released to fund our working capital requirements will be sufficient to 
pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief 
is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a 
target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to 
undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the 
relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a 
letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of our
initial business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of 
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business 
combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount 
of interest available to use from the trust account is less than $420,000 as a 
result of the current interest rate environment, we may be required to raise 
additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently 
unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through 
loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such 
members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds 
to, or invest in, us. 

Commencing on the date that our securities are first quoted on the OTCBB, we 
have agreed to pay Galco, Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of $10,000
per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative 
services. This arrangement is being agreed to by our sponsor for our benefit 
and is not intended to provide our sponsor compensation in lieu of salary or 
other remuneration. We believe that such fees are at least as favorable as we 
could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly 
fees. 

As of the date of this prospectus, our sponsor has advanced to us a total of 
$100,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These 
advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of 
March 31, 2012 and the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon 
the closing of this offering out of the $625,000 of offering proceeds that has 
been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an 
intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our 
sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated 
to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate our initial business 
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial 
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the offering 
proceeds held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no 
proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up 
to $500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business
combination entity at a price of $0.75 per warrant at the option of the lender.
The warrants would be identical to the sponsor warrants. The terms of such 
loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no 
written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Unlike many blank check companies, if we seek stockholder approval of our 
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection 
with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, prior to the 
consummation of our initial business combination, the investment management 
trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & 
Trust Company will permit the release to us from the trust account of amounts 
necessary to purchase up to 15% of the shares sold in this offering (1,500,000 
shares, or 1,725,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is 
exercised in full) at any time commencing after the filing of a preliminary 
proxy statement for our initial business combination and ending on the record 
date for the vote to be held to approve our initial business combination. 
Purchases will be made only in open market transactions at times when we are 
not in possession of any material non-public information and may not be made 
during a restricted period under Regulation M under the Exchange Act. It is 
intended that purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, 
which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, 
including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. If the 
conditions of Rule 10b-18, as in effect at the time we wish to make such 
purchases, are not satisfied, it is likely that we will not make such 
purchases. Any purchases we make will be at prices (inclusive of commissions) 
not to exceed the per-share amount then held in the trust account ($10.05 per 
share or approximately $10.02 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment 
option is exercised in full). We can purchase any or all of the 1,500,000 
shares (or 1,725,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is 
exercised in full) we are entitled to purchase. It will be entirely in our 
discretion as to how many shares are purchased. Purchasing decisions will be 
made based on various factors, including the then current market price of our 
common stock and the terms of the proposed business combination. All shares 
purchased by us will be immediately cancelled. Such open market purchases, if 
any, would be conducted by us to minimize any disparity between the then 
current market price of our common stock and the per-share amount held in the 
trust account. A market price below the per-share trust amount could provide an
incentive for purchasers to buy our shares after the filing of our preliminary 
proxy statement at a discount to the per-share amount held in the trust account
for the sole purpose of voting against our initial business combination and 
exercising redemption rights for the full per share amount held in the trust 
account. Such trading activity could enable such investors to block our initial
business combination by making it difficult for us to obtain the approval of 
such business combination by the vote of a majority of our outstanding common 
stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do 
not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, we may enter into privately negotiated transactions to 
purchase public shares from stockholders following consummation of the initial 
business combination with proceeds released to us from the trust account 
immediately following consummation of the initial business combination. Our 
sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates also may purchase 
shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior to or following the 
consummation of our initial business combination. Although we do not currently 
anticipate paying any premium purchase price (over the trust value) for such 
public shares, in the event we do, the payment of a premium may not be in the 
best interest of those stockholders not receiving any such premium. In 
addition, the payment of a premium by us after the consummation of our initial 
business combination may not be in the best interest of the remaining 
stockholders who do not redeem their shares. Such stockholders may experience a
reduction in book value per share compared to the value received by 
stockholders that have their shares purchased by us at a premium. Except for 
the limitations described above on use of trust proceeds released to us prior 
to consummating our initial business combination, there is no limit on the 
amount of shares that could be acquired by us or our affiliates, or the price 
we or they may pay, if we hold a stockholder vote. 

In no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our 
net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Furthermore, the redemption 
threshold may be further limited by the terms and conditions of our initial 
business combination. In such case, we would not proceed with the redemption 
of our public shares or the business combination, and instead may search for an
alternate business combination. 

A public stockholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account 
only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our consummation of our initial business
combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that
such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations 
described herein or (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable 
to consummate our initial business combination within 21 months following the 
closing of this offering, subject to applicable law and as further described 
herein and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) 
created by the terms of the proposed business combination. In no other 
circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind 
to or in the trust account. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with 
respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the 
consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, our initial 
stockholders have agreed to waive their right to liquidating distributions with
respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business 
combination within 21 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our
sponsor, or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares 
in or after this offering, they will be entitled to receive liquidating 
distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our 
initial business combination within the required time period.


In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial 
business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities 
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check 
companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating 
businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well 
established and have significant experience identifying and effecting 
business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of 
these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other 
resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be 
limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives 
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. 
Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public 
shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources 
available to us for an initial business combination and our outstanding 
warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be 
viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may 
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial 
business combination.


Company Description
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Delaware 
corporation and formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share 
exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or 
substantially all of the assets of, or engaging in any other similar business


 
combination with one or more businesses or assets, which we refer to throughout
this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not identified any
acquisition target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated 
any discussions with an entity that we will acquire in our initial business 
combination.

We will seek to capitalize on the significant experience of our management 
team to identify, acquire and operate a business operating primarily in 
Mexico or the United States, although we may pursue acquisition opportunities 
in other geographic regions. We believe our management team is positioned to 
take advantage of Mexican or U.S. investment opportunities focused on the 
Hispanic market to create value for our stockholders. Our management team is 
led by Gabriel Brener, who has over 20 years of transaction experience 
investing in a principal capacity for control and minority stakes across 
numerous industries and geographies. We are supported by various entities 
owned by the Brener family (without any binding agreements in this regard) 
in both the U.S. and Mexico, which we expect will help facilitate sourcing, 
evaluating, structuring and operating any business we may acquire; however, 
even a strong infrastructure or network cannot guarantee we will find 
a suitable acquisition opportunity within 21 months or consummate a successful
initial business combination. Members of our management team are not 
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they 
intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs 
until we have completed our initial business combination. We expect this
commitment initially to be approximately 20 hours per month in the aggregate; 
however, the amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary 
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business 
combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in.

Our sponsor is an affiliate of Brener International Group, LLC., a holding 
company for some of the Brener family interests in the United States. Brothers
Pablo and Israel Brener built a meat packaging and processed meats producer 
in Mexico, capturing 25% of the national market before selling to Grupo Alfa 
in the early 1980s. The Brener family has since redeployed these proceeds 
into a number of diverse investments in Mexico and the United States, among 
other countries. The Brener family actively manages its investment and 
financial affairs through their holding entities in Mexico City (Grupo Bre) 
and Los Angeles (Brener International Group, LLC). Pablo Brener’s son, 
Gabriel Brener, has resided in the United States for more than thirty years 
and heads the operations of Brener International Group LLC, with the two 
founding Brener brothers overseeing the Mexico City office. Control positions
are preferred, but the group also makes minority investments, working 
alongside financial sponsors and other investment groups with similar 
investing philosophies. Brener International and Grupo Bre’s current and 
past investments in the United States and Mexico span diverse industries, 
including, among others, transportation, industrials, manufacturing, food 
and beverage, financial institutions, hospitality, agribusiness, media 
(including television and newspapers), sports, real estate and energy, and 
businesses focused on serving the Hispanic markets in the United States. The 
Brener family’s current equity investments in Mexico include, among others:

• Impulsora Mexicana de Desarrollos Inmobiliarios, S.A. de C.V., a 6,000 acre 
  land development company located in the city of Queretaro in which the 
  Bre ner family owns a controlling equity interest;

• Parque Industrial Queretaro, the second largest industrial park in Mexico, 
  leasing to approximately 100 companies, including six among Fortune 500 
  companies, in which the Brener family owns a minority interest. 

• Hipotecaria Casa Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. SOFOM, E.N.R., a residential 
  mortgage and construction specialty finance company in which the Brener 
  family owns a controlling equity interest;
  
• Torre Libertad, a high rise comprising retail, hotel (operated by 
  St. Regis) and luxury condominiums in which the Brener family owns a minority
  interest;

• Parques Polanco, a high level residential development in Mexico City in 
  which the Brener family owns a minority interest;

• Maredén, S.A. de C.V., a chain of fish processing and packaging plants in 
  various coastal regions of Mexico, which is wholly owned by the Brener 
  family;

• Brenland, a chain of storage and logistics warehouses throughout Mexico in 
  which the Brener family owns a controlling equity interest;

• Apoyo Integral Inmobiliario, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R., a residential 
  mortgage and construction specialty finance company in which the Brener 
  family owns a controlling equity interest;

• Industrias Tecnos S.A. de C.V., an ammunitions manufacturer, which is 
  wholly owned by the Brener family; and

• Compañía Tequilera “La Capilla,” S.A. de C.V., a tequila production company
  in which the Brener family owns a controlling equity interest.

The Brener family’s current investments in the United States include, among 
others:

• Silver Eagle Refining, which supplies gasoline and diesel fuel to 
  independent marketers throughout the inter-mountain West, as well as 
  upgraded hydro carbon feedstock supplies used as inputs into a variety of 
  products, in which the Brener family owns a controlling equity interest;

• Maverik, Inc., a chain of gasoline stations in the Western U.S. with 209 
  branches, in which the Brener family owns a minority interest;
  
• Several investments aimed at leveraging the U.S. Hispanic population’s 
  demographic trends, such as:

  • the Houston Dynamo, a Major League Soccer club in Houston in which the 
    Brener family owns a minority interest;

  • Golden Boy Promotions, Inc., a boxing production and management company 
    in which the Brener family owns a minority interest;

  • Impremedia, LLC, the largest Spanish language newspaper company in the 
    United States, publishing, among, others, the number one Hispanic print 
    title in each of the country’s top two Hispanic markets: La Opinion (Los 
    Angeles) and El Diario La Prensa (New York), and a growing digital 
    business, in which the Brener family owns a minority interest; and

  • Univision Communications, Inc., the largest media company serving the U.S. 
    Hispanic community, whose assets include, among others, the Univision 
    Network, one of the top five networks in the U.S. regardless of language 
    and the most-watched Spanish-language broadcast television network in the 
    U.S., in which the Brener family owns a minority interest.

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or 
sector, we intend to focus on industries or sectors that complement our 
management team’s background, such as the fields of transportation, 
industrials, manufacturing, food and beverage, financial services,
hospitality, agribusiness, media (including television and newspapers), 
sports, real estate and energy, and businesses focused on serving the 
Hispanic markets in the United States. We believe that our contacts and
sources, ranging from owners of private and public companies, private 
equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and business
brokers, and former government officials in Mexico, including executives of 
government-owned entities in the energy and electricity sectors, will allow 
us to generate attractive acquisition opportunities; however, even a strong 
network cannot guarantee we will find a suitable acquisition opportunity 
within 21 months or consummate a successful initial business combination.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100% 
of the equity interest or assets of the target business or businesses. We 
may, however, structure our initial business combination to acquire less 
than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business, but we will 
only consummate such business combination if we (or any entity that is 
a successor to us in an initial business combination) will become the
majority stockholder of the target or are not required to register as an 
“investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
or the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that 
does not meet this criterion. Even though we will own a majority interest 
in the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may 
collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business 
combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in 
which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of 
the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire 
a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the 
issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately 
prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of 
our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.

Our management team will focus on creating stockholder value by leveraging 
its experience in the management, operation and financing of businesses to 
improve the efficiency of operations and implement strategies to grow revenue
(either organically or through acquisitions). Consistent with this strategy, 
we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we 
believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will 
use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, 
but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with 
a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.

• Middle-Market Business .  We will seek to acquire one or more businesses 
  with an enterprise value of approximately $200,000,000 to $500,000,000, 
  determined in the sole discretion of our officers and directors according 
  to reasonably accepted valuation standards and methodologies. We believe 
  that our focus on businesses in this middle market segment will offer us 
  a substantial number of potential business targets that have strong 
  operations and have shown consistent revenue and earnings growth, or that 
  we believe can benefit from improved operations and achieve and maintain 
  significant revenue and earnings growth.

• Established Companies with Proven Track Records .  We will seek to acquire
  established companies with sound historical financial performance. We will 
  typically focus on companies with a history of strong operating and financial
  results and strong fundamentals. We do not intend to acquire start-up 
  companies or companies with recurring negative free cash flow.

• Companies with, or with the Potential for, Strong Free Cash Flow 
  Generation .  We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that already 
  have, or have the potential to generate, strong, stable and increasing free 
  cash flow. We will focus on one or more businesses that have predictable 
  revenue streams.
 
• Strong Competitive Industry Position .  We intend to focus on targets that 
  have a leading, growing or niche market position in their respective 
  industries. We will analyze the strengths and weaknesses of target businesses
  relative to their competitors. We will seek to acquire a business that 
  demonstrates advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help 
  to protect their market position and profitability.

• Experienced Management Team .  We will seek to acquire one or more 
  businesses with a strong, experienced management team that provides 
  a platform for us to further develop the acquired business’ management 
  capabilities. We will seek to partner with a potential target’s management 
  team and expect that the operating and financial abilities of our executive 
  team will complement their own capabilities.

• Business with Revenue and Earnings Growth or Potential for Revenue and 
  Earnings Growth .  We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that 
  have achieved or have the potential for significant revenue and earnings 
  growth through a combination of brand and new product development, 
  increased production capacity, expense reduction, synergistic follow-on 
  acquisitions and increased operating leverage.

• Diversified Customer and Supplier Base .  We will seek to acquire
  businesses that have a diversified customer and supplier base. We believe 
  that companies with a diversified customer and supplier base are generally 
  better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation, changing 
  business preferences and other factors that may negatively impact their 
  customers, suppliers and competitors.
  
• Benefit from Being a Public Company .  We intend to acquire a company that 
  will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the 
  broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being 
  a publicly traded company.
  
• Companies with the Ability to Participate in the Growth of Mexico .  The 
  Mexican economy is expected to grow at 3 – 5% over the next several years. 
  The unemployment rate in 2010 was an estimated 5.4% and is expected to edge 
  downward to below 4.0% by 2012, according to the IMF World Economic Outlook 
  Database. Based on information from Business Monitor International, economic 
  stability has been further buttressed by the Mexican manufacturing sector, 
  with exports of manufactured goods close to record highs at the start of 
  2011. Recent changes in federal law have eased restrictions on foreign 
  company participation in certain industries, such as the energy sector, as 
  part of government efforts to offset the nation’s declining oil production. 
  Though not exclusively, we will seek businesses that are able to benefit
  from these conditions in Mexico.
  
These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to
the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the 
extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, 
factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that 
we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target 
business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will 
disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our 
stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, 
which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of tender offer 
documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC.

Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have 
developed a broad international network of contacts and corporate 
relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of investment 
opportunities. This network has been developed through our management 
team’s:

• experience in sourcing, acquiring, operating, financing and selling 
  businesses;

• reputation for integrity and fair dealing with sellers, capital providers
  and target management teams;

• significant experience as advisors on transactions;

• experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial 
  market conditions; and

• experience in operating in developing environments around the world.

This network has provided our management team with a flow of referrals that 
have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of 
contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with 
an important source of investment opportunities. In addition, we anticipate 
that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from 
various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, 
private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting 
firms and large business enterprises. Certain members of our management 
team have spent their entire careers working with Mexico-based businesses 
and have developed a network of professional services contacts and business 
relationships in that region; however, even a strong network cannot guarantee 
we will find a suitable acquisition opportunity within 21 months or consummate
a successful initial business combination.

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough 
due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with 
incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of 
facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information which 
will be made available to us.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with 
a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the 
event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company 
that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or 
a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an 
independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial 
Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, that our initial business 
combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view.

Additionally, Gabriel Brener, our Chairman, CEO and President, will 
indirectly own common stock through our sponsor and directly own warrants, 
and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether 
a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to
effectuate our initial business combination. Further, our officers and 
directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating 
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any 
such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition 
to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

Each of our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) 
has agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that until the earliest 
of our initial business combination, our liquidation and such time as he 
ceases to be an officer or director, to present to us for our consideration, 
prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business transaction
opportunities, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
obligations he might have. Gabriel Brener, our Chairman, CEO and President, 
and Pablo Brener, our director and the father of Gabriel Brener, have such 
pre-existing fiduciary duties not only to Brener International Group, LLC 
and Grupo Bre, but to each of their respective numerous subsidiaries and 
affiliates. As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” 
if any of such officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination 
opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he 
has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to 
present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to 
presenting such business combination opportunity to us. In addition, our 
officers have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an 
officer or director of, any other blank check company until we have entered 
into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we 
have failed to complete our initial business combination within 21 months 
from the closing of this offering.

Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on
Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated 
under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to 
suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or 
subsequent to the consummation of our business transaction.

Our executive offices are located at 421 N. Beverly Drive, Suite 300, Beverly
Hills, CA 90210, and our telephone number is (310) 553-7009.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$5,000


Total Assets
$172,500






Total Liabilities
$152,500


Stockholders' Equity
$20,000


View all Company Financials for AZTAU


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 5 Total: 5
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP
424B4
7/1/2011
Filing



AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP
S-1/A
6/24/2011
Filing



AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP
S-1/A
6/10/2011
Filing



AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP
S-1/A
5/20/2011
Filing



AZTECA ACQUISITION CORP
S-1
4/22/2011
Filing



View all SEC Filings for AZTAU




Experts


Auditor
Rothstein, Kass & Company, P.C


Company Counsel
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP


Lead Underwriter
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc


Lead Underwriter
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.


Transfer Agent
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company


Underwriter Counsel
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP









News for AZTAU










 Subscribe


                More AZTAU News & Commentary



                Read AZTAU Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Cost control helps health insurer Anthem top profit estimates
                        



	                     8:11AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            D.R. Horton posts slowest order growth in three quarters
                        



	                     8:09AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Microchip Delivers 50 Millionth MOST® Technology 50 Mbps Automotive Intelligent Network Interface C
                        



	                     8:02AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Aben Resources to Begin Forrest Kerr Drill Program in BC’s Golden Triangle Region
                        



	                     8:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX












































InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call


February 6, 2013
By Angela Sormani



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call
InterMedia Partners is merging Cine Latino and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc. InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation are hosting a conference call today to discuss the transaction.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















InterMedia Partners is merging Cine Latino and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc. InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation are hosting a conference call today to discuss the transaction.
PRESS RELEASE
InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation (OTCBB: AZTA; AZTAW; AZTAU) announced today that they will host a conference call to discuss the transaction announced January 23, 2013, which will merge Cine Latino, Inc. (“Cinelatino”) and InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC — which includes WAPA America and WAPA TV (together, “WAPA”) — with Azteca Acquisition Corporation in a transaction valued at approximately $400 million. The conference call will be held on February 6, 2013, at 11:30 AM EST. 
The new combined company will be called Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. and will be the only publicly traded, pure-play U.S. Hispanic TV/cable network and content platform. The conference call will include Alan J. Sokol, Senior Partner of InterMedia, who will become CEO of Hemisphere Media Group and Gabriel Brener, CEO of Azteca Acquisition Corporation. 
The call can be accessed by dialing (866) 730-5766 domestic or (857) 350-1590 international. The passcode for the call is 29694278. The presentation will be filed by each of Azteca Acquisition Corporation and Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 5, 2013 and will be available free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. A replay of the call will be available beginning at 1:30PM EST February 6, 2013 through February 13, 2013. To listen to the replay of this call, please dial (888) 286-8010 domestic or (617) 801-6888 international and enter passcode 71556304.  





About InterMedia Partners 
Founded in 1988 by Leo Hindery Jr., InterMedia Partners, LP is premised on the philosophy that by bringing extensive operating experience to media private equity, the fund could drive superior returns. Over the course of its seven funds, InterMedia has invested in cable television, broadcast television, print, programming, and broadband opportunities. InterMedia’s Senior Partners have over 50 years of operating experience and, by making control investments, they are able to bring that knowledge base to bear on the acquired assets. 
About InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC 
WAPA Television, founded in 1954, is Puerto Rico’s leading broadcast station with the highest primetime and full day ratings in Puerto Rico. Headquartered in San Juan, WAPA Television is a full-power, independent station (Ch. 4) with island-wide coverage. WAPA Television produces the most local entertainment programming on the Island, and is Puerto Rico’s news leader, offering over 30 hours per week of local news coverage produced by the largest and most-trusted news network on the island. WAPA America, the station’s U.S. cable network arm, features WAPA Television’s news and entertainment programming and is available in over 5 million U.S. homes, with carriage on all major cable, satellite and telco providers. For more information, visit www.wapa.tv, the leading broadband news and entertainment site for Puerto Ricans. 
About Cine Latino, Inc. 
Cinelatino is the leading Spanish-language movie channel, with over 12 million subscribers on major cable, satellite and telco providers in the United States, Latin America and Canada. Cinelatino offers the largest selection of contemporary Spanish-language blockbusters and critically-acclaimed titles from Mexico, Latin America, Spain and the Caribbean. Cinelatino is jointly-owned by Cinema Aeropuerto, S.A. de C.V., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V., InterMedia Partners and James McNamara.  





About Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V. 
Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V. (“MVS”) was founded in 1976, and is one of the largest media and telecommunications conglomerates in Mexico, with a presence in television, radio and publishing. Through its subsidiaries, MVS operates several cable channels in Mexico and throughout Latin America. In 2008, MVS partnered with DISH Network to create DISH Mexico, a satellite television service in Mexico, with currently over 1.8 million subscribers. 
About Azteca Acquisition Corporation 
Azteca Acquisition Corporation is a special purpose acquisition company which raised approximately $100 million in its initial public offering in July 2011. Founded by Gabriel Brener and the team at Brener International Group, Azteca Acquisition Corporation was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. It currently has no operating businesses. 
Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
This press release may contain certain statements about Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release may include statements about the expectations that the proposed transaction can be effected before April 6, 2013, the date by which Azteca is required to consummate an initial business combination or commence liquidation, the expected effects on Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere of the proposed transaction, the anticipated timing and benefits of the proposed transaction, the anticipated standalone or combined financial results of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and all other statements in this document other than historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words “targets,” “plans,” “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “likely,” “may,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “should,” “would,” “expect,” “positioned,” “strategy,” “future,” or words, phrases or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere (as the case may be) and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to change. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: (1) the ability to have the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Hemisphere on January 25, 2013 declared effective by the SEC with sufficient time to hold a meeting of the Azteca stockholders and warrantholders prior to April 6, 2013; (2) the satisfaction of the conditions to the proposed transaction and other risks related to the completion of the proposed transaction and actions related thereto; (3) the ability of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere to complete the proposed transaction on anticipated terms and schedule, including the ability to obtain stockholder or regulatory approvals of the proposed transaction and related transactions; (4) risks relating to any unforeseen liabilities of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere; (5) the amount of redemptions made by Azteca stockholders; (6) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses and future prospects; businesses and management strategies and the expansion and growth of the operations of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere; (7) Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s ability to integrate successfully after the proposed transaction and achieve anticipated synergies; the risk that disruptions from the transaction will harm Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s businesses; (8) Azteca’s, Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions generally; and (9) other factors detailed in Azteca’s reports filed with the SEC, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Risk Factors.” Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and none of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA or Hemisphere undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.  





Additional Information 
This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of a vote or proxy. The proposed merger transaction will be submitted to a vote of Azteca’s stockholders and the proposed amendment to the Azteca warrants, which is a condition of the proposed merger transaction, will be submitted to a vote of Azteca’s warrantholders. In connection with the merger transaction, Hemisphere has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC. Such registration statement includes a proxy statement of Azteca that also constitutes a prospectus of Hemisphere, and will be sent to Azteca’s stockholders and warrantholders. Stockholders and warrantholders of Azteca are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed with the SEC by Hemisphere and Azteca because they contain important information about Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and the proposed transactions. Stockholders may obtain copies of these documents and other documents filed with the SEC with respect to Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These documents can also be obtained free of charge from Azteca upon written request to Investor Relations Department, Azteca Acquisition Corporation, 421 N. Beverly Drive, Ste. 300, Beverly Hills, California, 90210 or by calling Azteca at 310-553-7009 or from Hemisphere by directing a request to Hemisphere’s Investor Relations, 2000 Ponce de Leon Boulevard, Suite 500, Coral Gables, FL 33134.  





Participants in the Solicitation 
Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Azteca stockholders and warrantholders in connection with the proposed transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Azteca may be found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 filed with the SEC on March 21, 2012 and in the proxy statement/prospectus filed by Hemisphere with the SEC on January 25, 2013. Information about the directors and executive officers of Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation of the Azteca stockholders and warrantholders in connection with the proposed transaction is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus. 
Contact:
Media:
Patrick Scanlan, 212-381-1659
or
Azteca Acquisition Corporation
Gabriel Brener, 310-553-7009
or
InterMedia Partners
Anya Hoerburger, 212-503-2850
@yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call
InterMedia Partners is merging Cine Latino and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc. InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation are hosting a conference call today to discuss the transaction.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 
































Insider Trading - Azteca Acquisition Holdings LLC - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Azteca Acquisition Holdings LLC





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-05-16Option Award
2016-05-188:00 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Brener GabrielAzteca Acquisition Holdings LLCDirector10% Owner
8,765
$0
1,416,848(Direct)
View


2016-04-04Disposition
2016-04-046:25 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Brener GabrielAzteca Acquisition Holdings LLCDirector10% Owner
315,152
$0
1,416,848(Indirect)
View


2015-05-19Option Award
2015-05-215:36 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Brener GabrielAzteca Acquisition Holdings LLCDirector10% Owner
8,265
$0
1,732,000(Direct)
View


2015-05-13Other
2015-05-135:28 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Brener GabrielAzteca Acquisition Holdings LLCDirector10% Owner
140,000
$11.28
1,732,000(Indirect)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Wed, 26 Jul 2017 07:29:09 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  

















Azteca Acquisition Corporation Sets Record Date For Special Meetings Of Stockholders To Approve Merger With Cine Latino, Inc. And InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC And Of Public Warrantholders To Approve Amendment Of Warrants - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Azteca Acquisition Corporation Sets Record Date For Special Meetings Of Stockholders To Approve Merger With Cine Latino, Inc. And InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC And Of Public Warrantholders To Approve Amendment Of Warrants






Business Wire




Feb 28, 2013 4:45 PM EST













 




























































  Azteca Acquisition Corporation (OTCBB: AZTA; AZTAW; AZTAU) (“Azteca”) announced today that the record date for the special meeting of its stockholders to approve its previously announced merger with Cine Latino, Inc. (“Cinelatino”) and InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC (“WAPA”), the special meeting of its public warrantholders to approve the amendment of certain terms of its warrants and for any other purpose, will be March 10, 2013, as of 5:00 p.m. (the “Record Date”). Azteca’s stockholders and public warrantholders of record as of the Record Date will receive notice of and voting materials relating to these special meetings in the future.  The Record Date determines (i) the holders of Azteca’s common stock entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting of stockholders, and at any adjournments thereof, relating to the proposed transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 22, 2013 (the “Merger Agreement”) by and among Azteca, Hemisphere Media Group, Inc., WAPA, Cinelatino, Hemisphere Merger Sub I, LLC, Hemisphere Merger Sub II, Inc. and Hemisphere Merger Sub III, Inc. and (ii) the holders of Azteca’s warrants entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting of its public warrantholders, and at any adjournments thereof, to approve the amendment of certain terms of its warrants.  The Record Date also determines the holders of Azteca’s common stock entitled to seek redemption of their shares of common stock in connection with the proposed merger or otherwise. Consequently, shares of Azteca’s common stock transferred after the Record Date cannot be redeemed.  Azteca presently expects that the special meeting of public warrantholders and the special meeting of stockholders will take place at 9:00 a.m. and 9:30 a.m., respectively, on April 4, 2013 at the offices of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York. When available, definitive proxy materials for the special meetings will be made available electronically on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) Internet site ( www.sec.gov) and will be mailed to Azteca’s stockholders and public warrantholders thereafter. Stockholders and public warrantholders are urged to review such materials carefully once they are available.  In addition to approval of the Merger Agreement by Azteca’s stockholders and approval of the amendments by Azteca’s public warrantholders, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are subject to satisfaction of all other closing conditions. The setting of the Record Date, the meeting date and mailing of definitive proxy materials provides no assurance that the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will occur.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Stock Futures Rise on Earnings Beats From AMD, Coca-Cola


AMD Goes Berserk, and Facebook Trounces Snapchat -- Watch 'Five Before the Bell'


We Found 9 Products on Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


AMD Surges in Premarket Trading After Chipmaker Blows Wall Street Away











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















AZTECA ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      AZTECA ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC
                    

•   BEVERLY HILLS, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Azteca Acquisition Holdings is based out of Beverly Hills.    WhaleWisdom has at least 6 13D/G filings in our database for Azteca Acquisition Holdings.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from AZTECA ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




azteca acquisition holdings, llc


421 N. BEVERLY DRIVE

BEVERLY HILLS
CA
                                                        
                                                    90210


              Business Phone:
              310-553-7009







Recent SEC Filings




SC 13D/A filed on 10/25/2016
4 filed on 05/18/2016
SC 13D/A filed on 04/05/2016
4 filed on 04/04/2016
4 filed on 05/21/2015
4 filed on 05/13/2015
SC 13D/A filed on 05/13/2015
4 filed on 05/23/2014
4 filed on 03/14/2014
SC 13G/A filed on 02/13/2013











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Hemisphere Media Group Inc (HMTV)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      2,459,615
    

      30,007,303.00
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-10-21
    



Azteca Acquisition Corp Units (AZTAU)


      FINANCE
    

      2,080,000
    

      21,008,000.00
    

      2
    

      13G
    

      2012-12-31
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















AZTECA ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC SC 13D/A Filing Concerning HMTV on 2016-04-04  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active


















Schedule  13D/A















Filed by:


					AZTECA ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC
				


Total Shares:

                          2,459,615
			


Subject Company:


					Hemisphere Media Group Inc
                  -
                  View Complete Ownership History

          Backtest
        



Filed as of Date:
04/05/2016


Event Date:
04/04/2016


Overall % Ownership:
16.1


Reporting Persons



Name
SoleVoting Power
SharedVoting Power
SoleDispositive Power
SharedDispositive Power
AggregateAmount Owned
Percentof class


Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC
0
1,416,848
0
1,416,848
1,416,848
9.3%


Brener International Group, LLC
0
1,018,611
0
1,018,611
1,018,611
6.7%


Brener, Gabriel
23,751
2,435,859
23,751
2,435,859
2,459,615
16.1%





					View Original Filing on Edgar's
				


Raw Filing Contents
0001144204-16-092697.txt : 20160405
0001144204-16-092697.hdr.sgml : 20160405
20160405063017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-092697
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC 13D/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160405
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160405
GROUP MEMBERS:		BRENER INTERNATIONAL GROUP, LLC
GROUP MEMBERS:		GABRIEL BRENER

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEMISPHERE MEDIA GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567345
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				800885255
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13D/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-87408
		FILM NUMBER:		161552966

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 PONCE DE LEON BOULEVARD, SUITE 500
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-421-6364

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 PONCE DE LEON BOULEVARD, SUITE 500
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001524213
		IRS NUMBER:				451741649
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13D/A

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		421 N. BEVERLY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-553-7009

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		421 N. BEVERLY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210


SC 13D/A
1
v436149_sc13da2.htm
AMENDMENT NO. 2


 
 
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 13D
 
 Under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
(Amendment No. 2)*
 
 
 
Hemisphere Media Group, Inc.
(Name of Issuer)
 
Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(Title of Class of Securities)
 
42365Q103
(CUSIP Number)
 
Gabriel Brener 421 N. Beverly Drive, Suite 300 Beverly Hills, CA 90210
 
(Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person
Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications)
 
April
4, 2016
(Date of Event Which Requires Filing of
this Statement)
 
If the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule
13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing this schedule because § 240.13d-1(e),
240.13d-1(f) or 240.13d-1(g) check the following box £.
 
Note: Schedules filed in paper format shall include a signed
original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See § 240.13d-7(b) for other parties to whom copies are
to be sent.
 

*The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out
for a reporting person’s initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for any subsequent
amendment containing information which would alter the disclosures provided in a prior cover page.

 
The information required on the remainder of this cover page
shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Act”)
or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of the Act (however,
see the Notes).
 
 
 

 
 

SCHEDULE 13D/A


 CUSIP No.  42365Q103
 


 


1

NAME OF REPORTING PERSONS
I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY)
 
Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC

2

CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP (See Instructions)
 
(a)	¨
(b)	¨

3
SEC USE ONLY

4

SOURCE OF FUNDS (See Instructions)
 
OO

5
CHECK BOX IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)
¨

6

CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION
 
Delaware


NUMBER OF
SHARES
BENEFICIALLY
OWNED BY
EACH
REPORTING
PERSON
WITH
7

SOLE VOTING POWER
 
0 (See Item 5)

8

SHARED VOTING POWER
 
1,416,848(1) (See Item 5)

9

SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
0 (See Item 5)

10

SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
1,416,848(1) (See Item 5)

11

AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON
 
1,416,848(1) (See Item 5)

12
CHECK BOX IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (See Instructions)
¨

13

PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11)
 
9.3% (See Item 5)

14

TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (See Instructions)
 
OO

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

(1)Includes 104,000 shares of Class A Common Stock subject to forfeiture in the event the closing
sales price of the Class A Common Stock does not equal or exceed $15.00 per share for any 20 trading days within at least one 30-trading
day period within 60 months of April 4, 2013.

 
 

SCHEDULE
13D/A



 CUSIP No.  42365Q103
 


 


1

NAME OF REPORTING PERSONS
I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY)
 
Brener International Group, LLC

2

CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP (See Instructions)
 
(a)	¨
(b)	¨

3
SEC USE ONLY 

4

SOURCE OF FUNDS (See Instructions)
 
OO

5
CHECK BOX IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)
¨

6

CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION
 
Delaware


NUMBER OF
SHARES
BENEFICIALLY
OWNED BY
EACH
REPORTING
PERSON
WITH
7

SOLE VOTING POWER
 
0 (See Item 5)

8

SHARED VOTING POWER
 
1,018,611(1) (See Item 5)

9

SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
0 (See Item 5)

10

SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
1,018,611(1) (See Item 5)

11

AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON
 
1,018,611(1) (See Item 5)

12
CHECK BOX IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (See Instructions)
¨

13

PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11)
 
6.7% (See Item 5)

14

TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (See Instructions)
 
OO

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

(1)Consists of (i) 7,500 shares
of Class A Common Stock directly held by Brener International Group, LLC (“BIG”), and (ii) 1,011,111 shares of Class
A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of 2,022,222 warrants of the Issuer directly held by BIG.


 
 

SCHEDULE
13D/A



 CUSIP No.  42365Q103
 


 


1

NAME OF REPORTING PERSONS
I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY)
 
Brener, Gabriel

2

CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP (See Instructions)
 
(a)	¨
(b)	¨

3
SEC USE ONLY

4

SOURCE OF FUNDS (See Instructions)
 
OO

5
CHECK BOX IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)
¨

6

CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION
 
United States of America


NUMBER OF
SHARES
BENEFICIALLY
OWNED BY
EACH
REPORTING
PERSON
WITH
7

SOLE VOTING POWER
 
23,751(1) (See Item 5)

8

SHARED VOTING POWER
 
2,435,859(2) (See Item 5)

9

SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
23,751(1) (See Item 5)

10

SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER
 
2,435,859(2) (See Item 5)

11

AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON
 
2,459,610(1)(2) (See Item 5)

12
CHECK BOX IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (See Instructions)
¨

13

PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11)
 
16.1% (See Item 5)

14

TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (See Instructions)
 
IN

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

(1)Consists of 23,751 shares
of Class A Common Stock directly held by Mr. Brener, of which 8,265 shares granted pursuant to the Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
will vest on the day preceding the Issuer’s 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, subject to Mr. Brener’s continued
service as a director on such vesting date.


(2)Consists of (i) 1,416,848
shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC, (ii) 7,500 shares of Class A Common Stock directly
held by BIG, (iii) 1,011,111 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of 2,022,222 warrants of the Issuer directly
held by BIG, and (iv) 400 shares of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Brener’s minor children.

 

 
 

 
Amendment
No. 2 to Schedule 13D
 
This Amendment No. 2 (this
“Amendment No. 2”) to Schedule 13D amends the corresponding items in the Schedule 13D (the “Original
Schedule 13D”) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) on April 15, 2013,
as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13D filed with the Commission on May 13, 2015 (the Original Schedule 13D, as
amended by the Amendment No. 1 thereto, the “Prior Schedule 13D”), by (i) Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (“AAH”), (ii) Brener International Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“BIG”), and (iii) Gabriel Brener, an individual (collectively with AAH and BIG, the “Reporting
Persons”), as specifically set forth herein, and except as otherwise specified in this Amendment No. 2, all other items
of the Prior Schedule 13D remain unchanged in all material respects. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein
have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Prior Schedule 13D.
 

Item 5.Interest in Securities
of the Issuer.

 
Item
5 of the Prior Schedule 13D is hereby amended and restated as follows:
 

All shares that may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by the Reporting Persons as reported on this Amendment No. 2 are Class A Common Stock. All calculations of percentages set
forth herein are based on a total of 15,256,867 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding as of April 4, 2016, calculated as follows:
(i) 15,635,655 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding as of March 11, 2016 (as reported in the Issuer’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the “2015 Form 10-K”) filed with the Commission on March
14, 2016) less (ii) 378,788 shares of Class A Common Stock forfeited on April 4, 2016 by certain stockholders of the Issuer pursuant
to that certain Equity Restructuring and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2013, by and among the Issuer, AAH,
BIG, Azteca Acquisition Corporation, InterMedia Partners VII, L.P.,
InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC, Cinema Aeropuerto, S.A. de C.V. and the other parties identified therein (the “Equity
Restructuring and Warrant Purchase Agreement”). The above referenced 15,256,867 shares of Class A Common Stock do
not include 30,027,418 shares of the Issuer’s Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Class B Common Stock”)
outstanding as of March 11, 2016, as reported in the 2015 Form 10-K. The Class B Common Stock is convertible into Class A Common
Stock on a share-for-share basis at the option of the holder. All shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote
together as a single class, and each share of Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote and each share of Class B Common Stock
is entitled to ten votes.

 

(a)As of the date of this Amendment No. 2, AAH is the
direct holder of 1,416,848 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing approximately (i) 9.3% of all outstanding shares of Class
A Common Stock, (ii) 3.1% of all outstanding shares of the Issuer’s capital stock (consisting of all shares of Class A Common
Stock and Class B Common Stock), and (iii) 0.4% of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of the Issuer’s capital
stock.

 
As
of the date of this Amendment No. 2, BIG is the beneficial owner of an aggregate of 1,018,611shares of Class A Common Stock, consisting
of (i) 7,500 shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by BIG, and (ii) 1,011,111 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of 2,022,222 warrants of the Issuer directly held by BIG. Assuming the exercise of all warrants directly held by
BIG to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock, the 1,018,611 shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by BIG represent
approximately (x) 6.7% of all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, (y) 2.2% of all outstanding shares of the Issuer’s
capital stock (consisting of all shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock), and (z) 0.3% of the total voting power
of all outstanding shares of the Issuer’s capital stock.
 
As
of the date of this Amendment No. 2, Mr. Brener may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of an aggregate of 2,459,610 shares of
Class A Common Stock, consisting of (i) 23,751 shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by Mr. Brener, (ii) 1,416,848 shares
of Class A Common Stock directly held by AAH, (iii) 7,500 shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by BIG, (iv) 1,011,111
shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of 2,022,222 warrants of the Issuer directly held by BIG, and (v) 400
shares of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Brener’s minor children. Assuming the exercise of all warrants that may be deemed
to be held by Mr. Brener to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock, the 2,459,610 shares of Class A Common Stock that may be
deemed to be held by Mr. Brener represent approximately (x) 16.1% of all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, (y) 5.4%
of all outstanding shares of the Issuer’s capital stock (consisting of all shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common
Stock), and (z) 0.8% of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of the Issuer’s capital stock.
 


 
 

 

(b)Mr. Brener is the sole member and a director of AAH.
As such, AAH has shared power with Mr. Brener to vote or direct the vote, and dispose or direct the disposition of, the 1,416,848
shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by AAH.

 
Mr.
Brener is also the manager of BIG, which is manager managed. As such, BIG has (i) shared power with Mr. Brener to vote or direct
the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, the 7,500 shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by BIG, and (ii)
shared power with Br. Brener to vote or direct the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, the 1,011,111 shares of
Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of 2,022,222 warrants of the Issuer directly held by BIG.
 
Accordingly,
Mr. Brener has (i) sole power to vote or direct the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, the 23,751 shares of Class
A Common Stock directly held by him, (ii) shared power with AAH to vote or direct the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition
of, the 1,416,848 shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by AAH, (iii) shared power with BIG to vote or direct the
vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, the 7,500 shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by BIG, (iv) shared
power with BIG to vote or direct the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, the 1,011,111 shares of Class A Common
Stock issuable upon the exercise of 2,022,222 warrants of the Issuer directly held by BIG, and (v) shared power with his minor
children to vote or direct the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, the 400 shares of Class A Common Stock held
by Mr. Brener’s minor children.
 

(c)The information set forth
in Item 4 of this Amendment No. 2 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5(c).

 

(d)Except as stated within
this Item 5, to the knowledge of the Reporting Persons, only the Reporting Persons have the right to receive or the power to direct
the receipt of dividends from, or proceeds from the sale of, the shares of Class A Common Stock reported by this Amendment No.
2.

 

(e)Not applicable.

 

Item 6.Contracts, Arrangements, Understandings or Relationships with Respect to Securities of the Issuer.

 
Item
6 of the Prior Schedule 13D is hereby amended by the addition of the following information:
 

Effective as of the market close on April 4, 2016,
315,152 shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by AAH was forfeited pursuant to the
terms of the Equity Restructuring and Warrant Purchase Agreement.
 
 
 

 
 

 
SIGNATURES
 
After reasonable inquiry and to the best
of its or his knowledge and belief, each of the undersigned certifies that the information set forth in this statement is true,
complete and correct.
 


Dated: April 5, 2016
Azteca Acquisition Holdings LLC
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
By:
/s/ Gabriel Brener
 

 
 
Name:  Gabriel Brener
 

 
 
Title:  Sole Member 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
Brener International Group, LLC 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
By:
/s/ Gabriel Brener
 

 
 
Name:  Gabriel Brener
 

 
 
Title:  Manager
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
/s/ Gabriel Brener
 

 
Gabriel Brener
 

 

 
 

 








Elevate your investments
Try it for free















Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:29 AM ET

Company Overview of Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeGabriel   Brener  4 RelationshipsPresident, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors58
Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeGabriel   Brener   4 RelationshipsAzteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC58View All Board Members
Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC. Find out Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

421 N. BEVERLY DRIVE SUITE 300 BEVERLY HILLS 90210 CA




Companies related to Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001518749Azteca Acquisition Corp10% Owner 421 N. BEVERLY DRIVE SUITE 300 BEVERLY HILLS 902100001567345HEMISPHERE MEDIA GROUP, INC.4000 PONCE DE LEON BLVD., SUITE 650  CORAL GABLES 33146




Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC on the Web
Persons related to Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC - Azteca Acquisition CorpNamePositionCityJuan Pablo  AlbanSecretary and Executive VP BEVERLY HILLSAlfredo Elias  AyubDirector BEVERLY HILLSGabriel  BrenerCEO and President BEVERLY HILLSPablo  BrenerBEVERLY HILLSBENITO F  BUCAYBEVERLY HILLSJohn  EngelmanDirector BEVERLY HILLSCLIVE  FLEISSIGCo-CFO and Executive VP BEVERLY HILLSCLIVE  FLEISSIGCo-CFO and Executive VP BEVERLY HILLS,Abraham  KlipBEVERLY HILLSLuxor Capital Group, LP10% Owner NEW YORKLuxor Capital Partners, LPNEW YORKLUXOR CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLUXOR SPECTRUM OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLuxor Wavefront, LPNEW YORKRicardo David Aviles  ReynaBEVERLY HILLSPersons related to Azteca Acquisition Holdings, LLC - HEMISPHERE MEDIA GROUP, INC.NamePositionCityLucia  Ballas-TraynorEVP, Advertising Sales CORAL GABLESVicky  BathijaEVP CorpDev&Invest.Relations CORAL GABLESGabriel  BrenerDirector BEVERLY HILLSGabriel  BrenerDirector CORAL GABLESAeropuerto, S.A. de C.V.  CinemaCUIDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.Aeropuerto, S.A. de C.V.  Cinema10% Owner CIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.John  EngelmanDirector NEW YORKJohn  EngelmanDirector CORAL GABLESFine Capital Advisors, LLCNEW YORKFine Capital Partners, L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKDebra  FineNEW YORKCraig D.  FischerChief Financial Officer CORAL GABLESAndrew  FreyDirector LITTLE ROCKGato Investments LPNEW YORKGemini Latin Holdings, LLCNEW YORKFrecuencia Modulada Television, S.A. de C.V.  GrupoCIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.Frecuencia Modulada Television, S.A. de C.V.  Grupo CIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.MVS, S.A. de C.V.  GrupoCUIDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.MVS, S.A. de C.V.  Grupo CIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.Ernesto Vargas  GuajardoDirector CORAL GABLESLeonardo  GuevaraSVP, Finance Cable Networks CORAL GABLESCapital Master  Hawkeye10% Owner NEW YORKHICKS MUSE FUND III INCDALLASHICKS MUSE FUND III INCDALLASHICKS MUSE GP PARTNERS III LPDALLASHICKS MUSE GP PARTNERS III LPDALLASHICKS MUSE TATE & FURST EQUITY FUND III LP DALLASHICKS MUSE TATE & FURST EQUITY FUND III LPDALLASLeo J. Jr.  HinderyDirector CORAL GABLESHM3 COINVESTORS, L.P.DALLASHM3 COINVESTORS LPDALLASHM3/GP PARTNERS, L.P.DALLASHM3 GP PARTNERS LPDALLASHSBC Trust Agreement Number 61549MEXICOInterMedia Cine Latino, LLCNEW YORKInterMedia Partners, L.P.NEW YORKInterMedia Partners VII LP10% Owner NEW YORKPeter M  KernDirector BELLEVUEPeter M  KernDirector CORAL GABLESLCG HOLDINGS LLCNew YorkLCG HOLDINGS LLCNEW YORKJonathan  LennonNEW YORKLuxor Capital Group, LP10% Owner NEW YORKLuxor Capital Group, LP10% Owner NEW YORKLUXOR CAPITAL PARNTERS OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLuxor Capital Partners, LPNEW YORKLuxor Capital Partners, LPNEW YORKLUXOR CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLUXOR SPECTRUM OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLuxor Wavefront, LPNEW YORKKAREN A  MALONEYController NEW YORKJames Marvin  McNamaraDirector LOS ANGELESJames Marvin  McNamaraDirector CORAL GABLESJOHN R  MUSEJOHN R  MUSEDALLASEric C  NeumanDirector DALLASEric C  NeumanDirector CORAL GABLESPleasant Lake Offshore Master Fund L.P.NEW YORKPleasant Lake Onshore GP LLCNEW YORKPleasant Lake Partners LLC10% Owner NEW YORKPLP MM LLCNEW YORKJose E.  RamosOfficer of Subsidiary Division CORAL GABLESAndrew S.  RosenDALLASAndrew S.  RosenDALLASRICHARD A  RUBINNEW YORKRICHARD A  RUBINNEW YORKVincent L  SaduskyDirector PROVIDENCEVincent L  SaduskyDirector CORAL GABLESAlan J.  SokolCEO, President CORAL GABLESNina C.  TasslerDirector CORAL GABLESThebes Partners Offshore, Ltd.GRAND CAYMANAlex J  TolstonEVP, Gen Counsel & Corp. Sec'y CORAL GABLESNicolas J  VallsExec. VP, Advertising Sales CORAL GABLESERIC  ZINTERHOFERDirector NEW YORK
Potentially same personNameCityCountryAzteca Acquisition Holdings, LLCCORAL GABLESFL












 






