


Judith L Bacchus - Pittsburgh, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Judith L Bacchus in Pittsburgh, PA


Judith L Bacchus

                                                                                       Intelius found that Judith L Bacchus  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Pittsburgh, PA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Judy L Bacchus


Get Report Now

Age

Judith L Bacchus is in her 50s

Judith Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA
Latrobe, PA
Fallon, NV

Judith's Relatives

Brian Bacchus
Janice Valley
Anthony Guglielme







Judith L Bacchus



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Kennametal Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Judith? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Judith, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Judith L Bacchus
Get a Criminal Check on Judith L Bacchus
Get a Public Record Report on Judith L Bacchus
Get a People Search Report on Judith L Bacchus


Judith L Bacchus's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Judith L Bacchus has lived as well as Judith L Bacchus's phone numbers and email addresses.




Judith L Bacchus Has Lived in 4 States
Pennsylvania Address for Judith L Bacchus


5525 B***** S* 

Pittsburgh, PA


Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA
Latrobe, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Judith L Bacchus

(412) ***-**** - Pittsburgh, PA 
(412) ***-**** - Pittsburgh, PA 
(775) ***-**** - Fallon, NV 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Judith L Bacchus

j************s@***.net
a***1@***.com
j****h@***.com


Get Email Report




Judith L Bacchus's Professional Information
Information regarding Judith L Bacchus's professional history.  Find out previous places Judith L Bacchus has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Judith L Bacchus Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: Kennametal Inc.
               Title: Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Company: Kennametal Inc.
               Title: Global Talent Acquisition
Judith L Bacchus's Experience
Title: Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
               Company: Kennametal Inc.
Job Details
               Kennametal Inc. (NYSE: KMT) delivers productivity to customers seeking peak performance in demanding environments by providing innovative custom and standard wear-resistant solutions. This proven productivity is enabled through advanced materials sciences and application knowledge. Kennametals commitment to a sustainable environment provides additional value to customers. Companies operating in everything from airframes to coal mining, from engines to oil wells and from turbochargers to construction, recognize Kennametal for extraordinary contributions to their value chains. In fiscal year 2011, customers bought approximately $2.4 billion of Kennametal products and services " delivered by approximately 12,000 talented employees doing business in more than 60 countries " with more than 50 percent of these revenues coming from outside North America.
Title: Global Talent Acquisition
               Company: Kennametal Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Judith L Bacchus

 See Judith L Bacchus's LinkedIn Profile



Judith L Bacchus's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Judith L Bacchus


Judith L Bacchus's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Judith L Bacchus's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Judith Bacchus
Username Matches

                  JudithBacchus
                  BacchusJudith
                  Judith.Bacchus
                  Bacchus.Judith
                  Judith_Bacchus
                  Bacchus_Judith
                  Judith-Bacchus
                  Bacchus-Judith
                  JBacchus
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Bacchus







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Judith Bacchus, Kennametal Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Judith Bacchus

VP/Chief Human Resources Ofcr,
Kennametal Inc






Career History




VP/Chief Human Resources Ofcr
Kennametal Inc, 6/2011-PRESENT


VP:HR Field Services
Kennametal Inc, 7/2009-6/2011


Dir:HR Shared Services
Kennametal Inc, 12/2007-7/2009


Mgr:Global Talent Acquisition
Kennametal Inc, 4/2006-12/2007


Show More









Website:
www.kennametal.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1600 Technology Way
PO Box 231
Latrobe, PA 15650-0231
United States


Phone:
1-412-248-8200


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.kennametal.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



LA Roche College
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




St Vincents College


Board Member, PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































    Judith Bacchus | Stellram | ZoomInfo.com


KMT Judith L. Bacchus Insider Trades for Kennametal Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Kennametal Inc.

                  NYSE: KMT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Kennametal Inc.



Countdown to close
 --Real time quotes
Jul 26, 2017, 3:36 p.m.


KMT

/quotes/zigman/231217/composite


$
37.97




Change

-1.47
-3.73%

Volume
Volume 575,077
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/231217/composite
Previous close

$
			39.44
		


$
				37.97
			
Change

-1.47
-3.73%





Day low
Day high
$37.96
$39.52










52 week low
52 week high

            $24.41
        

            $43.09
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Judith L. Bacchus



Ms. Judith L. Bacchus is Chief Human Resources Officer & Vice President at Kennametal, Inc. She is on the Board of Directors at Saint Vincent College.
She received her undergraduate degree from La Roche College.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/27/2017
717


 
Disposition at $41.91 per share.


30,050


04/27/2017
2,011


 
Disposition at $41.91 per share.


84,282


04/27/2017
1,451


 
Disposition at $41.9 per share.


60,797


04/27/2017
889


 
Disposition at $41.89 per share.


37,241


04/27/2017
4,100


 
Disposition at $41.87 per share.


171,667


04/27/2017
9,168


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.69 per share.


290,533


11/11/2016
1,200


 
Disposition at $33.92 per share.


40,704


11/11/2016
1,200


 
Disposition at $33.92 per share.


40,704


11/11/2016
2,800


 
Disposition at $33.92 per share.


94,976


11/11/2016
2,800


 
Disposition at $33.92 per share.


94,976


09/01/2016
640


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.74 per share.


17,754


09/01/2016
2,035


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.74 per share.


56,450


08/01/2016
1,123


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $24.96 per share.


28,031


08/01/2016
3,574


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $24.96 per share.


89,207


09/01/2015
640


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29 per share.


18,560


09/01/2015
2,035


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29 per share.


59,015


08/01/2015
491


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.69 per share.


15,559


08/01/2015
1,590


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.69 per share.


50,387


07/28/2015
506


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/27/2014
2,132


 
Disposition at $44.83 per share.


95,578


08/27/2014
2,132


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $26.89 per share.


57,329


08/27/2014
1,765


 
Disposition at $44.84 per share.


79,143


08/27/2014
1,765


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29.6 per share.


52,244


08/01/2014
574


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $42.13 per share.


24,183


08/01/2014
1,827


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $42.13 per share.


76,971


08/01/2014
310


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $42.13 per share.


13,061


07/29/2014
910


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/09/2013
7,340


 
Disposition at $44.56 per share.


327,071


08/09/2013
2,944


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $21.48 per share.


63,237


08/09/2013
4,396


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $26.89 per share.


118,208


08/01/2013
538


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $45.24 per share.


24,340


08/01/2013
1,715


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $45.24 per share.


77,586


01/01/2013
635


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $40 per share.


25,400


01/01/2013
1,777


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $40 per share.


71,080


12/12/2012
4,000


 
Disposition at $38.76 per share.


155,040


12/12/2012
2,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $21.48 per share.


42,960


12/12/2012
2,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $26.89 per share.


53,780


08/01/2012
1,307


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.76 per share.


48,045


08/01/2012
415


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.76 per share.


15,256


07/24/2012
1,004


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Ronald M. DeFeo 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Jan Kees van Gaalen 
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President




Mr. Thomas F. McKee 
Chief Information Officer & Vice President




Dr. Robert J. Clemens 
Chief Technology Officer & Vice President




Ms. Martha A. Fusco 
VP-Finance & Industrial Business Segment




Mr. Colleen Wood  Cordova 
Vice President-Global Heavy Industries




Mr. Alexander  Broetz 
Vice President




Mr. David  Lee 
Managing Director-Asia Pacific Region




Mr. James M. Kohosek 
EVP-Infrastructure Business Segment & VP




Mr. Charles Michael Byrnes 
EVP-Industrial Business Segment & Vice President




Mr. Peter A. Dragich 
EVP-Infrastructure Business Segment




Mr. Gerald  Goubau 
Vice President-Europe, Middle East & Africa Sales




Mr. Patrick S. Watson 
Vice President-Finance & Controller




Ms. Kelly M. Boyer 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Beth A. Riley 
Investor Relations Officer




Ms. Christina  Sutter 
Head-Media Relations




Ms. Judith L. Bacchus 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Vice President




Ms. Michelle Ruth Keating 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Lawrence W. Stranghoener 
Chairman




Mr. Sagar A.  Patel 
Independent Director




Mr. William M. Lambert 
Independent Director




Dr. Philip A. Dur 
Independent Director




Mr. Steven H. Wunning 
Independent Director




Ms. Cynthia L. Davis 
Independent Director




Mr. William J. Harvey 
Independent Director




Mr. Timothy R. McLevish 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:37 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:33pExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
3:32pA.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air pollution problem is paying off
3:32pOil settles at a 2-month high as U.S. crude stockpiles drop for a fourth week
3:31pChevron earnings: Wall Street is looking for updates on natural-gas projects
3:30pBoeing shares soar to record after ‘close to perfect’ earnings report
3:30pU.S. Steel surges 7% as better-than-expected earnings offset Trump comments
3:23pTax negotiators plan to release more-detailed proposals this week 
3:21pWhole Foods sales hurt by competitive pressure
3:20pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
3:12pDonald Trump is winning the currency cold war: Pimco
3:10pPluristem stock rises 2.5% on mid-stage clinical trial results
3:09pComcast earnings: The media company could be a bright spot in a terrible quarter 
3:08pFacebook earnings: After a sudden change,  Instagram is in focus
3:04pMarkel stock price target raised to $1,050 from $975 at CFRA
3:04pIf this chart overlay has it right, it’s about to get really ugly for bitcoin investors
3:02pCoca-Cola stock price target raised to $49 from $47 at CFRA
2:58pPluristem stock rises 2.5% on mid-stage clinical trial results
2:55pDollar turns lower after Fed is read as adopting a more dovish tone
2:49pWall Street's 'fear gauge' posts lowest intraday level in its history
2:48pGold settles lower, but gets boost after Fed policy statement
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,698.41

+84.98
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,421.28

+9.11
+0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.91

+0.78
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Judith L. Bacchus - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Judith L. Bacchus
Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Corporate Relations Officer at Kennametal Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Judith L. Bacchus? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Judith L. Bacchus's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Judith L. Bacchus's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Judith L. Bacchus's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Judith L. Bacchus through your network of contacts.
												








Judith L. Bacchus's Executive Work History


Current


Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Corporate Relations Officer, 
Kennametal Inc.


Past
To view Judith L. Bacchus's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
54

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Judith L. Bacchus's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Judith L. Bacchus. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Judith L. Bacchus's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Judith L. Bacchus's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Judith L. Bacchus through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Judith L. Bacchus


















Judith L. Bacchus's Connections (35)





Sign up now to view Judith L. Bacchus's 35 connections »









William R. Newlin
Chairman of the Board, Meritor, Inc.









John R. Tucker
Former President & Chief Executive Officer, Capstone Turbine Corp.









William J. Harvey
Board Member, Kennametal Inc.









Steven R. Hanna
Former Vice President & Chief Information Officer, Kennametal Inc.









Larry D. Yost
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Meritor, Inc.









Cynthia L. Davis
Board Member, Kennametal Inc.









Ronald M. DeFeo
Executive Chairman of the Board, Kennametal Inc.









Martha A. Fusco
Vice President Finance, Industrial Business, Kennametal Inc.









Philip A. Dur
Board Member, Kennametal Inc.









Frank P. Simpkins
Former Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Kennametal Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













﻿






























JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $1.56 Million Position in NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for NN Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NN Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

State Street Corp Lowers Stake in Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AGIO)
Summit Materials, Inc. (SUM) Shares Bought by Amalgamated Bank
Bank of America Corp DE Sells 82,164 Shares of Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. (NASDAQ:ODFL)
National CineMedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCMI) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC Acquires Shares of 1,335 Analogic Corporation (ALOG)
Teachers Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG)
Glenmede Trust Co. NA Has $173,000 Position in Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ:STX)
Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC Purchases Shares of 2,968 Philip Morris International Inc (PM)
Investment Centers of America Inc. Has $747,000 Stake in Cummins Inc. (NYSE:CMI)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $243,000 Position in Webster Financial Corporation (NYSE:WBS)
Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Acquires 12,700 Shares of Bank of America Corporation (BAC)
Liberty Tax, Inc. (TAX) Stake Boosted by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Liberty Broadband Corporation (LBRDA) Position Lowered by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Stake Decreased by Fmr LLC
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $1.56 Million Position in NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR)
Amalgamated Bank Sells 5 Shares of Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (VAC)
Norma Group SE (NOEJ) Given a €56.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts
United Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:UBSI) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday
Bank of America Corp DE Cuts Stake in CoreLogic, Inc. (NYSE:CLGX)
1,391,447 Shares in Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. (NASDAQ:PLYA) Acquired by Morgan Stanley







JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $1.56 Million Position in NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments




JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of  NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR) by 2.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 62,024 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,679 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.23% of NN worth $1,563,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of  NN by 10.3% in the first quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,667 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 530 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of Montreal Can purchased a new position in  NN during the first quarter worth $162,000.  Highbridge Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in  NN during the fourth quarter worth $220,000.  US Bancorp DE raised its position in  NN by 4.5% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 10,522 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $265,000 after buying an additional 457 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY raised its position in  NN by 6.4% in the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 18,698 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $356,000 after buying an additional 1,127 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  95.85% of the company’s stock. 


 Get NN Inc. alerts:



NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR) opened at 29.60 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $28.40 and a 200 day moving average of $24.66. NN, Inc. has a 1-year low of $13.43 and a 1-year high of $31.65. The stock has a market cap of $812.96 million, a P/E ratio of 48.52 and a beta of 0.63. 





NN (NASDAQ:NNBR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The industrial products company reported $0.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.05. NN had a net margin of 2.00% and a return on equity of 14.04%. The firm had revenue of $226.31 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $215.86 million.  Equities analysts anticipate that  NN, Inc. will post $1.61 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $1.56 Million Position in NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR)” was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/19/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-1-56-million-position-in-nn-inc-nasdaqnnbr.html. 
A number of research analysts recently weighed in on NNBR shares. SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on shares of NN in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. They set a “buy” rating and a $37.00 price target on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. ValuEngine raised shares of NN from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. TheStreet raised shares of NN from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Monday, June 5th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of NN from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Finally, William Blair  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of NN in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, one  has given a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. NN presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $30.67.
About NN
NN, Inc is a diversified industrial company and a manufacturer of high precision bearing components, industrial plastic products and precision metal components to a range of markets on a global basis. The Company operates through three segments: the Precision Bearing Components Group, the Precision Engineered Products Group and the Autocam Precision Components Group.







Receive News & Ratings for NN Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NN Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Judy Bacchus, VP and CHRO for Kennametal, Inc. was interviewed by Lesley Hoare from Oracle regarding the HR strategies and processes in a large public company environment. - Argyle Journal















































































































Argyle Journal 



 
Linkedin
Facebook
Google Plus
Twitter


 



			CHRO			











‹ Previous ArticleNext Article ›× BACK TO CHRO ARTICLESJudy Bacchus, VP and CHRO for Kennametal, Inc. was interviewed by Lesley Hoare from Oracle regarding the HR strategies and processes in a large public company environment.
LESLEY HOARE:  To get started, will you tell us about your background, including an overview of your human capital experience?
JUDY BACCHUS:  Human resource management is actually my second career, following 13 years in retail as a merchandise buyer for a department store chain in western Pennsylvania. At an early age, I had the opportunity to run a small P&L, which gave me a different lens to view the role of HR. When I left retail, I took the opportunity to consider what I would most like to do next in my career. Similar to what we suggest to our employees, I participated in a workshop to consider assessments based on my interests, leadership style, and experience. My strengths pointed to three areas: politics, sales, or HR. I took the HR route and have been in this area for about 20 years.
My career also started by running a P&L in a business, and once you’ve walked in those shoes, it makes quite a difference. Please tell us a little more about your current role at Kennametal.
My progression at Kennametal has been one of those success stories that HR professionals like to share—talent management executed by design. I was the planned successor for the role of Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO). When my former boss resigned from the company after seven years, he and I had about 18 months to prepare for my transition into the leadership role as CHRO. We did some interesting things during that time, such as working on executive compensation. You don’t get exposure to that area unless you’re in the top job. Additionally, I participated in a program sponsored by Cornell that prepares candidates for the HR C-suite. I was able to learn from the experience of other people who were new to the leading role. As I moved into that role as the planned successor, the transition worked very well. My transition time with my predecessor met my needs in terms of career path, ensured I was well prepared to meet the needs of the organization, and provided a smooth shift to the CHRO role.
Will you tell us about your HR strategy and how you’re tying it into your organization’s objectives?
Kennametal’s competitive advantage rests with our people and our proprietary technologies that advance industry. On the people side, technical know-how is our specific advantage. Customers expect us to provide technical expertise to help keep their operations running productively. In most cases, this happens on the factory floor. When working with our customers, we bring highly-skilled technical talent and application engineers who take a holistic approach to optimize customers’ processes. That may mean diagnosing aspects such as speed and feed rates in production to determine which materials and products are best suited for the conditions at hand, or it may even require the design of a customized solution that can substantially improve their productivity. That is what differentiates Kennametal in industry.
In terms of strategy, it’s really about the business needs, which are based on what our customers are trying to accomplish. We are able to offer our best when we have intimate knowledge of the customer’s operations, allowing us to build programs around their technical requirements. It’s not only about what we make; it’s what we know. Whether we acquire or develop, the know-how of our technical talent is the big differentiator for us.
Has that strategy evolved or changed since you came on board in your role?
Yes, it has. All organizations try to do risk assessments. Our executive team set out to address aging demographics, which is both a challenge and opportunity for Kennametal. On one hand, the shortage of technical talent in our industry makes us more indispensable to our customers. However, we have our own aging demographics to manage. We have three basic functions that are absolutely critical in terms of aging demographics: sales, manufacturing engineers, and traditional R&D engineers. So, we started to design programs to focus on knowledge management and workforce development in those three areas. We are still early in the journey, but we have the framework in place and are now working to execute that plan. It takes a lot of time to transfer knowledge, document appropriately, train people, and so on. That’s an example of a strategy on which we have focused over the past 12 months.
Engineering is one of those critical talents. Since there is so much exciting work going on in other industries, does the demand exacerbate this particular challenge?
Most students are no longer interested in things such as metallurgy or material sciences. We are doing something unique to get ahead of this challenge. Currently in the United States, there are some 600,000 open jobs in manufacturing that the industry is collectively unable to fill. Kennametal has started working with local high schools to engage interest at that level and help students gain an appreciation for rewarding opportunities and experiences they’ll find in our industry. We began with a high school near our corporate headquarters because we felt like we could develop a partnership there. We asked for the top 12 or so science and math students, including those that scored well and those who had an interest in the areas. We built a pipeline program called the Young Engineers. We bring them in, and from art to part, they create something and actually market it. They get hands-on lab experience working with our technicians, designers, and engineers, while also learning about the business acumen that goes with these roles. We’re planting a seed. We realize they may not come to Kennametal, but we want them to be inspired to pursue sciences such as metallurgy, engineering, or manufacturing. We started the program in western Pennsylvania. We’ve just completed our first pilot in Ohio, and we’re now looking at our additional opportunities to expand the program domestically. We also would like to figure out how to develop something similar outside of the United States.
Regarding high potentials and leaders for the future, what programs do you have in place to identify and develop those high potentials?
Similar to other companies, we have a traditional performance management system, including an individual talent development plan. That’s the first place we would identify development needs. We have a very robust succession planning process. It includes levels from CEO down. We go down to level five, mainly because we see great opportunities to shape future skills in the middle part of our organization. The succession planning and talent review process happens twice a year. We work from level five up, and talk about the talent needs. We assess those that are performing at a high potential level and begin to think about their long term contribution to the company (i.e. whether we see them crossing business areas, being deep in one particular area, or leading a large P&L someday). We try to figure out the gaps and fill in the precise steps of their career paths. We have a very transparent action plan. The executive team actually identifies these people and their gaps, and we agree upon a plan to fill those gaps. The plan may be an ex-pat assignment or an MBA program. It could involve some cross-functional assignments. Regardless, it’s very transparent to the leaders who can most support the development of those people, and that allows us to track it. It doesn’t always work out perfectly, but the system is in place. There is a lot of energy behind it, but it’s always a two-way street. The individual has to want to do those things too.
What are some things you consider when identifying potential?
We look for leaders who can lead in a global environment. That doesn’t necessarily mean they have lived elsewhere. It means they listen and learn, understand there are differences, and start to apply their knowledge to relate to other people. These are people who drive common processes and programs and develop two-way (or more) types of collaboration and communication skills. Additionally, we’re always looking for strong P&L leaders with GM capability. We see a gap in the market for that as well, so we look for people who understand how a business works and about the financial levers you pull to get value out of an organization. Those are the primary things we’re looking to identify. Finally, I would be leaving out a core component if I didn’t mention that we look for learning agility in the high potentials.
You mentioned executive transparency. What about transparency to the individuals themselves?
At a senior level, we’re transparent with individuals, because we want to give them every opportunity to succeed. We have regular conversations with people we’re looking to develop and retain, perhaps for C-level positions. The area where we still have a debate is below that level. How much do you tell an employee, knowing that someone who demonstrates high potential in one role doesn’t necessarily convey the same potential if moved somewhere else? In a new role, an individual may take some time to get back on his or her feet and increase potential once again after mastering that particular role. We do struggle with it, and I believe transparency is important. It also takes leadership courage to tell employees whether they are high potential or not and the reasons why. You show employees the gaps and help them fill in those gaps. It takes a lot of resolve. What often separates leaders from managers is the ability to develop people, including frank conversations about performance.
When I say succession planning, what does that mean to your organization?
Our organization has some very clear metrics included on every executive’s performance management review, including our CEO. As you can imagine, those objectives are important to the Board. Each one of us has a metric where we are expected to have one or two successors ready for our C-suite roles within two years. In that 24-month range, we need to have someone ready to take on the role if one of us should leave. We’re also expected to have an emergency plan in place. You may identify someone who has very strong technical skills and could hold it together but may not have an interest or capability to be the long-term leader. With the criteria we have in place, I believe we can comfortably say we have identified at least one successor. But it’s tough to find two. It creates competition, which is sometimes good and other times is a challenge. We are definitely measured by those two metrics.
We’re also looking at the next level down. We like that level to have one or two successors ready as well, but their criterion is a bit more open. If 75 percent of their positions have successors, we’re pretty happy with it. It’s a huge challenge. We know that if you measure it, it tends to happen. On the other hand, you have to find the right talent. We don’t put someone in that box just to satisfy the metrics. There is a lot of conversation and assessment around whether the succession plan is valid.
How far down in the organization do you use a plan for a job succession versus a pool?
We require succession planning through level three, which includes any direct report of the C-level executives. Below that level, most of our businesses do succession planning for another level or two. At the middle levels and even deeper, it’s treated as a talent pool with groups of high potentials going through targeted talent programs. Being in 60 countries, we struggle with the mobility of the pool and their willingness to move, not just across a region but maybe from a center of excellence to something that’s more of a generalist role. The issue of willingness sometimes makes it difficult for us to fulfill some of those plans.
Is there a language challenge when looking for leaders in some of the global market roles?
Yes, we have that challenge. In Asia, they are very anxious to learn and speak English, so while there may be a language barrier, the willingness to learn is there. We’re in the process of bringing a couple of our European leaders to the United States to get them exposure, with hopes they will go back and be able to lead a little bit differently than they are today. There are still cultural barriers within Europe, and we struggle with that.
Tell us more about how you develop cross skills and build a pool of international talent.
First, let me speak to knowledge management and retention. Even though we’re very concerned about these functions, the processes we put into place can be leveraged anywhere. There are two main tactics on which we focus our knowledge management efforts. One is an individual knowledge transfer, where you have someone who’s very deep in a certain technology and it’s only necessary for a few more people to understand and know it. In that case, we put an individual knowledge transfer plan in place versus one for a broad technical base or retiring skill set.
Secondly, we have started building communities of practice, which are similar to informal networks with a very specific process and a key knowledge holder leading it. This leader tends to be someone who has been with the company for a long time and understands the way things work. The leader must be willing to communicate through documentation, storytelling, videotaping, and roundtable discussions. In the last six months, we have started in those specific areas. It takes a lot of willingness and collaboration. We have technology tools, such as SharePoint, to help us communicate with each other. We’re trying to take leaders with the deep skill to teach another generation what we do. It’s very driven by the products and technologies we have, including advanced materials and highly-engineered metallurgical components. It’s important to have the process in place so that an engineer doesn’t just document ISO 9000 and think it’s enough. We need them to explain the “why” behind the steps, tell the story, and give some practical examples of applications. Those are some of the things we’re doing right now. It’s very early in the journey, so one of our main questions is about how to measure the effectiveness. We’re still working to figure that out, but we believe it will be evaluated by the comfort of the targeted learners with critical/transferred knowledge dimensions as well as evaluations of the thoroughness of the knowledge transfer (assessed by the knowledge holders).
Additionally, we have some good, targeted rotation programs. Right now, we have between 15 and 20 ex-pat assignments. We tend to keep those in areas that are a little bit higher in the organization. For example, just in the six years I’ve been at Kennametal, we’ve had five leaders from the finance organization go to Europe and come back, all taking on larger roles. The effect is two-fold since it also helped the European leadership team understand how to more effectively get things done at Kennametal. It helped them get over the hurdle of the operating system and the language and cultural barriers. Having someone at the table that has been there and lived it helps them work more effectively. It has worked so well that we’re now going to try it in Asia for the first time. We’ve done the same thing with marketing. Those skills are very easily transferred across regions. Some other areas aren’t as easy. For example, it’s difficult for an HR person to go to Europe and try to lead effectively. With 19 countries, an employee base speaking multiple languages, and employment laws that are extremely different, it’s a much bigger challenge.
Does your organization do short-term assignments and rotations as well as the ex-pat route?
We’re looking to do more of that. I believe we have to break this barrier that an ex-pat assignment must be two or three years, because it’s a huge expense and demand on the family that has to go with the transferred employee. We’re looking at some alternative arrangements. A function of companies with which I’ve worked where it’s been effective is in the IT realm. They bring people to and from India, Asia, or Europe for three months. That’s not too disruptive and avoids many of the challenges around visas that you have with a direct ex-pat assignment. We are definitely looking at it. At this point, it’s happening a bit more organically than planned.
Are there other unique advances your organization is making in the HR arena?
One segment that’s growing for us is related to returning military veterans. It’s a good talent pipeline for us, and we’re starting to put more attention toward how we can attract post-military professionals and integrate them into our organization, while also providing support and outreach to their families. That pipeline is increasingly important because we find that the military veteran skill set fits really well, especially for technical supervisor or managerial jobs, in our plants.
Secondly, we have a unique differentiator called the Kennametal Knowledge Center. It’s like a university where we train employees, customers, and our distributors. We train about 3,000 people per year in this program, focused on industrial and machining technologies. It’s done in six languages. That is another differentiator for us that is helping to build our pipeline, while also supporting growth via the training we extend to customers and distributors.
BIOS:
Judith Bacchus
Judith L. Bacchus is Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Kennametal, Inc. In this position, she oversees all human resources responsibilities worldwide. Bacchus joined Kennametal in April 2006. Celebrating its 75th year as an industrial technology leader, Kennametal, Inc. (NYSE: KMT) delivers productivity to customers seeking peak performance in demanding environments. The company provides innovative wear-resistant products and application engineering backed by advanced material science. With approximately 13,000 employees and nearly $3 billion in sales, the company realizes half of its revenue from outside North America and 40 percent globally from innovations introduced in the past five years.
Prior to her current role, Bacchus served as Vice President, Human Resources for Kennametal’s Shared Services, Growth, and Business Segment functions and also led the Global Talent Acquisition team. Before joining Kennametal, she was Human Resources Generalist, North America for the Marconi Corporation. She has more than 20 years of experience as a human resource professional. Bacchus earned her Bachelor of Science degree in administration and management from LaRoche College in Allison Park, Pennsylvania. She and her husband currently reside in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Lesley Hoare
Lesley Hoare is a Senior Human Resources executive with extensive talent management and development expertise. She is a successful change leader with global experience in both the design and implementation of complex talent programs and initiatives. In her former role as Vice President of Talent Management and Diversity & Inclusion with Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Hoare led the development of Kimberly-Clark’s global people processes in the areas of Talent Acquisition, Learning & Development, Performance Management, Leadership and Succession, and Diversity & Inclusion.
Prior to Kimberly-Clark, Hoare spent 17 years with Hewlett Packard in a variety of leadership roles in Customer Education, Consulting, Leadership Development, Executive Development, and Talent Management. Hoare holds an Education certificate from Durham University and MSc in Training from Leicester University in the UK. She was formerly Co-Chair and Program Director for the Conference Board, Talent Management Council and was recognized as the 2007 winner of the Chief Learning Officer Innovation Award.



Related Articles




Brent Rasmussen, North American Division President, CareerBuilder on the recent acquisition of EMSI and employment in the United States.





Vikrim Pandit Ousted from Citigroup





Fostering a Culture of Engagement: Communication as Value Driver – Kathy Brooks, President of Human Resources and Organizational Development, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Inc.





February 25, 2013
SHARE ARTICLE

Linked In
Twitter
Google Plus
Mail
Print











Log in to Argyle Journal

By logging in, you will have full access to both
public and private Argyle Journal Libraries










Remember Me


Subscribe | Lost your password?











Judith L. Bacchus , Kennametal Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Judith L. Bacchus  
Vice President and Chief Human Resources and Corporate Relations OfficerKennametal Inc.
Telephone, and Email available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Head, Global Talent Acquisition,  Kennametal Inc.,  ,  
(1 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
The Leadership Library® Leadership Networks® Leadership® Companies Premium


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            










Page Not Found - Relationship Science


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology







Page Not Found

Oops! Looks like you followed a bad link.

Click here to start over.









Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.

























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Father's Day in Tools and Home Improvement












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Tools & Home Improvement



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Tools & Home Improvement Best Sellers Deals & Savings Gift Ideas Power & Hand Tools Lighting & Ceiling Fans Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Smart Home Shop by Room Launchpad




















































































1-24 of 4,148 results for Tools & Home Improvement : Prime Day deals



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review


























Best Sellerin Measuring ToolsSee more choicesTEKTON 24335 1/2-Inch Drive Click Torque Wrench (10-150 ft.-lb./13.6-203.5 Nm)by TEKTON
$
36
99

$39.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$29.59(24 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,550Best Sellerin Camping ShovelsSOG Entrenching Tool F08-N - Folding Shovel, High Carbon Steel Handle, Nylon Carry Case, Powder Coat Finishby SOG
$
6
48

Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 27.More Buying Choices$3.66(49 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
1,089Best Sellerin Commercial Door HardwareSee more choicesStanley 94-248 65-Piece Homeowner's Tool Kitby Stanley
$
38
67

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$33.64(41 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,530See Size OptionsStanley Powerlock 25ft Tape Ruleby Stanley
$
9
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$8.69(109 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,092See more choicesBLACK+DECKER LDX120C 20-Volt MAX Lithium-Ion Cordless Drill/Driverby BLACK+DECKER
$
50
23

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$46.71(85 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
3,335Best Sellerin Drill AdaptersSee more choicesTEKTON 4957 Impact Adapter and Reducer Set, Cr-V, 4-Pieceby TEKTON
$
7
27

PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28More Buying Choices$5.74(11 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,779See Size OptionsNeiko 60166A Toilet Plunger with Patented All-Angle Design | Heavy Duty | Aluminum Handleby Neiko
$
13
99

$22.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$12.17(12 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,380Best Sellerin Power Tool StaplesSee Size OptionsStanley TRA700BN Heavy-Duty Staple & Brad Assortment, 2500-Packby Stanley
$
5
82

$10.99Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 27.More Buying Choices$5.41(14 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
495Best Sellerin Power Random Orbit SandersBlack & Decker BDERO100 Random Orbit Sander, 5-Inchby BLACK+DECKER
$
26
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$21.72(17 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
649Best Sellerin Hex KeysSee more choicesTEKTON Long Arm Ball End Hex Key Wrench Set, Inch/Metric, 26-Piece | 25282by TEKTON
$
15
59

$16.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$3.41(13 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
528PeakPlus Super Bright LED Tactical Flashlight Zoomable Adjustable Focus 5 Modes Water Resistant Torch with Rechargeable 18650 Lithium Ion Battery & Chargerby PeakPlus
$
16
99

$39.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$16.99(2 new offers)7% off purchase of 2 itemsSee DetailsFREE Shipping on eligible orders and 1 more promotion
4.5 out of 5 stars
3,172See more choicesZircon e50-FFP Stud Sensor e50 Edge-Finding Electronic Stud Finder with AC Wire Warning in Easy Open Packagingby Zircon
$
23
86

$29.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.1 out of 5 stars
1,120See Size OptionsTEKTON 2830 Everybit (TM) Precision Bit and Driver Kit for Electronic and Precision Devices, 27-Pieceby TEKTON
$
9
99

$19.98PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28More Buying Choices$7.95(23 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
2,053DEWALT DWA2T40IR IMPACT READY FlexTorq Screw Driving Set, 40-Pieceby DEWALT
$
25
94

$29.27PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$25.94(26 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.7 out of 5 stars
850Black & Decker DR260C 5.2-Amp Drill/Driver, 3/8-Inchby BLACK+DECKER
$
21
99

$24.88PrimeExclusively for Prime MembersGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$19.13(60 used &amp new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
373TEKTON 24330 3/8-Inch Drive Click Torque Wrench (10-80 ft.-lb./13.6-108.5 Nm)by TEKTON
$
33
12

$39.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$25.03(18 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
709Best Sellerin MalletsSee Size OptionsTEKTON 30812 Double-Faced Soft Mallet, 35 mmby TEKTON
$
7
87

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$7.87(12 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
525Smith & Wesson Extreme Ops SWA24S Liner Lock Folding Knife Partially Serrated Clip Point Bladeby Smith & Wesson
$
11
97

$17.24PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$6.94(22 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.2 out of 5 stars
379Best Sellerin Plier SetsStanley 84-114 3 Piece Basic 6-Inch Slip Joint, 6-Inch Long Nose, and 6-Inch Diagonal Plier Setby Stanley
$
8
89

Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 27.More Buying Choices$6.90(15 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
238Best Sellerin Power Polishers & BuffersBlack & Decker WP900 6-Inch Random Orbit Waxer/Polisherby Black & Decker
$
28
32

$29.97PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$8.00(45 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.2 out of 5 stars
552TEKTON 4971 1/2-Inch Drive Impact Extension Bar Set, Cr-V, 3-Pieceby TEKTON
$
12
21

$13.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$9.47(8 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
680See more choicesSOG Key Folding Knife KEY-101 - 1.5" Blade, Black Stainless Steel Handleby SOG Specialty Knives
$
7
78

$10.99Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 27.More Buying Choices$7.78(6 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
2,451See more choicesSTANLEY STMT73795 Mixed Tool Set, 210-Pieceby Stanley
$
99
00

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27More Buying Choices$69.30(16 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
651See Size OptionsStanley 51-104 16 Ounce Rubber Malletby Stanley
$
6
80

Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 27.More Buying Choices$6.80(12 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.7 out of 5 stars
105Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackLED Tactical Flashlight,SDFLAYER T6 High Powered Handheld Torch with Rechargeable 18650 Lithium Ion Battery and Charger , 5 Modes Zoomable Adjustable Focus For Hiking, Camping, Emergencyby SDFLAYER
$
17
14

$99.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,094Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackSOAIY Soft Brightness Plug In LED Night Light with Smart Dusk To Dawn On / Off Sensor, Offset Prongs, for Kids Room, Hallway, Bathroom, Stairs, White (5800K), Pack of 8by Soaiy
$
16
99

$19.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
594Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackBlueFire 1200 Lumen CREE XML T6 Adjustable LED 5 Mode Aluminum Flashlightby BlueFire
$
12
34

Subscribe & SaveSave more with monthly Subscribe & Save deliveries.
$
12
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
906Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackTactical Portable LED Flashlight 1000 Lumens with 5 Modesby UolineLimited time deal
$
12
99

$59.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4 out of 5 stars
538Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedback3M  8511DB1-A-PS Drywall Sanding Valved Respirator, 10-Packby 3M
$
16
97

$19.97PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,813Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackWise Foods 1 Month Supply Pack (112 Servings)by Wise Company
$
79
97

PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.9 out of 5 stars
78

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
173
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.

Father's Day in Tools and Home Improvement Celebrate Father’s Day and save 20% or more on select Tools. Find the perfect gift for dads who are passionate about tools; whether they are professionals who make a living out of tools or casual DIYers who are passionate about building projects. Amazon’s Tools and Home Improvement store offers a large variety of Hand Tools, Power Tools, Test and Measurement Tools and Garage storage. In addition, keep your dad safe with our safety and security selection.  Our Gifts under $25, $50, $75 and $100 allow you to browse a wide catalogue of gifts within your budget and enjoy a time saving and stress free shopping experience. You can find here all the needed tools from flashlights, sander, table saw, tool box, torque wrench, soldering iron, tactical flashlight, circular saw, led flashlight, drill, welding helmet, cordless drill, router bits, impact driver, tool set, socket set, hammer drill, tool bag, stud finder, drill press, screwdriver set, belt sander, miter saw, router table, clamps, welder, tool set, nail gun, level and jigsaw. Without the proper tools, it's probable that most projects aren't going to get done, or at least not be done well. Help your dad perfect his project, no matter what tool-related venture he is taking on. Amazon.com has the trustworthy brands delivering the helpful products your dad loves, brands like Dremel, Dewalt, Makita, Black + Decker, Bosch, Stanley, Tekton, Shop Vac and more.  Shop on Amazon.com and get free shipping for qualifying orders. 





Show results for
                                Tools & Home ImprovementPrime Day dealsAppliancesBuilding SuppliesElectricalHardwareKitchen & Bath FixturesLight BulbsLighting & Ceiling FansMeasuring & Layout ToolsPainting Supplies & Wall TreatmentsPower & Hand ToolsRough PlumbingSafety & SecurityStorage & Home OrganizationWelding & SolderingRefine byAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonFeatured BrandsTEKTONStanleyBLACK+DECKERNeikoPeakPlusZirconDEWALTSee moreColor
Black
Grey
White
Brown
Beige
Red
Pink
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
Gold
Silver
Multi
Stainless SteelPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpSubscribe & SaveSubscribe & Save EligibleInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleCertificationsEnergy StarUL ListedConditionNewUsedPriceUnder $25$25 to $50$50 to $100$100 to $200$200 & Above$$GoDiscount10% Off or More25% Off or More50% Off or More70% Off or MoreSellerAmazon.comDataAlchemyGatziesAcme ToolsFactory Authorized OutletCPO OutletsNorex Supply - Save up to 70% on everything!ONLINE DEALZMaterro LLCUnbeatableSale, IncAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates








