








DELI-WRAP: Bacon, Egg, and Cheese - Ashley Koff RD LLC






























































































 








 































Better Tools,Better Support,Better Nutrition
Join The Better Nutrition Membership today to access the tools you need to make better not perfect choices more often
Join Now







 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 










































0



Login
Join Now








Groceries

Ready to Eat – Multiple Servings

Meat, Fish, Poultry & Eggs

Fruit

Ready to Eat- Single Servings

Grains, Flours, Flour-Based Products

Treats

Dairy/Dairy Replacements

Beverages

Condiments, Oils/Spreads, Herbs/Spices

Beans/Bean Based Foods

Non Starchy Vegetables

Starchy Vegetables

Infant & Toddler

Nuts & Seeds



Dietary Supplements

Vitamins & Minerals

Essential Fats

Herbal Remedies

Proteins

Homeopathics

Enzymes/ Probiotics/ Colostrum



Accessories & Beauty Care

Beauty

Home

Qualitarian Lifestyle Accessories



Prepared Foods & Restaurants

Restaurants

Fast Food

Food Delivery










Ashley’s Approved Products


Ever wished you could hire a personal shopper to shop for you or guide you through the store? Well, you've got one now.












Ready to Eat- Single Servings 

 


EVOL Foods 
DELI-WRAP: Bacon, Egg, and Cheese
Burrito
 Add To My Shopping List 
		        

Adding...





Tweet












Other products by EVOL Foods:



 




							MINIS: Chicken, Bean, and Rice						

 Add To Shopping List
Adding...





 




							MINIS: Bean and Cheddar						

 Add To Shopping List
Adding...






 




							DELI-WRAP: Veggie, Bean, and Cheese						

 Add To Shopping List
Adding...





 




							DELI-WRAP: Shredded Beef						

 Add To Shopping List
Adding...






 




							DELI-WRAP: Sausage, Egg, and Cheese						

 Add To Shopping List
Adding...





 




							DELI-WRAP: Potato, Egg, and Cheese						

 Add To Shopping List
Adding...












Nutrients You Need Beyond Vitamins

			July 15, 2016Newsletters 
ShareNutrients You Need Beyond Vitamins & Minerals PLUS Healthier Gluten-Free Alternatives



































  
Better Nutrition, Simplified
Nutrients you need, but can’t get through food. 

 



You can find vitamin C in foods like oranges, bell peppers, kiwifruit, and broccoli, and vitamin A in your sweet potatoes, carrots, and dark leafy greens, but where can you find vitamins L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T and U?  Hint: they can’t be found in your food, but they are just as critical for better health.
Get the scoop on the important nutrients you need but can’t find through food here.
 




























AKA Highlight
Ask Ashley: Should I take CoQ10?
 

Aging is such a catch-22…what our bodies need, our bodies actually make less of! This includes the important compound CoQ10.  Often overlooked in conversations about aging healthfully, CoQ10 is needed to help prevent the formation of free radicals — compounds that can create lasting damage. Here’s why
CoQ10 is First-Aid For Your Aging Cells, and the factors that contribute to your body’s CoQ10 load and CoQ10 needs.



























Ashley’s Upcoming Adventures & News

Traveling around the world to 
bring
 you Better Nutrition, Simplified


Are you meeting your total nutrition needs?  Do you need supplements to help you?  Register for the FREE webinar on Tuesday, July 19 at 11am ET titled Better Total Nutrition Simplified: The Pros & Cons of Dietary Supplements to get the answers you need.
Ashley will be at the IDEA World Convention this weekend.  Stay tuned for exciting news on that front.
Closer to home, Ashley will be checking out the MetaWear facility in Virginia.  Next stop, the Eastern shores of Maryland to explore their culinary wines and culinary wins.

 


























Health Hall of Shame
Zein: The Solution for Delicious Gluten-Free Bread?!
The headline reads 
“
food scientists say they’ve found a way to make gluten-free bread taste delicious
” and the article shares information about two “inventors'” isolation of zein, a protein found in corn, that under the right baking conditions forms similar properties as gluten to give your bread elasticity, so that those with celiac disease can finally enjoy an affordable, delicious gluten free alternative. 


Um not only have I bought, made, and eaten delicious gluten-free bread for quite some time now, but it’s what those breads are full of and what zein is not that make this story and zein a Health Hall of Shame inductee.


Unlike the story leads you to believe, gluten-free can and should taste delicious, and it already does – check out some of my favorites like Manna Organic, Canyon, and Le Pain Quotidien gluten-free bread or make Socca or the “life-changing” bread from My New Roots.

What makes these gluten-free breads delicious and more nutritious is the ingredients they do contain — like whole foods, seeds, and grains. Conversely, zein is an isolated protein (made into flour it may actually be harmful for those with celiac disease, as this study recently demonstrated).  And while the corn currently being used is from Italy, should zein be made in the USA it’s likely to come from GMO corn. Health Hall of Shame on Zein, for what it is and the insulting way it’s being promoted.

 

 

























  
Tori’s Honor Roll
Say “YES!” to 5 Gluten-Free Food Swaps
 

There’s only a Health Hall of Shame because there are better options out there you can easily say “YES!” to. Join Tori Holthaus, MS, RDN, LD, in this column to learn what those options are. For continued conversation and more healthy ideas,
join Tori here!
 



We don’t need to isolate the protein from corn in order to have a delicious gluten-free alternative…Mama Nature gives us so many naturally gluten-free choices! From vegetables to pulses, for wraps and noodles, check out my blog for 5 of my favorite ways to swap your favorite gluten-containing foods for gluten-free alternatives.

























  
From the AKA Kitchen
Pea Protein Overnight Oats


 

Assemble tomorrow’s breakfast while you make tonight’s dinner to save time and get you excited to wake up when you know this will be waiting. Made with gluten-free oats, pulses and seeds, this overnight oats is sure to win you (and anyone you make it for) over.
Find the recipe here!

 

 

 




































Ashley Koff, RD


















Qualitarian | Nutrition Expert | Health Advocate
For all inquiries please contact:
AKA@AshleyKoffApproved.com


















Stay Connected








   






















Download the free
Better Nutrition, Simplified plan for your guide to eating better.

 

















“I’m here to help you get Better Nutrition, Simplified.”
– Ashley Koff, RD











































































 
Share 









Newsletter
Want help making Better Not Perfect choices more often?
Sign up for Better Not Perfect Tips monthly
Sign UpThanks for signing up!


FAQs
Questions about the better nutrition membership?
Take a look at our most Frequently Asked Questions.
View FAQs






ABOUT ASHLEY
 
Ashley's Bio
Testimonials
Better Nutrition FAQs





ASHLEY IN THE MEDIA

TV
Online
Download Media Kit





WORK WITH ASHLEY

Affiliates
Speaking Engagements
Brand Consulting & Partnerships
Personalized Nutrition Packages





CONTACT ASHLEY

Business Inquiries
Media Inquiries
Mailing Address
New Patient Form















View Full Site



 
Privacy Policy 
Terms of Service
Disclosure
© 2016 Ashley Koff RD LLC. All Rights Reserved 














































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


































Bacon, Love, & Tomatoes (Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the menu Book 2) - Kindle edition by Ashley Lauren. Romance Kindle eBooks @ Amazon.com.

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Kindle Store



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Buy a Kindle Kindle eBooks Kindle Unlimited Prime Reading Advanced Search Best Sellers & More  Kindle Book Deals Free Reading Apps Kindle Singles Newsstand Accessories Content and devices Kindle Support

























































































                Kindle Store
            


             ›
         


                Kindle eBooks
            


             ›
         


                 Romance
             

























                            Print List Price:
                        

                            $5.99
                        



                            Kindle Price:
                        

                            $2.99 
                            
                            
                                
                                    Save $3.00 (50%)
                                


























kindle unlimited logo



                Unlimited reading. Over 1 million titles.
            

                    Learn more
                




                    Read for Free
                


OR


            Buy now with 1-Click
            
                &reg







           Promotions apply when you purchase
        




        These promotions will be applied to this item:
    



        Some promotions may be combined; others are not eligible to be combined with other offers. For details, please see the Terms & Conditions associated with these promotions.
    






Deliver to your Kindle or other device























                Send a free sample
            




Deliver to your Kindle or other device


































            Give as a Gift
        



















                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      

















	                                Enter a promotion code or Gift Card
	                            








Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest



Link copied!


<Embed>



















































Bacon, Love, & Tomatoes (Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the menu Book 2)

                                    Kindle Edition
                                



            
            
            
                
                
                    
                    
                    by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			








Ashley Lauren
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's Ashley Lauren Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








Ashley Lauren



(Author)















4.6 out of 5 stars








8 customer reviews











Book 2 of 7 in Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the Menu (7 Book Series)










See all 2 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Kindle




"Please retry"






$2.99 






                            —
                        

                            —
                        

















Paperback




"Please retry"







$5.99 








$5.99



                            —
                        













Kindle 


            $0.00
        
kindle unlimited logo






                This title and over 1 million more available with 
                    Kindle Unlimited
                




            			$2.99 to buy






Paperback 


      $5.99
    








        
          2 New from $5.99
        
      















 Katy Cupid has put more than just her heart and soul into her 50’s style diner. She’s also added a bit of her magical touch into spicing up the love lives of her patrons. Katy’s always had a ‘gift’ for knowing who would be perfect together, and she just can’t help doing a little matchmaking. From obvious introductions to sly schemes, Katy is always looking to put two hearts together so that they find a sweet romance that blossoms into true love.In Bacon, Love, and Tomatoes, college student Brooke Massey was charmed on her first visit to Cupid's Cafe. She instantly loved the atmosphere and the diner's owner, Katy Cupid. Then, her BLT, minus the bacon, arrived with extra bacon. Just across from her, Justin Elliott received his extra bacon BLT without any bacon. Katy smiled to herself as she watched Brooke introduce herself to Justin. Had she found another couple who was perfect together?Each novella in the Cupid's Café series is a complete story and can be read in any order. This is a clean and wholesome romance.











Read more
Read less













                        
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                    

Length:


         73 pages
    



                        
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                    

Word Wise: 


        Enabled
    


























Book AwardsBrowse award-winning titles.  

See more

















 click to open popover 







      Books In This Series (7 Books)	
   


Page 1 of 1Start OverPage 1 of 1
Previous page




1





Waffles & Weddings (Cupid's Cafe Where 



          Ashley Lauren
        





4.5 out of 5 stars



    (55)
  



Kindle Edition


$2.99







2





Bacon, Love, & Tomatoes (Cupid's 



          Ashley Lauren
        





4.6 out of 5 stars



    (8)
  



Kindle Edition


$2.99







3





Sweet as Shortcake (Cupid's Cafe Where 



          Ashley Lauren
        





4.4 out of 5 stars



    (15)
  



Kindle Edition


$2.99







4





Chocolate Kisses (Cupid's Cafe Where 



          Ashley Lauren
        





4.6 out of 5 stars



    (16)
  



Kindle Edition


$2.99







5





Fries Before Guys (Cupid's Cafe Where 



          Ashley Lauren
        





5.0 out of 5 stars



    (6)
  



Kindle Edition


$2.99



Next page






Complete Series








Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the Menu 



          Ashley Lauren
        


Kindle Edition


$20.93







Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 















Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Happily Ever Summer: A Contemporary Cinderella Retelling (Happily Ever Series Book 1)
        

Carly Morgan


3.1 out of 5 stars

8

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            Fire & Ice: A Ménage Fantasy
        

Chance Carter


4.8 out of 5 stars

441

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            A Cherry on Top (Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the menu Book 7)
        

Ashley Lauren


4.8 out of 5 stars

10

Kindle Edition$2.99 





            The Boss Duet Box Set
        

Logan Chance


4.8 out of 5 stars

50

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            Somebody Like You (Cupid's Bow: The Third Generation Book 1)
        

Melissa Storm


4.7 out of 5 stars

44

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            Rock Hard Baby Daddy: A Cowboy Romance
        

Rye Hart


4.6 out of 5 stars

255

Kindle Edition$0.99 


Next







         Sponsored products related to this item  (What's this?)       Page  1  of  1     Start over       Sponsored Products are advertisements for products sold by merchants on Amazon.com. When you click on a Sponsored Product ad, you will be taken to an Amazon detail page where you can learn more about the product and purchase it.   To learn more about Amazon Sponsored Products, click here.              Feedback       At Any Price: (Adam & Mia #1) (Gaming The System)   Brenna Aubrey   A brilliant premed student. An online virginity auction. A sexy CEO. Can such a scandalous beginning lead to lasting love?     4.5 out of 5 stars    1,197   Kindle Edition   $0.00              Feedback       Chicago Billionaires: Contemporary Romance Series Boxed Set   Aria Hawthorne   Do you believe in steamy billionaire love stories with happily ever afters? Four stand-alone full-length romance novels all set in Chicago!     4.9 out of 5 stars    23   Kindle Edition   $5.99              Feedback       Listen To Your Heart   Margaret Lake   The angelic minister Lena was forbidden to be with or the wealthy and dashing hero of World War I. What will Lena’s heart say?     4.4 out of 5 stars    12   Kindle Edition   $2.99              Feedback       Park Avenue Prince   Louise Bay   "...sexy, romantic and swoon worthy." Jana Aston - New York Times Bestselling Author     4.5 out of 5 stars    233   Kindle Edition   $3.99              Feedback       Stone Rules (A Stone Brothers Novel)   Samantha Christy   Rule #1 - Don't get involved with clients. Yeah, right . . . I'm about to shatter all my rules for her. A raw, emotional, sexy story of overcoming.     4.8 out of 5 stars    193   Kindle Edition   $3.99              Feedback       Vow: A Lords of Action Novel   K.J. Jackson   “I have sworn twice in my life I would no longer touch you, Ara. But I am not a man that can stand by that particular vow.” Steamy historical romance.     4.3 out of 5 stars    51   Kindle Edition   $3.99              Feedback       Dirty English   Ilsa Madden-Mills   Rule #1 No kissing the smokin' hot guy next door.Rule #2 There are no rules.Sexy, emotional, romantic, and free in kindle unlimited.     4.5 out of 5 stars    1,230   Kindle Edition   $4.99               Back         Next          Ad feedback    









Product details


File Size: 3732 KB
Print Length: 73 pages
Simultaneous Device Usage: Unlimited
Publisher: Dashland Published (August 4, 2016)
Publication Date: August 4, 2016

Sold by: Amazon  Digital Services  LLC

Language: English
ASIN: B01JRNRI96
Text-to-Speech: 

Enabled






X-Ray:




Not Enabled






Word Wise: Enabled
Lending: Enabled

Enhanced Typesetting:

Not Enabled





Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 






















#216,275 Paid in Kindle Store (See Top 100 Paid in Kindle Store)
 
















































































#2419
in Books > Romance > Clean & Wholesome


#2794
in Kindle Store > Kindle Short Reads > Two hours or more (65-100 pages) > Romance


#6919
in Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Romance > Inspirational



 
Would you like to tell us about a lower price?





















Customer reviews4.6 out of 5 stars84.6 out of 5 stars5 star63%4 star37%3 star0%2 star0%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all verified purchase reviewsTop customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsPerfectly Innocent,  Sweet,  and SafeByKindle Customeron October 26, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseA true gentleman in awkward nerd's clothing is pulled outside of his comfort zone when  he recognizes what he really desires in his new acquaintance--thanks to Katy Cupid's intuitively innocent finagling. Little adventurous moments bring out the magic and potential latent in the match of these two hearts.I revel in the sweetness of a romantic story that isn't at all about a race to get stangers with zero self-control into the bedroom having intimacy with a selfish pseudo vision of who they are consummating a non-relationship bond.Stories likes this are a sweet balm reinstating the magic of feeling the bestowal of a look and the brush of hands that goes straight to a heart.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsAnother "We are the Champions" RomanceByPaul Kodiakon July 21, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseI just love your stories. This one is even better than Waffles and Weddings. I was expecting a story with Sophie's dad, but this was a refreshing romance between science nerds and totally fun to read. I was one in a way and never felt like part of the "in" crowd. Nothing ever happened to me like Justin and I had to go through two wives before I met her, but my third wife is definitely the love of my life and sometimes I can't believe someone like me is with someone like her and for seventeen years even. This story definitely gives hope to those outside the "in" crowd.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsSweet RomanceByMrs. Westhoffon July 25, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseOnce again, I deducted a star for typos.  This time it was Justine (Justin) and ad (and), so not as bad!  I really liked the story and the characters!  I loved the dolphins!Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsLoved thisByKim Ton July 22, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseSuch a sweet romantic story!  Justin and Brooke are so cute together, just seem meant to be together!  I especially enjoyed the scene with the dolphins!Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsAnother good story!ByBernadette Cinkoskeon January 25, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseI am reading these in order but they would stand alone very nicely. These stories are fairly short but the characters are well developed - complete with their quirks and insecurities. It is fun to see Katy Cupid introduce the characters. These are the perfect escape to recharge my batteries!Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsFun and sweetByBetty Otton October 24, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseLoved this book. A sweet, loveing and gentle reminder of new love.No sex, yay! And fun addition to the series.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsDelightfully awkward!ByJessie Con October 20, 2016Format: Kindle EditionWhenever I read a romance, I appreciate the witty characters, and those who can flirt, but I always think, that wouldn't be me.  I am not that smooth, or witty.  But I do blush.  Easily.  These characters were so delightfully awkward and shy.  They reminded me of what I was probably like in college.  Not smooth and worldly, but tripping, blushing, and blurting things out.Brooke and Justin meet at Cupid's Cafe when the owner Katy Cupid mixes up their BLTs.  Brooke, a vegetarian, gets one with extra bacon, and Justin, eager to eat his sandwich, is shocked to find it without its key ingredient.  From there the two become sweetly enamored with one another.  It was a cute romance full of dating mishaps, and eventually a happily ever after.Content: clean (some kissing)Read more0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsA cute novella.ByKindle Customeron February 15, 2017Format: Kindle EditionThis was a sweet novella. It is a clean romance that was fun and the main characters were cute together.  Child's Cafe is a great premise for these romances to bloom.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all verified purchase reviews (newest first)Write a customer review

Search customer reviewsSearch





Set up an Amazon Giveaway








Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. Learn more about Amazon Giveaway


This item: Bacon, Love, & Tomatoes (Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the menu Book 2)


Set up a giveaway














Customers who viewed this item also viewedPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Waffles & Weddings (Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the menu Book 1)
        

Ashley Lauren


4.5 out of 5 stars

55

Kindle Edition$2.99 





            Rocking Noelle: A Christmas Novella (The Rocking Series Book 6)
        

Kacey Hamford


4.8 out of 5 stars

7

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            Bucked Off For Love: A Bull Rider Novella
        

Lacey Wolfe


4.3 out of 5 stars

5

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            Fries Before Guys (Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the menu Book 5)
        

Ashley Lauren


5.0 out of 5 stars

6

Kindle Edition$2.99 





            The Best Man (Harper's Island Book 1)
        

Zane Morrow


4.5 out of 5 stars

27

Kindle Edition$2.99 





            Lakeshore Secrets at Willow Valley (The McAdams Sisters)
        

Audrey DelaineKindle Edition$0.00 


Next







What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?










Waffles & Weddings (Cupid's Cafe Where love is on the menu Book 1)
Kindle Edition

Ashley Lauren


4.5 out of 5 stars

55

$2.99 













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started
























        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.









Look for similar items by category


Books > Romance > Clean & Wholesome
Books > Romance > Romantic Comedy
Kindle Store > Kindle Short Reads > Two hours or more (65-100 pages) > Romance
Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Romance > Inspirational
Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Romance > Romantic Comedy







 







Feedback




    
	  If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, contact us.
	  



          Would you like to report poor quality or formatting in this book?
        
	  
          Click here
	  



          Would you like to report this content as inappropriate?
        
	  
          Click here
	  


    
	  Do you believe that this item violates a copyright?
	  	  Click here












  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    















v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









Ashley Productions - home

































	(610) 353-5344




























				Home
			



				Store (Search product numbers here)
			



				Blank Books & Boards
			



				Classroom Bells
			



				Magnetic Management
			



				Magnetic Sheets
			



				Folding Magnetic Centers
			



				Hall Passes
			





			Inspirational Hall Passes
		





			Rubber Hall Passes
		





			Rubber Paw Passes
		





			3D Puffy Passes
		







				Lanyard ID Holders
			



				Magnetic Alphabet Strips
			



				Magnetic Border
			





			Magnetic Border
		





			Big Magnetic Border
		





			Mini Magnetic Magi-Strips
		





			Magnetic Magi-Strips
		





			Big Magnetic Magi-Strips
		







				Magnetic Classroom Style Charts
			



				Magnetic Welcome Banners
			



				Magnetic Clips
			



				Magnetic Labels/ Nameplates
			





			Small Magnetic Labels/ Nameplates
		





			Large Magnetic Labels/ Nameplates
		







				Magnetic Letters
			





			1.75" Magnetic Letters
		





			2.75" Magnetic Letters
		







				Magnetic Manipulatives
			





			Big Magnetic Sentence Strips
		





			Die-Cut Magnetic Canadian & US Currency
		





			Die-Cut Magnetic Foam Letters/ Word Chunking/ Punctuation Marks
		





			Die-Cut Numbers & Clocks
		





			Die-Cut Shapes/ Fractions/ Dice
		





			Die-Cut Solar System
		







				Magnetic Sight Words
			





			Magnetic ABC Picture Words
		





			Magnetic Big Wall Words
		





			Magnetic Sight Words
		







				Magnetic Whiteboard Erasers
			





			Decorative
		





			Paw Prints
		





			Inspirational
		







				Pocket Dice
			



				Nameplate/ Library Pockets
			





			Clear Nameplate/ Document Pockets
		





			Decorative Library/ Chart/ Photo Pockets
		







				Reading Guides
			





			Sentence Strip Reading Guides 1.25"x7.25"
		





			Big Reading Guides 3.75"x7.25"
		





			Full Page Reading Guides 8.5"x11"
		







				Therapy
			



				Timers
			



				Write-On/ Wipe-Off Boards
			



				Magnetic Mini Bulletin Board Sets
			










ashley productions


Shop In Online Store!


Find educational/ teacher stores near you with the below links!


www.edmarketdealer.com




www.edumart.com


Designers & manufacturers of school, office & home products  featured & popular











 
Reading Guide products are designed to aid students and adults with the following difficulties: skipping words, skipping lines, reversing letters, transposing letters, losing your place, re-reading lines, squinting, concentration, comprehension, red/ watery eyes & reading fatigue. Easily track print through transparent tinted window.
 














 
Motivate children to write and illustrate their own book or game. Great for young authors, gifts, classroom memories, self accomplishment & more! Use with crayons, markers, pens, pencils, etc.
 








Great for use as decoration in the classroom or at home! Match with coordinating decor. Use for spelling and messages. Use on magnetic whiteboards, steel lockers, refrigerators, etc. Die-cut easy punch out. Choose between 1.75" or 2.75".    57 Characters!
 






 








Magnetic Border & Magi-Strips. Great for use in the classroom at home! Use to decorate or divide! Use on magnetic whiteboards, steel lockers, refrigerators, etc. Choose between many sizes!
 






 














 
Decorative Call & Hand Bells. Clear "ding,ding"
 














 
Including Boys, Girls, Hall Pass, Library Pass, Nurse Pass & Office Pass. Mix or match designs! Great for use in the classroom and easy to clean. Rubber Hall Passes, Paw Passes, 3D Puffy Passes & Magnetic Inspirational Passes!
 










contact us

Name *



First



Last





Email *






Comment *














Submit



Ashley Productions is a family owned and operated business since 1981. Our products are designed for use by teachers, parents and families at home or school.  Let our products help you decorate, teach and learn in and out of the classroom!
Telephone: (610) 353-5344 / (800) 430-2761Fax: (610) 353-8194Email: sales@ashleyusa.com









To find individual product numbers please visit the Store page and use the search box.© 2016 Ashley Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
















✕








Chocolate Bacon • Phillip Ashley Chocolates
























































FREE STANDARD SHIPPING!
 





Phillip Ashley Chocolates




Navigation



Our Story

About Us
Meet Chef Phillip Ashley
Services
Press
FAQ’s, Shipping & Returns


Flavor Gallery
Corporate Gifts
Location
E-Gifts
Subscribe
Shop

Designer Chocolates

12 piece – The perfect gift


Signature Collections

Phillip Ashley SS2017 Collection
Phillip Ashley Pralines
Taste of Memphis™ Collection
Gemstone Caramels
Phillip Ashley Vegan™
Posh Pralines Collection COMING SOON!


Enthusiast Collections

The Gimme


Truffles

Grand Cru 70% Dark
Blood Orange
Fireball


Confections

Chocolate Bacon
Belgian Waffle Bar COMING SOON!
French Macarons COMING SOON!


e-Gifts

Virtual Gift Card














Virtual Chocolate Boutique










 


Chocolate Bacon$18.00

Phillip Ashley Chocolates’ wildly popular bacon candy bar features a mix of thick cut, hickory smoked bacon enrobed in 64% dark chocolate or a buttery blond chocolate. Chocolate + bacon, it doesn’t get any better than that!
4oz pouches






Add to cart


Categories: Confections, Featured



Related products


Blood Orange
$30.00
Add to cart

Fireball
$32.00
Add to cart

Grand Cru 70% Dark
$30.00
Add to cart

Gemstone Caramels
$49.00
Add to cart








 

 
















Subscribe To Oure-Newsletter


RECEIVE offers & First glances of OUR LATEST CREATIONS delivered right to your inbox.





 









Email
 



STAY UPDATED 





** You can unsubscribe anytime. 






















 






















































































Ashley Lawrence Bacon from GA Police Arrest Report ID 11767485


 








 







Police Arrest Reports


Home
Search Statistics
Recent
Arrests
Login
Available on the App Store




















Select State
Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
 












Home



Georgia



Bibb


Ashley Lawrence Bacon

 









Police Report for Ashley Lawrence Bacon
Police Arrests Record ID: 11767485





GET MORE
								INFO







Suspect First Name
											ASHLEY

Suspect Last Name
											BACON

Suspect Middle Name
											LAWRENCE







Aliases
											







Date of Birth
											

Arrest Date
											03-17-2015 09:14:00

Age
											

Sex
											Male

Race
											White

Ethnicity
											







Height
											5'10"

Weight
											180

Hair
											Brown

Eye
											Green

Place of Birth
											Georgia







Address
											5419 WHITEHOUSE PLANTATION DR, MACON, GA 31210

State
											Georgia







Total Bond
											

Booking Date
											

Location
											







Summary
											
												Bibb County Law Enforcement arrested Ashley Lawrence Bacon on March 17, 2015. The charge against Bacon is AGGRAVATED STALKING  {1383}. He weighs 180 with brown hair and green eyes;   Bacon and all others arrested are presumed innocent until proven guilty. To get more information about this arrest, contact one of the local police agencies below: Bibb County Law Enforcement.											




 







Statute code/Charge
											AGGRAVATED STALKING  {1383}

Level
											







Charge: AGGRAVATED STALKING  {1383}													 
Degree: 													 
Level: 

Bond: 
Court Type: 

Charging Agency: 

Arresting Agency: 






Get Full Report
*Average report length is 21 pages







Who is Ashley Lawrence Bacon?
Ashley Bacon is a -year-old Male.


When was Ashley Bacon arrested?
According to Bibb County Law Enforcement, Ashley was arrested on March 17, 2015.


What was Ashley Lawrence Bacon arrested for?
Bacon Ashley was arrested on charges of AGGRAVATED STALKING  {1383}.


Is this a mug shot of Ashley Bacon?
Unfortunately, a mug shot of Ashley is unavailable at this time. You may contact Bibb County Law Enforcement to request one.


Are any other mug shots of Ashley Lawrence Bacon available?
Additional mug shots of Bacon Ashley may be available from Bibb County Law Enforcement.


How tall is Ashley Bacon?
Ashley is 5'10" tall.


How much does Ashley weigh?
Ashley Bacon weighs 180 lbs.


What color is Ashley's hair?
Ashley's hair is brown.


What is Ashley's eye color?
Bacon Ashley's eyes are green.




DISCLAIMER: Arrest records of
						Ashley Lawrence Bacon are public documents for informational purposes only.
						All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty, and publication here does not indicate
						that Ashley Lawrence Bacon has committed a criminal offense.
						This information should not be used to determine Ashley Lawrence Bacon's eligibility for credit,
						employment, housing or other business transactions.
						Contact the law enforcement officials in Georgia for further information
						on Ashley Lawrence Bacon's legal status.


If you have more information about Ashley Lawrence Bacon, please share below 



*Use the contact form to speak with a representative


Recently Arrested in Bibb, Georgia


Sebastian Lewis ii Stubbs									


Willie Walter Clopton									


Kyle Alexander Brown									


Alex Howard Box									


Teresa Ann Tripp									


Steven Sr Robinson									


Roderick Antonio Pitts									


Henry Clifford jr Dixon									


Laceey Ann Burris									


Gerald Patrick jr Bentley									


Ronnie Lee Thomas									


James Christopher Patterson									


Verkuaymeion Akira Morgan									


Gary Robert Howard									


Oscar Clarence iii Hall									


Anthony Lane Cheatham									


Derrick Dewayne jr Chappell									


Robert Lee jr Brezial									


Monquencio Deshawn Johnson									


Kyle Alexander Brown									


Albert Kenneth jr Knight									


James Lee jr King									


Sherrie Denise Griffin									


Derrick Wyndell Spivey									




















Bacon Products




















 






 

About Us
Brands
Contact Us




Eagles-7®
Hummer's Galore®
My Buddy®




 





Bacon Products Corporation has called Chattanooga, Tennessee its home since 1944. The on-site manufacturing and laboratory complex is our and our consumers’ greatest asset, with constant monitoring during manufacturing and analytical testing after production.

The Environmental Protection Agency and your state’s regulatory agencies require efficacy studies on EPA registered products. The studies conducted on our product line consistently exceed those requirements.

Commitment to consumer service is one of the most outstanding points of
our company. We pride ourselves in responding to any questions or situations immediately. Our product line has grown in our 70+ years of manufacvtuing quality products and we are contnuing to grow.

To or prospective customers - we would appreciate the opportunty to serve you; to our new customers - we will prove ourselves to you; and, to our loyal customers - we say “thank you,” for without each of you, our successful 70+ years would not have been possible. We look forward to the future and the opportunty to continue providing outstanding customer service and the introduction of exciting new products to our product line while continuing to manufacture our trusted, quality, tried and proven products.

Reed L. Bacon, President
A tour of Bacon Products Corporation



Offices in Chatanooga, TN



Manufacturing Area, Shipping & Receiving



Manufacturing Area, Shipping & Receiving



Warehouse Storage Facilities



Warehouse Storage Facilities



Chemical Manufacturing Facilities



Chemical Manufacturing Facilities



Filling Machinery



Filling Machinery



Filling Machinery



Labelling



Labelling



Labelling



Packaging



Packaging

















site map | privacy policy | terms of use | contact us

    © 2006-2017 Bacon Products Corporation






Bacon Novelties and Gifts
































Help








Your Shopping Cart







 $9.50 Shippingor less on all U.S. OrdersStandard Shipping Only







Home > Bacon Novelties & GiftsBacon Novelties & GiftsWe're your one-stop shop for awesome bacon gifts for a fellow Bacon Freak™. Bacon soda, bacon wrapping paper, bacon wallets, bacon perfume... Wow, who would have thought there could be so many fun bacon novelties available? We did! Show off your bacon pride with any of these cool, one-of-a-kind bacon products and be the coolest "pig" on the block.Baconfreak AccessoriesSee all our selections...Bacon DrinkwareSee all our selections...Bacon ExtrasSee all our selections...Bacon Toys & FriendsSee all our selections...Bacon Novelties For KidsSee all our selections...Bacon JewelrySee all our selections...Bacon FragrancesSee all our selections...Bacon in the KitchenSee all our selections...Novelty SodasSee all our selections...100% Real Gourmet Bacon SuperstoreSizzlin' Hot DealsNew ItemsThe BaconBacon Gift BundlesBacon of the Month ClubsBacon Sweets & SnacksBacon PancakesBacon BeveragesBacon Jerky™Bacon Novelties & GiftsBacon ClothingBacon Seasonings & CondimentsBacon Pet TreatsHam & SausageSwine & WineBacon CookbooksWhy Not?Bacon Gift CertificatesGreeting Cards & AnnouncementsWholesale Products

Flash Player Needed







COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Store Home
Bacon of the Month Clubs
BaconToday Blog
Bacon Freak Press
Bacon Recipes
Bacon Videos
View Cart / Checkout




HELP
Shipping & Return Policy
Affiliate Program
Wholesale
Corporate Gifts
Fundraising
Hot Weather Shipping
Submit A Product
Search




OTHER SITES
GourmetFoodClubs.com
BaconCookBook.com
BaconCandy.com
BaconChocolate.com
BaconPancakes.com
BaconPopcorn.com
BaconTShirts.com




FOLLOW US
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 Instagram
 Google+
 YouTube
 Tumblr
 RSS




   

   












Copyright© 2015 BaconFreak.com and Coastal Vineyards, Inc. All rights reserved. |  Privacy Policy | Shipping & Return Policies | Contact



















  



  


15 Absurdly Wonderful Bacon-Flavored Products














































































Home


Top 50
How To
Magazine
Franchise 500
Spotlight







Subscribe



















Bacon



			15 Absurdly Wonderful Bacon-Flavored Products
		





BEGIN SLIDESHOW




 Shutterstock.com




NEXT
1. Seaweed


					1 / 15
				



Shutterstock




NEXT
2. Cologne


					2 / 15
				



fargginay




NEXT
3. Soda


					3 / 15
				



Lexter's Fixins | Facebook




NEXT
4. Jellybeans


					4 / 15
				



Archie McPhee




NEXT
5. Toothpaste


					5 / 15
				



Archie McPhee




NEXT
6. Lollipops


					6 / 15
				



Das Foods




NEXT
7. Massage Oil


					7 / 15
				



Baconlube




NEXT
8. Vodka


					8 / 15
				



Bakon Vodka




NEXT
9. Sunscreen


					9 / 15
				



J&D's




NEXT
10. Chocolate


					10 / 15
				



Vosges Chocolate




NEXT
11. Lip balm


					11 / 15
				



Archie McPhee




NEXT
12. Beer


					12 / 15
				



Rogue




NEXT
13. Coffee


					13 / 15
				



Bewdly




NEXT
14. Pillowcases


					14 / 15
				



J&D's




NEXT ARTICLE
15. Envelopes


					15 / 15
				



Uncommon Goods





---Shares















Kate Taylor

Reporter



Bacon is everywhere -- sweets, beverages and even toiletries. But even if you're the biggest bacon fan around, we bet you don't know just how deep the obsession goes for some people.
Recently, Oregon State University researchers patented a new strain of seaweed that, when cooked, tastes like bacon. Yes, bacon-flavored seaweed. While the algae might be the healthiest bacon-tasting treat you can eat, it comes after years of porky innovation that have produced dozens of incredible products that taste and smell like bacon.
Here are 15 of the world's most bizarre and wonderful bacon-flavored products. 
Related: 8 Trends That Food Franchises Are Watching Right Now




Chris Langdon and fellow researchers at Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center have spent the last 15 years growing a strain of red marine algae, called dulse, which tastes like bacon when cooked. There are no commercial operations that grow dulse to sell as a food in the U.S. However, Langdon may be in the position to lead the way, producing seaweed that has twice the nutritional value of kale. 




Quirky fragrance company Fargginay describes "Bacon Classic" as a sophisticated fragrance designed for men and women. For those who want a more delicate scent, the company also sells "Bacon Gold," a citrusy aroma with a hint of bacon. 




Rocket Fizz is a soda pop and candy shop known for crafting flavors to fit customers' most bizarre cravings. In addition to bacon soda, the company's also sells sodas in flavors such as buffalo wings, ranch dressing and sweet corn. There’s nothing like a savory soda to quench your thirst.




These jellybeans are all about the bacon, too. "A meaty treat that contains no meat," reads gift shop Archie McPhee's description of the product. "Not quite as tasty as real bacon, but better for your arteries." 




If Archie McPhee's bacon jellybeans don't fulfill your bacon cravings, maybe the store's bacon toothpaste is more your speed. The company promises the 2.5 oz. tube of toothpaste is easier to use for brushing than real bacon -- and more likely to be endorsed by the American Dental Association. 




Chicago-based gourmet salt and sweets company Das Foods sells bacon-flavored lollipops. The product's tongue-in-cheek name: Man Bait. Sounds promising.




Baconlube began as an April Fool's joke, but became an actual, $11.99 meat-flavored massage oil when thousands of bacon lovers aggressively requested that the bacon-focused J&D's Foods make the prank a reality. In addition to this bacon-flavored massage oil and personal lubricant, J&D also sells bacon condoms. 
Who knew bacon could be so much fun?
Related: The Secret Menu Items at Your Favorite Restaurant Chains




The creators of Bakon Vodka claim to have started testing various savory infusions in 2007, searching for the "one true 'Bakon Vodka.'" Today, they believe to have done just that, crafting a vodka recommended to be used in Bloody Marries, chocolate martinis and even "Pizza Shots." 




J&D's has a new way to protect your skin while you fry like bacon in the sun. The sunscreen is SPC 30, and will make you smell like bacon as you tan without becoming burnt to a crisp. 




Compared to other bacon-flavored offerings, chocolate is relatively tame. However, if you have a craving for the specific mix of sweet and salty, Vosges has a wide selection of options including bacon chocolate chip pancake mix, bacon caramel toffees and a milk chocolate pig filled with bacon.
Do the math. Bacon + chocolate = heaven. 




Bacon flavor on your lips, without having to consume even a single calorie. Archie McPhee recommends the lip balm to vegetarians who miss the lip smacking taste of true bacon. 




Apparently, the brewing industry believes that bacon and beer is the grown up bacon and eggs. Bacon flavored brews include Rogue's Voodoo Doughnut Bacon Maple Ale and Funky Buddha Brewery's Maple Bacon Coffee Porter. 




If you wake up craving bacon every morning, it might be time to switch out bacon and eggs with bacon-flavored coffee. The combination is becoming increasingly mainstream, with options like Bewdly's Maple Bacon Deluxe Smoke Coffee and Boca Java's Maple Bacon Morning Coffee. 




Drift off to a night of "sweet bacony dreams" with a pillow embedded with the scent of bacon. J&D's claims the scent should last six to 12 months -- just don't try to eat it in your sleep. 




The ideal present for bacon lovers who send lots of snail mail, Uncommon Goods sells sets of 25 lick-to-seal bacon-flavored envelopes. Question is, do they make your mail smell like bacon, too?
Related: Chipotle Just Put an Official Price on Its Most Famous Secret Menu Item






Previous Slide


Start Slideshow
Next Slide










Take It From The Pros
12 Realistic Ways to Make Your First $1 Million
GOBankingRates

 






Franchise 500
5 Affordable Franchises You Can Start for Less Than $10,000
Matthew McCreary

 








Franchises
Our Top 10 Franchises You Can Buy
Matthew McCreary

 






Side Businesses
What You'll Really Earn on Uber, Airbnb and TaskRabbit Every Month
Rose Leadem

 













All Great Entrepreneurs Share This Personality Trait. Do You Have It?






Betting Big and Crafting a Winning Elevator Pitch







Get Out of Debt With These 6 Simple Steps







What to Pack When You Go on Vacation
















						More Videos
					









 











Skip Advertisement
			This ad will close in 15 seconds...
		






OK
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
















Stay Informed. Be Inspired.
Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. 
Enter your email





Invalid Email













Bacon Products




















 






 

About Us
Brands
Contact Us




Eagles-7®
Hummer's Galore®
My Buddy®




 



Eagles-7
Bacon Products Corporation started manufacturing products under the Eagles-7® brand name in the late 50's. We have spent many hours on research and development in order to bring you the safest and most effective products. Many of these products were over-the-counter medicines such as: Corn Callus Salve, Ring Worm Salve, Black Salve, Poison Ivy Lotion, #9 Ointment, and many other products that could be sold to Mom and Pop grocery stores where most people shopped during this era.
 
Over time Eagles-7® brand has changed with government regulations forcing manufacturers to discontinue use of many of the ingredients and formulas that were popular with our early products. These regulatory changes have helped keep us on the cutting edge and our company has continued to improve our product mix which has evolved into our current line of quality products. As you review the Eagles-7 product line, you can rest assured that you are getting the best available ingredients formulated to provide proven results for your investment. 



Eagles-7
Septic Clean

Go Green with Septic Clean® . . . the organic septic tank treatment. Helps prevent expensive repairs to your septic system. A synergistic blend of scienti-fically developed SUPER bacteria and enzymes for rapid waste degrading. Will digest difficult and non-biodegradable compounds such as detergent, paper, oil, grease, hydrocarbons and phenols. For odor control, non-toxic and non-hazardous. Available in 24 oz. (three-month) supply.
Fresh Drain

Use Fresh Drain for offensive drain and garbage disposal odors and to help maintain free flowing drains. Fresh Drain will help rid your kitchen of fruit flies by dissolving the built up food in your disposals and pipes, thus eliminating the source of the problem rather than just masking it. Earth friendly and non-caustic, Fresh Drain contains an efficient bacteria that is safe for all pipes, sewer and septic systems. Fresh Drain is economical to use on a regular basis to keep your lines free flowing and fresh smelling. Available in 24 oz. supply.






Mouse Bait




Wasp & Hornet Destroyer




Platinum Flying Insect Spray





Spray-Kill with Nylar®




Insect Repellent




Platinum Plus Fogger 






Total Release Fogger




Fire Ant Destroyer




Ant, Roach and Spider Spray 






Last Step Mouse Trap




Last Step Rat Trap





Best Mouse Trap




Best Rat Trap





Last Step Glue Trap





Mighty Glue Trap





Fly Swat




Fly Ribbons




Jersey Gloves

















site map | privacy policy | terms of use | contact us

    © 2006-2017 Bacon Products Corporation








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Shop 












 






















Sign in to Jack Links
Create a Jack Links account
Forgot my password
Password reset link sent to 





						[[formError]]
						
Forgot password?
Sign Up?



log in with facebook




 OR 






Secure Sign In ►




I don't have an account yet, Sign Up ►
Forgot password ►






Signup with Facebook




 OR 







Subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. We will not share your personal information.

Sign up



 I already have an account ►
Forgot password ►



Welcome!




						[[formError]]
						
log in with Facebook




Email Password Reset Link



 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►



Didn't receive an email?
You might have signed up with another email account.


Sign Up For An Account ►
Log In ►







Logged out




Thanks for visiting. See you again soon!






Change your password


Your password change is saved



Current Password

New Password

Save Changes







You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 

















Login / Register


 Wholesaler / 
 [[currentUser.purchasingChannel.name | lowercase]] / 
 wholesale (pending) / 
 ▼

Login / Register



in credit


Orders
Settings
Logout





						[[initCartDropDownDelay()]]
						
0
ITEMS













You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 







You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 

























Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 






Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 
















Home

Shop



									Shop All
								



									Apparel
		
								



									Jerky
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Pork


Small Batch


Turkey





									Bites
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Minis


Turkey





									Steaks & Strips
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Turkey





									Meat Sticks
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Combos


Squatch


Turkey





									Sausages
		
								




Workin' Out With Sasquatch

Our Story

Our Cause





								Account
								










Login / Register




Orders




Settings




Logout





 

Shop




								Shop
								











Shop All




Apparel







Shop All








													Jerky
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Pork




Small Batch




Turkey








													Bites
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Minis




Turkey








													Steaks & Strips
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Turkey








													Meat Sticks
													










Shop All




Beef




Combos




Squatch




Turkey







Sausages







Shop All













Login / Register


 Wholesaler / 
 [[currentUser.purchasingChannel.name | lowercase]] / 
 wholesale (pending) / 
 ▼

Login / Register



in credit


Orders
Settings
Logout












						[[initCartDropDownDelay()]]
						
0
ITEMS












Checkout




[[getNewItem().name]]
			Added to cart
		




























Filter and Sort

















				No products found.
			
				Please change your search or select different filters!
			
See all products 























Sign in to Jack Links
Create a Jack Links account
forgot my password
Expired/Invalid password recovery code
Password reset link sent to 




[[formError]]

					If you have a subscription, it is possible you placed it as a guest.
					Please click here to sign up for
					an account to edit your subscription.
				

Forgot password?
Sign Up?




log in with Facebook



 OR 





Secure Sign in



I don't have an account yet, Sign Up ►
Forgot password ►





Signup with Facebook


 OR 






Subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. We will not share your personal information.

Sign up


 I already have an account ►
Forgot password ►



Welcome!

An account confirmation email has been sent to 
Please click the link in your confirmation email to track or modify your orders. To resend the confirmation email, click here.


You are logged in as


Continue
Log out





[[formError]]

					If you have a subscription, it is possible you placed it as a guest.
					Please click here to sign up for
					an account to edit your subscription.
				

log in with Facebook




Email Password Reset Link


 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►




				Sorry, for security reasons your password reset link has expired.
				

					Resend password reset link to
					[[loginInput.email]]
				


 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►



Didn't receive an email?
You might have signed up with another email account.


Sign Up For An Account ►
Log In ►











Thanks for visiting. See you again soon!






Change your password


Your password change is saved


Current Password

New Password

Save Changes























A.M. Breakfast Bacon, Brown Sugar & Maple - Jack Link's 
















 






















Sign in to Jack Links
Create a Jack Links account
Forgot my password
Password reset link sent to 





						[[formError]]
						
Forgot password?
Sign Up?



log in with facebook




 OR 






Secure Sign In ►




I don't have an account yet, Sign Up ►
Forgot password ►






Signup with Facebook




 OR 







Subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. We will not share your personal information.

Sign up



 I already have an account ►
Forgot password ►



Welcome!




						[[formError]]
						
log in with Facebook




Email Password Reset Link



 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►



Didn't receive an email?
You might have signed up with another email account.


Sign Up For An Account ►
Log In ►







Logged out




Thanks for visiting. See you again soon!






Change your password


Your password change is saved



Current Password

New Password

Save Changes







You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 

















Login / Register


 Wholesaler / 
 [[currentUser.purchasingChannel.name | lowercase]] / 
 wholesale (pending) / 
 ▼

Login / Register



in credit


Orders
Settings
Logout





						[[initCartDropDownDelay()]]
						
0
ITEMS













You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 







You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 

























Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 






Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 
















Home

Shop



									Shop All
								



									Apparel
		
								



									Jerky
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Pork


Small Batch


Turkey





									Bites
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Minis


Turkey





									Steaks & Strips
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Turkey





									Meat Sticks
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Combos


Squatch


Turkey





									Sausages
		
								




Workin' Out With Sasquatch
 
Our Story
 
Our Cause





								Account
								










Login / Register




Orders




Settings




Logout





 

Shop




								Shop
								











Shop All




Apparel







Shop All








													Jerky
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Pork




Small Batch




Turkey








													Bites
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Minis




Turkey








													Steaks & Strips
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Turkey








													Meat Sticks
													










Shop All




Beef




Combos




Squatch




Turkey







Sausages







Shop All













Login / Register


 Wholesaler / 
 [[currentUser.purchasingChannel.name | lowercase]] / 
 wholesale (pending) / 
 ▼

Login / Register



in credit


Orders
Settings
Logout












						[[initCartDropDownDelay()]]
						
0
ITEMS












Checkout




[[getNewItem().name]]
			Added to cart
		










A.M. Breakfast Bacon, Brown Sugar & Maple


$5.99


$5.99



$5.39









[[pc.memberPriceEntry.key.name]] Price
[[pc.memberPriceEntry.value/100 | currency]]
















 







 



‹
›









 






A.M. Breakfast Bacon, Brown Sugar & Maple


$5.99


$5.99



$5.39









[[pc.memberPriceEntry.key.name]] Price
[[pc.memberPriceEntry.value/100 | currency]]












 
Frequency






			[[key]]
			



















[[key]]





This choice does not exist
Ships on [[ waitlistDate(pc) | date: 'M/dd/yy']]







Quantity


 



out of stock


 Add to cart

 

 




Imagine
waking up to the smell of a homemade breakfast that smells like maple and awesomeness.
Now imagine that breakfast was bacon. Yeah. That’s this bacon.









Ingredients





								BEEF, BROWN SUGAR, SOY SAUCE (WATER, SOYBEANS, SALT, SUGAR), SALT, DATES, CONTAINS 2% OR LESS OF FLAVORS, WATER, BEEF STOCK, VINEGAR, BROMELAIN (FROM PINEAPPLES).
						










Sign in to Jack Links
Create a Jack Links account
forgot my password
Expired/Invalid password recovery code
Password reset link sent to 




[[formError]]

					If you have a subscription, it is possible you placed it as a guest.
					Please click here to sign up for
					an account to edit your subscription.
				

Forgot password?
Sign Up?




log in with Facebook



 OR 





Secure Sign in



I don't have an account yet, Sign Up ►
Forgot password ►





Signup with Facebook


 OR 






Subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. We will not share your personal information.

Sign up


 I already have an account ►
Forgot password ►



Welcome!

An account confirmation email has been sent to 
Please click the link in your confirmation email to track or modify your orders. To resend the confirmation email, click here.


You are logged in as


Continue
Log out





[[formError]]

					If you have a subscription, it is possible you placed it as a guest.
					Please click here to sign up for
					an account to edit your subscription.
				

log in with Facebook




Email Password Reset Link


 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►




				Sorry, for security reasons your password reset link has expired.
				

					Resend password reset link to
					[[loginInput.email]]
				


 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►



Didn't receive an email?
You might have signed up with another email account.


Sign Up For An Account ►
Log In ►











Thanks for visiting. See you again soon!






Change your password


Your password change is saved


Current Password

New Password

Save Changes
























A.M. Breakfast Bacon, Applewood Smoked - Jack Link's 
















 






















Sign in to Jack Links
Create a Jack Links account
Forgot my password
Password reset link sent to 





						[[formError]]
						
Forgot password?
Sign Up?



log in with facebook




 OR 






Secure Sign In ►




I don't have an account yet, Sign Up ►
Forgot password ►






Signup with Facebook




 OR 







Subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. We will not share your personal information.

Sign up



 I already have an account ►
Forgot password ►



Welcome!




						[[formError]]
						
log in with Facebook




Email Password Reset Link



 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►



Didn't receive an email?
You might have signed up with another email account.


Sign Up For An Account ►
Log In ►







Logged out




Thanks for visiting. See you again soon!






Change your password


Your password change is saved



Current Password

New Password

Save Changes







You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 

















Login / Register


 Wholesaler / 
 [[currentUser.purchasingChannel.name | lowercase]] / 
 wholesale (pending) / 
 ▼

Login / Register



in credit


Orders
Settings
Logout





						[[initCartDropDownDelay()]]
						
0
ITEMS













You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 







You are logged in as 
Log out

 
Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 

























Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 






Verify account to track orders. Resend emailResend verification email
 
















Home

Shop



									Shop All
								



									Apparel
		
								



									Jerky
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Pork


Small Batch


Turkey





									Bites
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Minis


Turkey





									Steaks & Strips
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Chicken


Turkey





									Meat Sticks
		
										






												Shop All
											


Beef


Combos


Squatch


Turkey





									Sausages
		
								




Workin' Out With Sasquatch

Our Story

Our Cause





								Account
								










Login / Register




Orders




Settings




Logout





 

Shop




								Shop
								











Shop All




Apparel







Shop All








													Jerky
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Pork




Small Batch




Turkey








													Bites
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Minis




Turkey








													Steaks & Strips
													










Shop All




Beef




Chicken




Turkey








													Meat Sticks
													










Shop All




Beef




Combos




Squatch




Turkey







Sausages







Shop All













Login / Register


 Wholesaler / 
 [[currentUser.purchasingChannel.name | lowercase]] / 
 wholesale (pending) / 
 ▼

Login / Register



in credit


Orders
Settings
Logout












						[[initCartDropDownDelay()]]
						
0
ITEMS












Checkout




[[getNewItem().name]]
			Added to cart
		










A.M. Breakfast Bacon, Applewood Smoked


$5.99


$5.99



$5.39









[[pc.memberPriceEntry.key.name]] Price
[[pc.memberPriceEntry.value/100 | currency]]
















 







 



‹
›









 






A.M. Breakfast Bacon, Applewood Smoked


$5.99


$5.99



$5.39









[[pc.memberPriceEntry.key.name]] Price
[[pc.memberPriceEntry.value/100 | currency]]












 
Frequency






			[[key]]
			



















[[key]]





This choice does not exist
Ships on [[ waitlistDate(pc) | date: 'M/dd/yy']]







Quantity


 



out of stock


 Add to cart

 

 




Our
gift to mankind: Bacon. Tender, smoky, savory bacon – in a bag. It’s the
breakfast food you can eat all day long, but especially during breakfast.



















Sign in to Jack Links
Create a Jack Links account
forgot my password
Expired/Invalid password recovery code
Password reset link sent to 




[[formError]]

					If you have a subscription, it is possible you placed it as a guest.
					Please click here to sign up for
					an account to edit your subscription.
				

Forgot password?
Sign Up?




log in with Facebook



 OR 





Secure Sign in



I don't have an account yet, Sign Up ►
Forgot password ►





Signup with Facebook


 OR 






Subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. We will not share your personal information.

Sign up


 I already have an account ►
Forgot password ►



Welcome!

An account confirmation email has been sent to 
Please click the link in your confirmation email to track or modify your orders. To resend the confirmation email, click here.


You are logged in as


Continue
Log out





[[formError]]

					If you have a subscription, it is possible you placed it as a guest.
					Please click here to sign up for
					an account to edit your subscription.
				

log in with Facebook




Email Password Reset Link


 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►




				Sorry, for security reasons your password reset link has expired.
				

					Resend password reset link to
					[[loginInput.email]]
				


 Sign up for an account ►
log in ►



Didn't receive an email?
You might have signed up with another email account.


Sign Up For An Account ►
Log In ►











Thanks for visiting. See you again soon!






Change your password


Your password change is saved


Current Password

New Password

Save Changes









































	Ashley Furniture HomeStore | Home Furniture and Decor



























 Sign In
Create Account
Store Locator
My Orders





United States





 Brunei


 Cayman Island


 Mexico


 Panama


 Philippines


 South Africa


 United States


 USVI



Help
            SITEWIDE SAVINGS EVENT
 APPLY FOR FINANCING





Menu













Search









Search



Find a Store



My Account








Sign In
Create Account
Store Locator
My Orders
























×








You have successfully subscribed - Test You!






Success
You are now subscribed to Ashley Furniture




Close




×









  UP TO 20% OFF* 1000's OF ITEMS »
  RUGS & LIGHTING + FREE SHIPPING »
  UP TO 40% OFF* HOT BUYS »























 
 





 
 








 
 





 
 











 
 
 







 
 
 
















 













 











 
 
 
 
 







 
 
 
 
 











 
 





 








 
 





 











 
 
 
 
 







 
 
 
 

















































 
 
 







 
 
 
































































Sign up now for the latest offers, sales and tips.

Email

Sign Up








Financing






The Ashley Advantage™ Credit Card
offers style & value with 
convenient payments.
                        Learn More






















































Company
 About Us
                            

 Store Locations
                            

 Careers
                            

 News
                            

 Contact Us
                            







Customer Support
 Customer Care
                            

 Order Tracking
                            

 Shopping
                            

 Returns
                            

 Shipping & Delivery
                            

 FAQ
                            

 Care & Cleaning
                            

 Warranty Information
                            

 Glossary
                            







Get Inspired
 Blog
                            

 Tips & Inspiration
                            

 Room Planner
                            

 Hope To Dream
                            

 Home To Hope
                            









My Account
 Order Status
                            

 Sign In
                            

 Forgot Password
                            

 Pay My Ashley Advantage Card
                            

















©Ashley HomeStores, Ltd., 2017. All Rights Reserved.
4.0.7.5


 Offers & Details*
                                
|

 Terms & Conditions
                                
|

 Terms of Use
                                
|

 Privacy Policy
                                






 Français

















﻿


      Ashley in-home delivery
      


We'll contact you to schedule delivery
Assembly is always included
We will place furniture in the rooms of your choice






×




free standard shipping
      


Delivered to your door
Assembly may be required
Excludes Alaska & Hawaii


×































	Mattresses & Bedding | Ashley Furniture HomeStore



























 Sign In
Create Account
Store Locator
My Orders





United States





 Brunei


 Cayman Island


 Mexico


 Panama


 Philippines


 South Africa


 United States


 USVI



Help
            SITEWIDE SAVINGS EVENT
 APPLY FOR FINANCING





Menu













Search









Search



Find a Store



My Account








Sign In
Create Account
Store Locator
My Orders
























×








You have successfully subscribed - Test You!






Success
You are now subscribed to Ashley Furniture




Close




×









  UP TO 20% OFF* 1000's OF ITEMS »
  RUGS & LIGHTING + FREE SHIPPING »
  UP TO 40% OFF* HOT BUYS »








                        Home
                    


                    Mattresses & Bedding
                    
                







Mattresses & Bedding 












Tweet
































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















Ashley-Sleep Mattresses »












The Perfect 10 Mattresses »












Stearns & Foster Mattresses »
















Sealy Mattresses »












Beautyrest Mattresses »












Tempur-Pedic Mattresses »
















Foundations & Box Springs »












Bed Pillows »












Headboards »
















Kids Bedding »












Blankets & Throws »












Throw Pillows »










#MyAshleyHome
We LOVE to see your style! Hashtag #MyAshleyHome on Instagram. Full gallery here.

















Sign up now for the latest offers, sales and tips.

Email

Sign Up








Financing






The Ashley Advantage™ Credit Card
offers style & value with 
convenient payments.
                        Learn More






















































Company
 About Us
                            

 Store Locations
                            

 Careers
                            

 News
                            

 Contact Us
                            







Customer Support
 Customer Care
                            

 Order Tracking
                            

 Shopping
                            

 Returns
                            

 Shipping & Delivery
                            

 FAQ
                            

 Care & Cleaning
                            

 Warranty Information
                            

 Glossary
                            







Get Inspired
 Blog
                            

 Tips & Inspiration
                            

 Room Planner
                            

 Hope To Dream
                            

 Home To Hope
                            









My Account
 Order Status
                            

 Sign In
                            

 Forgot Password
                            

 Pay My Ashley Advantage Card
                            

















©Ashley HomeStores, Ltd., 2017. All Rights Reserved.
4.0.7.5


 Offers & Details*
                                
|

 Terms & Conditions
                                
|

 Terms of Use
                                
|

 Privacy Policy
                                






 Français

















﻿


      Ashley in-home delivery
      


We'll contact you to schedule delivery
Assembly is always included
We will place furniture in the rooms of your choice






×




free standard shipping
      


Delivered to your door
Assembly may be required
Excludes Alaska & Hawaii


×
















Furniture and Decor Deals Made for You | Ashley Furniture HomeStore























































Menu

























0











FurnitureBackLiving RoomBackSofas & CouchesLoveseatsSectional Sofas Sleeper SofasPower SeatingReclinersChairsOttomansCoffee TablesLift-Top Coffee TablesEnd & Side TablesAccent TablesSofa & Console TablesTV Stands & MediaStorageLiving Room SetsSofa & Loveseat SetsCREATE. your style. your way.BedroomBackBedsHeadboardsNightstandsDressersMirrored DressersChest of DrawersBedroom ChairsBenchesBeddingBed PillowsStorageBedroom SetsHome OfficeBackDesksOffice ChairsBookcasesStorageEntrywayKitchen & DiningBackDining Room TablesDining SetsDining Room ChairsBar StoolsBenchesDining Room StorageCollectionsBackPorterZenfieldMarsilonaMore...Tips & InspirationRoom PackagesBackLiving Room SetsBedroom SetsDining SetsSofa & Loveseat SetsHomeStore SpecialsBackLiving RoomBedroomDining RoomHome OfficeKids FurnitureEntertainmentSmall SpacesSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP ALL FURNITUREOutdoorBackPatio FurnitureBackSeatingTablesHammocksLounge ChairsOutdoor DiningBackDining ChairsDining TablesPOLYWOODPatio AccessoriesBackPatio UmbrellasHeatersFire Pits & TablesPillows & CushionsHammock StandsOutdoor SetsBackDining SetsChat SetsPatio SetsSofa SetsUP TO 30% OFF* OUTDOORSHOP ALL OUTDOORKidsBackKids FurnitureBackBedsNightstandsBunk BedsDressersChest of DrawersStorageBoys FurnitureGirls FurnitureKids BeddingBackBeddingComfortersQuiltsThrow PillowsLightingRugsWall DecorSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP ALL KIDSHome DecorBackHome AccentsBackCandles & Candle HoldersCanisters & JarsVases & BottlesSculpturesBaskets & BoxesBowls & TraysPicture FramesStorage & OrganizationDining & EntertainingBackDinnerwareDrinkwareServewareBlankets & ThrowsThrow PillowsBackKids Throw PillowsWall DecorBackWall MirrorsWall ClocksWall ArtWall HangingsCanvas ArtFramed ArtKids Wall DecorPoufsTips & InspirationSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP ALL DECORRugsBackAll RugsArea RugsAccent RugsDoormatsKids RugsIndoor / OutdoorRug Pads & AccessoriesTips & InspirationSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP ALL RUGSLightingBackTable LampsFloor LampsChandeliersPendantsWall LightingKids LightingTips & InspirationSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP ALL LIGHTINGMattresses & BeddingBackMattressesBackThe Perfect 10 MattressFoundations & Box SpringsAshley-Sleep MattressesSealyStearns & FosterTempur-PedicTempur-Pedic CanadaSimmons BeautyrestPower BasesTips & InspirationBeddingBackComforter SetsQuilts & CoverletsDuvet CoversBlankets & ThrowsBed PillowsKids BeddingKids ComfortersKids QuiltsThrow PillowsAll BeddingSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP ALL MATTRESSES & BEDDINGSaleBackUP TO 75% OFF* CLOSEOUTS!Bar Stools Starting at $48Tips & InspirationSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP SALEMost PopularBackShop by StyleFarmhouse StylesShop Small SpacesShop Free ShippingShop New ArrivalsYour Favorites + Free ShippingTravel Inspired Must-HavesShop Your Ashley Style #MyAshleyHome4 Stars & Up! Shop Top RatedTips & InspirationSave up to 20%* on 1000s of itemsSHOP ALL MOST POPULARBlogBackBlog HomeFurnitureBackLiving RoomDiningBedroomKids RoomHome OfficeAccessoriesMake + LearnBackDIYHow ToHealth and WellnessFamily FunBackCraftsEventsEntertainingBackRecipesSeasonsPartiesOur FriendsSearch BlogGET INSPIRED Check out our blogREAD MORE












  UP TO 20% OFF* 1000's OF ITEMS »
  RUGS & LIGHTING + FREE SHIPPING »
  UP TO 40% OFF* HOT BUYS »













    Bonus Deals on Furniture and Decor 





DON'T MISS THE NEXT ONLINE BONUS DEALS!
Who doesn’t love finding exceptional prices on stylish items for the home? The key to delivering these fabulous finds to your address is shopping our online Bonus Deals. It’s a one-day only sale on the most-wanted items for the living room, bedroom, dining room, kids room and other living areas. More than furniture, you’ll also find terrific savings on accessories, rugs, lamps, comforters, decorative pillows and so much more. Check back daily for the next big Bonus Deals. And when you find it at AshleyFurnitureHomeStore.com, buy it that day — because every deal ends promptly at midnight. Until the next deal, satisfy your need for great prices and SHOP SALE.











To View Local PricingEnter your zip codeNarrow By:Clear all





Showing items 1-0 of 0Sort By:FeaturedNewest to OldestPrices: Low to HighPrices: High to LowAlphabetical: A-ZOn SaleFree Standard Shipping























bacon - Walmart.com

Skip to Main ContentmenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroShowing 1-20 of 4,822 resultsleft hand navigation Skip to Next SectionDepartmentsFoodBacon & SausagesSnacks, Cookies & ChipsBakingBeveragesBreakfast & CerealCandy & GumFood GiftsFrozen FoodsGluten-Free FoodsMeal Solutions, Grains & PastaOrganic FoodsSee all FoodHomeKitchen Tools & GadgetsAppliancesBathBeddingCollege Dorm LivingDecorFeatured ShopsFurnitureKids' RoomsPersonalized GiftsStorage & OrganizationSee all HomeHome ImprovementGifts & RegistryCell PhonesHousehold EssentialsParty & OccasionsBooksElectronicsSports & OutdoorsToysPatio & GardenPetsHealthOfficeSee all DepartmentsShipping & PickupShow all2-Day ShippingShip to HomeFree Pickup + DiscountFREE PickupFREE Pickup TodayCategoryBaconSausageBacon BitsCasesPrintsCanvas Wall ArtFrozen PizzasPorkCanned BeansSoupsBoxed Meals & Side DishesCanned VegetablesFrozen Meals & EntreesFrozen SandwichesDressingsChipsFrying Pans & SkilletsMugsDips & SpreadsGriddlesSee more categoriesTry our new free grocery pickup serviceNow you can get fresh food and your favorite frozen items with Walmart Grocery. Shop online, then select a convenient pickup time. Available in select markets.In-Store BaconBacon BitsTop-RatedRefinePrice$ to $GoTop brandsGreat ValueOscar MayerHormelSmithfieldWright BrandStore availabilitySearch your store by entering a zip code or your city or state.GoSortBest matchbest_matchbest_sellerprice_lowprice_highrating_highnewBest matchBest sellersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowHighest ratingNewSearch Product ResultProduct - Great Value Real Bacon Pieces, 9 OzProduct ImageProduct TitleGreat Value Real Bacon Pieces, 9 OzPrice$4.98Product TitleGreat Value Real Bacon Pieces, 9 OzAverage rating:4.0426out of5stars, based on47reviews(47)ratingsFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Product SpecGluten freeMega packReclosableFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Product - Hillshire Farm Beef Summer Sausage, 16 ozProduct ImageProduct TitleHillshire Farm Beef Summer Sausage, 16 ozPrice$4.9430.9¢/ozProduct TitleHillshire Farm Beef Summer Sausage, 16 ozBest Sellerin  Bacon & SausagesAverage rating:4.3523out of5stars, based on88reviews(88)ratingsFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Free store pickupFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Free store pickupProduct - Oscar Mayer Real Bacon Bits, 4.5 ozProduct ImageProduct TitleOscar Mayer Real Bacon Bits, 4.5 ozPrice$2.9866.2¢/ozProduct TitleOscar Mayer Real Bacon Bits, 4.5 ozAverage rating:4.5797out of5stars, based on69reviews(69)ratingsFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Free store pickupProduct SpecMade from America's favorite baconSprinkle on foods1 tablespoon approximately equal to a slice of cooked baconFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Free store pickupProduct - Oscar Mayer Bacon 16 oz. PackageProduct ImageProduct TitleOscar Mayer Bacon 16 oz. PackagePriceIn-store purchase onlyProduct TitleOscar Mayer Bacon 16 oz. PackageAverage rating:4.4724out of5stars, based on199reviews(199)ratingsProduct SpecAmerica's favorite baconDelicious flavor and aroma that everyone loves.   Already a ShippingPass member? Sign InFree returns online or in-storeNot completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.Never worry about minimum ordersOrder as often as you like all year long.Just $49 after your initial FREE trialThe more you use it, the more you save. Cancel your subscription any time.It's free shipping made easyIt's your key to free shipping. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free. Managing your ShippingPass is easy. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your ShippingPass subscription. Look for  Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo. Featured ShippingPass Products Household  Health Pets Clothing Home Electronics› More Info  OVERVIEW The following is an overview of the ShippingPass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for ShippingPass. What is ShippingPass and how will it make my life easier? You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! How much does ShippingPass cost?It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. Start your free trial now. ELIGIBLE ITEMSWhat products can I order using ShippingPass? We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty.  Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for ShippingPass.How do I know which products qualify for ShippingPass?Just look for  next to the item.Does buying a ShippingPass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits? YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible ShippingPass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. More details on what is eligible with ShippingPass:Shipping SpeedItems & AddressesFREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo  Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout.  Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addressesItems with freight chargesItems fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellersPersonalized itemseGift CardsAny item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkoutInternational destinationsSHIPPING & RETURNSWhat does 2-day shipping really mean? Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day.Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. PST cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayOrder before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredPlace your order AFTER 11 a.m. PST Cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayOrder placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent outYour order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredIs there a cutoff time I should be aware of?Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping.Do you deliver on weekends?We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in  My Account . How do I track a shipment?Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order.Is return shipping free?Yes, it's free. Learn more. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with ShippingPass?  Yes, ShippingPass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for  next to the item.PAYMENTDo you offer a trial subscription? Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. Which payment methods can I use? The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIPWill my subscription automatically renew?Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption.How do I turn off auto-renewal? Auto-renewal can be managed in  My Account. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?You are eligible for a full refund if no ShippingPass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a ShippingPass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term.I'm eligible for a refund. How do I cancel my subscription?  Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONSDo I need an invitation to join ShippingPass?ShippingPass is open to everyone, no invitation required.Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my ShippingPass subscription for family and friends?No, currently you cannot share your ShippingPass account.Why did my order come in multiple boxes?We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box.Why is my favorite product not ShippingPass-eligible anymore?The ShippingPass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.ShippingPassWant to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With ShippingPass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a ShippingPass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.When you purchase ShippingPass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, ShippingPass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.To see if ShippingPass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with ShippingPass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for ShippingPass so you can shop more, save money and live better.Electrode, Comp-205563871, DC-prod-dal1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-4.10.0, SHA-335bc5636ba3022fedaefd3cd18df818927a3e0c, CID-Report issueReport your issueOnly associates can see thisYour nameEmailSlack (if applicable)Describe your issueScreenshotSubmit

















Store Finder - Walmart.com























Skip To Primary Content
Skip To Department Navigation

















 Menu




 Toggle Search






Walmart. Save Money. Live Better.


Walmart. Save Money. Live Better.








              All
            




                          All Departments
                        



                          Auto & Tires
                        



                          Baby
                        



                          Beauty
                        



                          Books
                        



                          Cell Phones
                        



                          Clothing
                        



                          Electronics
                        



                          Food
                        





                          Gifts & Registry
                        



                          Health
                        



                          Home
                        



                          Home Improvement
                        



                          Household Essentials
                        



                          Jewelry
                        



                          Movies
                        



                          Music
                        



                          Office
                        





                          Party & Occasions
                        



                          Patio & Garden
                        



                          Pets
                        



                          Pharmacy
                        



                          Photo Center
                        



                          Sports & Outdoors
                        



                          Toys
                        



                          Video Games
                        












Clear search field




Search











      Hello, 


      Hello. Sign In




My Account





              Track My Order
              
            



              My Account
              
            



              Reorder Items
              
            



              Savings Catcher
              
                Compare prices and save




              Pharmacy Account
              
                Manage your prescriptions




              VUDU Library
              
                Unlimited access to thousands of movies and TV shows




              Not You? Sign Out
              
            




Sign In
              
                View my account



Create an Account
              
                Get more out of Walmart.com










Store finder








Items in cart
















              FREE Walmart Grocery pickup
            



              Introducing Pickup Discount
            



              Reorder your favorites
            



              Be a school year hero
            


Previous
Next






















Compute- app-11030446-3-170120648, DC- prod-dfw3, ENV- prod-a, Ver- 59.0.2, SHA- 0974cc46e33c4d50bf5fbb847c7d036da1b1e9bd, Log- 14613bfd-461af-15d7eeb078d000














Food - Walmart.comSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroFoodAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroSkip To Next SectionShop by CategoryMeal Solutions, Grains & Pastause right arrow to open the sub menuBoxed MealsCanned Goods & SoupsCondiments, Sauces & SpicesDried BeansEmergency FoodGrains & RicePasta & NoodlesSaucesSnacks, Cookies & Chipsuse right arrow to open the sub menuChipsCookiesCrackersDips & SpreadsDried Fruit & Dried VegetablesFruit Cups & Fruit SaucesFruit SnacksGranola Bars & Snack BarsJerkyNuts & Trail MixesPopcornPretzelsPudding & GelatinRice CakesSnack CakesSnack MixesBeveragesuse right arrow to open the sub menuBeer, Wine & SpiritsCoffeeDrink EnhancersHot CocoaJuiceMilk & CreamPowdered Drinks & MixesSeltzers, Tonics & Soda WaterSoft DrinksSports & Energy DrinksTeaWaterCoffeeuse right arrow to open the sub menuCreamers & SyrupsFilters & SuppliesGround CoffeeInstant CoffeeReady to Drink CoffeeSingle-Serve Cups & PodsWhole Bean CoffeeCandy & Gumuse right arrow to open the sub menuCandy GiftsChocolateGumGummy & ChewyHard Candy & LollipopsMintsVariety & Multi PacksBakinguse right arrow to open the sub menuCanned & Powdered MilkChips & BarsCoatings & BattersExtracts & ColoringsFlours & MealsFrosting, Toppings & DecorationsMixesNuts, Coconut & FruitOil & ShorteningPie FillingsPowder & SodaSalt, Spices & SeasoningSugar & SweetenersSyrupsYeastBreakfast & Cerealuse right arrow to open the sub menuBreakfast BarsCold CerealFrozen Breakfast FoodGranola & MuesliGritsOatmeal & Hot CerealPancake & Waffle MixSyrups & SweetenersToaster PastriesFresh Fooduse right arrow to open the sub menuBakery & BreadDairy, Eggs & CheeseDeliMeat, Seafood & PoultryProduceOrganic Foodsuse right arrow to open the sub menuAll Organic FoodsGluten-Free Foodsuse right arrow to open the sub menuAll Gluten-Free FoodsGiftsEmergency FoodSee more categoriesSavings ShowcaseRollbackClearanceSpecial BuyCouponsFood ShopsGluten-Free FoodsOrganic FoodsEmergency FoodPopular in FoodCheese SlicesTomatoesFrozen DinnersPasta SaucesJellyExtra Virgin Olive OilCampbell's Chunky SoupsCookies & BrowniesGo to previous slide, 0 of 3Go to next slide, 2 of 3Carousel Page 1 of 3 activeCarousel Page 2 of 3 falseCarousel Page 3 of 3 falsepause slide animationFeatured ProductsSkip to end of links$3.00Nabisco Honey Maid Grahams Chocolate, 14.4 OZAverage rating:4.6out of5stars, based onreviews55ratings2-Day Shipping$3.00Nabisco Honey Maid Cinnamon Grahams Low Fat, 14.4 OZAverage rating:4.3793out of5stars, based onreviews29ratings2-Day Shipping$2.98Nabisco Oreo Double Stuf Chocolate Sandwich Cookies, 15.35 ozAverage rating:4.6176out of5stars, based onreviews204ratings2-Day Shipping$1.84was$1.98save$0.14TWIZZLERS Rainbow Twists, 12.4 ozAverage rating:3.6667out of5stars, based onreviews42ratings2-Day Shipping$9.44Glucerna Shake, To Help Manage Blood Sugar, Creamy Strawberry, 8 fl oz (Pack of 6)Average rating:4.6538out of5stars, based onreviews52ratings2-Day Shipping$9.94MARS Chocolate Favorites Minis Size Candy Bars Assorted Variety Mix Bag (TWIX, MILKY WAY, SNICKERS, 3 MUSKETEERS Brands), 2.5 lbAverage rating:4.2381out of5stars, based onreviews63ratings2-Day Shipping$5.82Heinz Ketchup Tomato114 ozAverage rating:4.75out of5stars, based onreviews48ratings2-Day Shipping$4.48was$5.98save$1.50Nabisco Ritz Bits Cheese Munch Packs, 12 ozAverage rating:4.7857out of5stars, based onreviews14ratings2-Day ShippingGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaN





Shop by Category Breakfast CoffeeCondimentsBakingEmergency FoodBoxed MealsCanned GoodsPastaSnacksBeveragesCandy & GumBaby FoodGluten-freeFood GiftsFresh FlowersClearance 
Show moreFood You want to feed your family healthy food, but making the best choices can be difficult, especially if you're on a budget or short on time   or if you or any members of your family have special dietary needs. Fortunately, Walmart makes it easy to plan meals and stock up on delicious and nutritious food that is also affordable. Barbecue essentials Anytime is a great time to fire up the barbecue. Grab some hot dogs, hamburgers, steaks, chops, corn on the cob and whatever else you like to grill and get ready for a fun food fest. Of course, barbecue essentials don't necessarily need to be cooked on a grill. Don't forget the: Chips and snacks, like pistachios and mixed nuts, almonds and snack crackers Dips and spreads, including salsa, guacamole and black bean dip Side dishes of rice, mac and cheese and pasta salad beans and chili Condiments, like ketchup, mustard, mayo and more You'll also find Walmart's lowest prices on picnic items like paper plates, napkins, plastic cups, plasticware and more, should you want to take your meal to the great outdoors. Beverages From water and juice to coffee, beer and wine, you'll find a wide variety of delicious and refreshing beverages at Walmart, all at Every Day Low Prices. Explore the varied selection of juices, where you'll find common favorites like apple, orange and cranberry juice as well as mixed fruit and vegetable juices and much more. Browse the soft drinks: colas, root beer, cream soda, fruit sodas and more in both standard and sugar-free varieties, including options from popular brands such as Coca Cola, Pepsi and A&W. If you've been exercising, try sports drinks, like Gatorade, to keep yourself hydrated and maybe a caffeinated energy drink to keep yourself going throughout the day. There is also a large selection of hot beverages, including coffee, tea and hot cocoa, plus adult beverages, including beer, wine and spirits. To turn an ordinary glass of water into a more appealing beverage, consider powdered drink mixes and drink enhancers, which come in a wide range of flavors and include diet and fortified options featuring vitamins and electrolytes. Healthy options Are you confused by all the nutritional information that's available? Walmart's Great For You products feature a simple icon that lets you know you're choosing a healthy item. That includes lots of the foods nutritionists say people should get more of, including fruits and vegetables, nuts and seeds and lean meats. It's also easy to find foods that meet special requirements. Simply filter your grocery searches by dietary need and you'll find products that are: Gluten free Sugar free Sodium free Fat free Nut free Dairy free There are also natural, organic, vegetarian, kosher and halal options. Walmart makes it easier to find the foods you want while simultaneously meeting your dietary requirements. No matter what type of special diet you are looking for, there are options that will help you make the right food choices day in and day out. Organic foods If you prefer to feed your family with natural or organic foods, enjoy Walmart's inventory of organic delights, which are made without artificial ingredients; they're grown without synthetic pesticides or chemical fertilizers. A food is labeled as organic by the way farmers grow and process their agricultural products, like different meats, fruits, vegetables, grains and dairy products. Organic farming practices are created to promote soil and water conservation and also to reduce pollution. The farmers who grow organic produce don't use what would be considered conventional methods to fertilize and control weeds. For example, organic farming practices would include the use of natural fertilizers to feed the soil and plants, while using crop rotation or mulch to manage the weeds. So what makes a product organic for certain? The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) established a certification program that requires all organic-labeled foods to meet strict government standards first. These standards regulate how such foods are grown, handled and processed. Thus, any product labeled as organic must be USDA certified. You could look through a variety of foods and check for the organic label on each one, but it s a much easier shopping process when everything can be found together, in one convenient location. Whatever your dietary goals or requirements are, you can easily find foods that meet your needs at Walmart. Just filter your search by dietary need and you'll find a large selection of delicious foods. Save Money. Live Better.Show moreElectrode, Comp-115863239, DC-prod-dal1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.16.0, SHA-a61be39c429b9ad89de35da485c799e426355f1c, CID-


Meat, Seafood & Poultry - Walmart.comSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroFoodAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroSkip To Next SectionShop by CategoryBeefHot DogsBacon & SausagesPoultryFishPorkMeat AlternativesPopular in Meat, Seafood & PoultryHamburger MeatSmoked SausagesBreakfast Sausage LinksBeef Hot DogsCrawfishFully Cooked BaconCanadian BaconPork Sausage


Meat, Seafood and PoultryWhen you want meat, poultry or seafood to feed your family, you can count on Walmart for a great selection of high-quality products at affordable prices.Explore our selection of beef, including hamburgers, sausages, ground beef, beef franks and deli-sliced beef. Check out our poultry for a wide variety of chicken and turkey products. Browse our pork selection for ham, bacon, sausages and more. And check out our fish and seafood for a variety of refrigerated, canned and frozen products.When you do your family's shopping, don't forget to check out the fresh meat at your local Walmart store. Our fresh meat will satisfy even the most discriminating tastes, delivering a tender, juicy and flavorful experience. And our in-store fresh meat associates are always available to provide insight and guidance on our different offerings.At Walmart, you'll always find a wide selection of meat, seafood and poultry at Every Day Low Prices. Save money. Live better.Show moreElectrode, Comp-167313230, DC-prod-dal2, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.16.0, SHA-a61be39c429b9ad89de35da485c799e426355f1c, CID-