




Karl G. Baily - Former Vice President at Baily Insurance Agency, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Karl G. Baily
Former Vice President at Baily Insurance Agency, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Karl G. Baily
Former Vice President at Baily Insurance Agency, Inc.



 Overview



Age



65
                                  (Born 1952)
                                              




Notable Companies


Coldwell Banker Bailey & Co.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 17 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Barron Pat McCune, Jr.

Chief Executive Officer & Vice Chairman at CB Financial Services, Inc.




Ralph J. Sommers, Jr.

Chairman at Community Bank (Carmichaels, Pennsylvania)





Patrick G. O'Brien

President at CB Financial Services, Inc.




Richard B. Boyer

Director, President of Exchange Underwriters, Inc at CB Financial Services, Inc.





John J. LaCarte

President at Model Cleaners, Uniforms & Apparel LLC




John M. Swiatek

Partner at Swiatek Melone Group





Mark E. Fox

President at FoxFord, Inc.




William C. Groves

President at Haulit Trucking, Inc.





Charles R. Guthrie

President at Guthrie Belczyk & Associates PC




Joseph N. Headlee

Partner at The Headlee Partnership







See 7 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 7 More 


 


 Paths to Karl G. Baily



            Karl G. Baily          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Karl G. Baily






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Karl G. Baily.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



President

                                    Prior                


Coldwell Banker Bailey & Co.






Vice President

                                    Prior                


Baily Insurance Agency, Inc.


                  Baily Insurance Agency, Inc. is a private company headquartered in Waynesburg, PA, that provides insurance agency services.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    1996 - Current                  


Community Bank (Carmichaels, Pennsylvania)

                    Part of CB Financial Services, Inc., Community Bank (Carmichaels, Pennsylvania) is an American company located in Carmichaels, PA, specializing in state commercial banks. Barron Pat McCune has been the CEO of the firm since 1992.                  




Independent Director

                    1996 - Current                  


CB Financial Services, Inc.

                    CB Financial Services, Inc. operates as a bank holding company, which conducts its operations primarily through its subsidiary, Community Bank, a community-oriented financial institution offering residential and commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, and consumer loans as well as a variety of deposit products for individuals and businesses. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Carmichaels, PA.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Karl G. Baily is affiliated with
                            Coldwell Banker Bailey & Co., Baily Insurance Agency, Inc., Community Bank (Carmichaels, Pennsylvania), CB Financial Services, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Insider Trading - Baily Karl G. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Baily Karl G.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-16Option Award
2016-12-205:15 pm
N/AN/A
Cb Financial Services Inc.
CBFV
Baily Karl G.Director
500
$0
13,080(Direct)
View


2016-12-16Option Award
2016-12-205:15 pm
2017-12-162026-12-26
Cb Financial Services Inc.
CBFV
Baily Karl G.Director
1,400
$26.45
13,080(Direct)
View


2015-12-16Option Award
2015-12-174:05 pm
N/AN/A
Cb Financial Services Inc.
CBFV
Baily Karl G.Director
750
$0
19,930(Direct)
View


2015-12-16Option Award
2015-12-174:05 pm
2016-12-162025-12-16
Cb Financial Services Inc.
CBFV
Baily Karl G.Director
5,000
$22.25
19,930(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Wed, 26 Jul 2017 14:52:01 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











BAILY KARL G. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BAILY KARL G.
                    

•   CARMICHAELS, PA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Baily Karl G. is based out of Carmichaels.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BAILY KARL G., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




baily karl g.


100 N. MARKET STREET

CARMICHAELS
PA
                                                        
                                                    15320









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 12/20/2016
3/A filed on 01/15/2016
4 filed on 12/17/2015
3 filed on 10/22/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	VIOALERT Trademark of Faerber, Karl G.. Serial Number: 77780801 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Personal & Legal & Social Services
VIOALERT










 
Get FREE email alerts













VIOALERT  Trademark Information
 Faerber, Karl G.
Digital video monitoring, namely, monitoring traffic violations with digital video cameras




Perfect for these industries

Personal & Legal & Social Services





Words that describe this mark
digital   video   monitoring         monitoring   traffic   violations   digital   video   cameras    
                                    




This is a brand page for the VIOALERT trademark by Faerber, Karl G. 
                                in Marietta, GA, 30066.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this VIOALERT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Faerber, Karl G. of the VIOALERT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the VIOALERT trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, July 14, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        VIOALERT by 
                        Faerber, Karl G., Marietta, GA  30066.
                        The USPTO has given the VIOALERT 
                        trademark serial  number of  77780801.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for VIOALERT is 
                        
                        
                                            KARL G. FAERBER of 
                                            1290 KENNESTONE CIR,  STE A200, MARIETTA, GA 30066-6089 
                                .
                            The VIOALERT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Personal & Legal & Social Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for VIOALERT 
                            is Digital video monitoring, namely, monitoring traffic violations with digital video cameras. 
                            





Word mark:
 VIOALERT


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

4/14/2017



  Serial Number:  
77780801


  Filing Date:  
7/14/2009


 Registration Number:  
3843810 


 Registration Date:  
9/7/2010


 Goods and Services: 
Digital video monitoring, namely, monitoring traffic violations with digital video cameras


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/22/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

Faerber, Karl G.Marietta, GA  30066
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


KARL G. FAERBER
1290 KENNESTONE CIR
STE A200
MARIETTA, GA 30066-6089






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (045) - Legal services; security services for the protection of property and individuals; personal and social services rendered by others to meet the needs of individuals. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/1/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/2007





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your VIOALERT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/14/2017
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



KARL G. FAERBER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of VIOALERT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search vioalert on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for VIOALERT 




VIOALERT is providing Digital video monitoring, namely, monitoring traffic violations with digital video cameras.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Karl Baily Waynesburg, PA | Intelius




















 










50% off
75% off
80% off
      Special Offer
   

Hey, wait!


            Get the information you need with a Background Check for just $49.95 $24.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a People Search for just $3.95 $0.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a Phone Report for just $4.95 $0.95!
         



            Get the information you need with a Background Check for just $49.95 $24.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a People Search for just $3.95 $0.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a Phone Report for just $4.95 $0.95!
         




            Yes! I want this offer 


No, I'll pass on this offer 

×











Menu
Intelius Premier
Identity Protect
Help
Sign In









Browser Issue Detected
Cookies must be enabled in order for you to use services. However, it seems that cookies are disabled in your browser.
                  To use services, enable cookies by changing your browser options, then try again.

Show me how to enable cookies

After you enable cookies, please click here.



Search results for Karl  Baily in          Waynesburg, PA
   

Get a Report on Karl G Baily in          Waynesburg, PA
   





We found Karl G Baily!







Address History
Waynesburg, PA
New Philadelphia, OH
Pittsburgh, PA
Washington, PA




Relatives
Charles Baily
Kari Hilson
Elinor Baily
Robert Baily
Janice Baily

View More






Worked at
Baily Insurance Agency Inc
Baily Real Estate Agency Inc





Karl G Baily, 65
               Waynesburg, PA
            
Get a Report on Karl G Baily




Get the Information You Need on Karl G Baily 

Intelius reports include some or all of the following


Full Name
Age & Date of Birth
Address
Address History
Phone Numbers
Aliases


Relatives
Neighbors
Email Address(es)
Social Networks
Property Records
Marriage & Divorce


Criminal Records
Bankruptcies
Liens
Judgments
Lawsuits


Get a Report














            Karl G Baily
age 65
            
Get Full Report on Karl
Address History

                                 Waynesburg, PA;                                  New Philadelphia, OH;                                  Pittsburgh, PA;                                  Washington, PA                           
                        Relatives

                                 Charles Baily,                                  Kari Hilson,                                  Elinor Baily,                                  Robert Baily,                                  Janice Baily,                                  Melissa Payton,                                  Ann Baily                              
Worked at

                                                Baily Insurance Agency Inc;                                  Baily Real Estate Agency Inc                              






Get a Report



Intelius reports can include:

Full Name
Age & Date of Birth
Address
Address History
Phone Numbers
Aliases
Relatives
Neighbors
Email Address(es)


Social Networks
Property Records
Marriage & Divorce
Criminal Records
Bankruptcies
Liens
Judgments
Lawsuits





Not the right person? Search again:
Not the right person? Search again:



First Name



M.I.



Last Name required



City and/or State



Search














   Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.







What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
            prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


×


 

 
















Karl Bailey :: Andrews University






































Toggle navigation



















 







Search





Quick Links
Audiences
Navigation























Department of
Behavioral Sciences

Toggle navigation
















About the Department


Programs Overview


Community & International Development


Graduate (off-campus)


Resources


Faculty


Research


Study Tours


Contact Information








Karl Bailey





Karl Bailey

Title: Director, Behavioral Neuroscience Program
			Professor of Psychology
Office Location: 219 Buller Hall
E-mail: kgbailey@andrews.edu
Phone: (269) 471-3577
Education
	BS Andrews University
	MA Michigan State University
	PhD Michigan State University in Cognitive Psychology




Biography

	Karl Bailey is a Professor of Psychology in the Behavioral Sciences Department at Andrews University, and the director of the undergraduate Behavioral Neuroscience Program. A cognitive psychologist by training, Dr. Bailey's work with his research students on attention and self-control among Seventh-day Adventist young adults led him to the study of the relationship between religious belief and motivation. For the past four years, Dr. Bailey and his students have been working on a large project to develop and refine instruments to study the internalization of Sabbath keeping among Seventh-day Adventists, and to better understand the positive relationship between Sabbath keeping and well-being. Dr. Bailey and his students (along with Herb Helm) also use eye tracking to study watercolor paintings and language comprehension in the Andrews University Cognitive Psychology Laboratory.


	Dr. Bailey has taught courses in cognitive psychology, learning and behavior, psychology and the brain, research methods, cognitive science and faith, and the statistical programming language R. He also is one of the leaders of the department’s annual trip to Chicago to attend the Midwestern Psychological Association Annual Meeting.


	Dr. Bailey is married to Rosemary (Bauer) Bailey, and is the father of Lilianora, and Annalise. When not teaching or researching, Dr. Bailey programs computers and plays the guitar, ukulele, autoharp, and bass (but not at the same time).
Current Research or Professional Activities

Primary Research Interests:

	Psycholinguistics; Comprehension of disfluent spontaneous speech; Misinterpretation effects; Language and the Visual world; Visual attention as a measure of complex human cognition.

Scholarly Papers Read:

	Helm, H.W., Jr., & Bailey, K. (2013, January). Contemplating the psychology lab issue in an understaffed psychology department. Symposium presented at the 35th National Institute on the Teaching of Psychology, St. Petersburg Beach, Fl.

	Bailey K.G.D. (2012, August). An Adventist approach to cognitive science. Paper Presented at the 2012 North American Division of Teachers' Convention, Nashville, TN.

	Bailey, R., Montagano, J.K., & Bailey, K.G. (2012, May). Gender differences in math and test anxiety. Paper presented at the 84th Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Montangano, J.K. Bailey R., and Bailey, K.G. (2012, May). Math and test anxiety across ethnicities. Paper read at the 84th Annual meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Helm, H.W., Jr., & Bailey, K.G.D. (2012, May). Eye Tracking and Art: A case study of integrating innovations in research in the undergraduate classroom. Paper presented at the 84th Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Bailey, R.N., Montagano, J.K., & Bailey, K.G.D. (2011, October). Are math anxiety and test anxiety the same construct? Paper presented at the Michigan Association of School Psychologists. Grand Rapids, Michigan.

	Beltre, E., Ramos, C., & Bailey, K.G.D. (2011, May)  Predictors of attentional variability on a college campus.   Paper presented at the Psi Chi session of the 83rd Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Raethel, A.E. & Bailey, K.G.D. (2011, May)  Implicit attitudes of vegetarians and omnivores toward meat and vegetables.  Paper presented at the Psi Chi session of the 83rd Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Titus, O. & Bailey, K.G.D.  (May, 2011)  Personality and visual attention.  Paper presented at the Psi Chi session of the 83rd Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychologicval Association, Chicago.

	Bailey, R.N., Montagano, J.K., & Bailey K.G. (2011, October)  Are math anxiety and test anxiety the same construct?  Paper presented at the Michigan Association of School Psychologists.   Grand Rapids, Michigan.

	Montagano, J., Bailey, R., Bailey, K.G. & Gundy C.  (2011, May)   A confirmatory factor analysis of the Math Anxiety Scale for Children (MASC).  Paper presented at the 83rd Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Bailey, R.N., Montagano, J.K., Bailey, K.G.D., & Gundy, C.S.  (2011, May).  Confirmatory factor analysis of the Newstead Mathematics Anxiety Questionnaire 9NMAQ).  Paper presented at the 83rd Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Ferreira, R., Lau, E.F., & Bailey, K.G.D. (2003, November).  A model of disfluency processing during parsing.   Paper presented at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Psychonomic Society, Vancouver, Canada.

	Bailey, K.G.D. & Sorensen, D.W. (2007, May).  Array size and the time-locking of eye movements and language comprehension.   Paper to be presented at the 79th Annual Midwestern Psychological Association Meeting, Chicago, IL.

	Sorensen, D.W. & Bailey, K.G.D. (2006, November).  The world is too much:   Effects of array size on the link between language comprehension and eye movements.   Paper presented at the 14th Annual Object Perception, Attention, and Memory Conference, Houston, TX

	Bailey, K.G.D & Ferreira, F (2005, March). Don't swim, hop: The timecourse of disfluency processing. Paper to be presented at the 18th annual meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, Tucson, AZ.

	Engelhardt, P.E., Bailey, K.G.D. & Ferreira, F. (2004, March). "But it's already on a towell": Reconsidering the one-referent visual context. Paper presented at the 17th Annual Meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, College Park, MD.

	Ferreira, F , Lau, E.F., & Bailey, K.G.D. (2004, March). A model of disfluency processing based on Tree-Adjoining Grammar. Paper presented at the 17th Annual Meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, College Park, MD

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F.  (2001, November).   Disfluencies influence parsing of garden-path sentences.   Paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the Psychonomic Society, Orlando, Florida.

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F. (2001, August).  Do Non-Word Disfluencies Affect Syntactic Parsing?   Paper presented at the 2001 Disfluency in Spontaneous Speech Tutorial and Research Workshop, Edinburgh, Scotland.

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F.  (2001, May).   Syntactic parsing can be affected by non-word speech disfluency.   Paper presented at the 2001 Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

Poster Presentations:

	Helm, H. W., Jr., & Bailey, K. G. D. (2012, January). Students' perception of the usefulness of a professional conference. Poster presented at the 34th National Institute on the Teaching of Psychology, St. Petersburg Beach, FL.

	Bailey, K.G.D., Bailey, R.N., Magsino, V.J., & Wiedemann, S.R.  (2011, May).  Factors underlying the free will beliefs of students at a religious university.  Poster presented at the 83rd Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Helm, H.W., Jr., Bailey, K.G.D., McBride, D.C., & LaBianca, O.S. (2011, January).   Building a departmental culture of research:  Promoting undergraduate student development and transformation through a research methods curriculum.  Poster presented at the 33rd National Institute on the Teaching of Psychology, St. Petersburg Beach, FL.

	Bailey, K.G.D., Chuah, M., Siebold, L.C., LaBianca, O. & Bailey, R.N. (2007, May)   Cultural background affects eye movements during scene perception.  Poster to be presented at the 79th Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Bailey, K.G.D., Siebold, L.C., & Bailey, R.N. (2007, May)   Believing is seeing:   prior beliefs affect problem solving.   Poster to be presented at the 79th Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association, Chicago, IL.

	Engelhardt, P.E., Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F. (2005, March) Coordination ambiguities in the visual world paradigm. Poster to be presented at the 18th Annual Meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, Tucson, AZ.

	Engelhardt, P.E., Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F. (November, 2004) Garden Pathing or Syntactic Priming: A Closer look at the Visual World Paradigm. Poster presented at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Psychonomics Society, Minneapolis, MN.

	Bailey, K.G.D. & Ferreira, F. (2004, March) When is a Path Not a Path? Eye Movements and Parsing in the Visual World.  Poster presented at the 17th Annual Meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, College Park, MD

	Bailey, K.G.D., Xiang, M., & Ferreira, F.  (2003, March).  Parsing and misinterpretation in coordination ambigiguities.  Poster presented at the 16th Annual Meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, Cambridge, MA.

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F.  (2003, March).   Eye movements and the comprehension of disfluent speech.   Poster presented at the 16th Annual meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, Cambridge, MA.

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F.  (2001, March).   The disfluent hairy dog:   Can syntactic parsing be affected by non-word disfluencies?   Poster presented at the 14th Annual Meeting of the CUNY Conference on Human Sentence Processing, Philadelphia, PA

Chapters Contributed to Volume:

	Bailey, K. G. D. (to appear). Being humans: Biology, faith, & human nature. In T. Goodwin (Ed.) Biology: A Seventh-day Adventist Approach. Berrien Springs, MI: Andrews University Press.

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferriera, F.  (2007).   The processing of filled pause disfluencies in the visual world.   To appear in R. van Gompel, M. Fischer, W. Murray & R. Hill (Eds.), Eye movements:   A window on mind and brain.   Amsterdam:   Elsevier.

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F.  (2004).   The Disfluent Hairy Dog:   Can Syntactic Parsing be Affected by Non-Word Disfluencies?  In J. Trueswell & M.K. Tanenhaus (eds.), World situated language use:  Psycholinguistic, linguistic, and computational perspectives on bridging the product and action traditions.   Cambridge, MA:  MIT Press.

Refereed Journal Articles:

	Bailey, K. G. D. (2012). Faith-learning integration, critical thinking skills, and student development in Christian education. Journal of Research on Christian Education, 21, 153-173.

	Helm, H. W., Jr., Bailey, K. G. D., McBride, D. C., & LaBianca, O. S. (2011). Creating a research culture in a small non-selective department. Journal of Psychology, 8, 93-101.

	Sorensen, D. W. & Bailey, K. G. D. (2007). The world is too much: Effects of array size on the link between language comprehension and eye movements. Visual Cognition, 14, 112-115.

	Engelhardt, P.E., Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F.  (2006).   Do speakers and listeners observe the Gricean Maxim of Quantity?   Journal of Memory and Language, 54, 554-573.

	Ferreira, F. & Bailey, K.G.D.  (2004).   Disfluencies and human language processing.   Trends in Cognitive Science, 8, 231-237.

	Ferreira, F., Lau, E.F., & Bailey, K.G.D.  (2004)   Disfluencies, parsing, and tree-adjoining grammars.   Cognitive Science. 

	Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferreira, F.  (2003). Disfluencies affect the parsing of garden-path sentences.   Journal of Memory and Language, 49, 183-200.

	Ferreira, F., Bailey, K.G.D., & Ferraro, V.  (2002).   Good-enough representations in language comprehension.   Current Directions in Psychological Science, 11, 11-15.












About the Department


Programs Overview


Community & International Development


Graduate (off-campus)


Resources


Faculty


Research


Study Tours


Contact Information











Contact Us









Visit Andrews









Apply Online





















Phone: 269-471-3152 
Email: bhsc-info@andrews.edu








 













Back to top




Events






 





Stock Screener - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 8 mins.S&P 5002,475.64-1.49 (-0.06%)Dow 3021,695.79+82.36 (+0.38%)The Final RoundMajor indices hit new closing highs; Facebook earnings on tapLive at 3:55 p.m. ETInsider TransactionsDefault CriteriaInsider & Restricted Shareholder Transactions1-2 of 2 resultsResults were generated a few mins ago. Pricing data is updated frequently. Currency in USDSymbolDateSharesProceedsTransaction DetailsCBFV2016-12-15500N/AAcquisition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.CBFV2015-12-15750N/AAcquisition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.Kristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderCalifornia Approves Cheaper WindowsModernizeSponsored'I'm going to issue a warning': Howard Marks' outlines the dangers of today's marketYahoo FinanceYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)











Paper Trimmers and Hole Punches for Home and Office CARL Manufacturing


































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                
















Visit CARL Mexico
Visit CARL International









Office Paper Trimmers - Hole Punches


Have a question?We're here to help
1 (800) 257-4771





Search

 



 


My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In








 Home


Paper Trimmers




Personal Trimmers




Classic Series



Luminous Series



Razor Series





Professional Trimmers




Classic Series



Luminous Series



Rotatrim Series



TrimGear Series





Heavy Duty Trimmers




Classic Series



Luminous Series





Guillotine Trimmers



Accessories





Hole Punches




2 Hole Punches



3 Hole Punches



Specialty Punches



Accessories





Security Products




Security Key Cabinets



Personal Security Boxes





Office Essentials




Desktop Accessories



Binding Systems





CarlaCraft




Ring Ring Binding System



 
 About Carl
 Support






Our office's will be closed on 03/17/2016 for system maintanance and we will resume normal operations on 03/18/2016. CARL's online is operational.

    





























 Now Accepting School & Government Orders
Dealers: Buy Your CARL Products Through S.P. Richards


Genuine Accessories
Extend the life of your CARL products with genuine CARL accessories.
Paper Trimmer Accessories Paper Hole Punch Accessories

Customer Support You Can Count On
Our customer support is here to help you every step of the way. From pre-sale questions to product how-to’s, we are here for you.

FAQ's


Warranty


Customer Service


Shipping & Returns




 






Follow @carlmfg



Sign up for product launches & receive EXCLUSIVE promotions





Email Address 







 










Shop

Paper Trimmers
Hole Punches
Security Products
Advanced Search



Your Account

My Account 
My Wishlist 
My Cart 
Checkout



Product Support

Manuals & Downloads
Technical Support
Warranty Information



Order Support

Order Status
Customer Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping & Return Policy






Online Payment Service









                        Website Design & Development by Lucca Alla Moda


© 2017CARL Manufacturing USA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. XML Sitemap  
Site Map
About CARL

 








