


Life Sciences | Bain Capital





























Bain Capital Investor Portal Please log in to access your account information. If you have any questions regarding your account, please contact [email protected].



Sign on to your account


Select an account 


Private Equity
Credit
Public Equity
Ventures
Double Impact
Life Sciences







Questions?
Call Us: 24 x 7 Global Phone Support
Email Us: [email protected]

 
 









SEARCH























Bain Capital Investor Portal Please log in to access your account information. If you have any questions regarding your account, please contact [email protected].



Sign on to your account


Select an account 


Private Equity
Credit
Public Equity
Ventures
Double Impact
Life Sciences







Questions?
Call Us: 24 x 7 Global Phone Support
Email Us: [email protected]

 
 

















Scaling innovation in life science 






Our team draws on deep industry expertise, clinical insights and cross-asset class investing experience to drive advances in therapeutics, diagnostics and tools to improve the lives of patients with unmet medical needs.












Life Sciences




About
Strategy
Guiding Principles
Portfolio
Contact Us
Team


Share this page

















Share this page
























About Life Sciences
Bain Capital Life Sciences invests in biopharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, medical device, diagnostics and enabling life science technology companies globally, with a focus on companies that both drive medical innovation across the value chain and enable that innovation to improve the lives of patients with unmet medical needs.
The differentiated skillset of Bain Capital’s team enables it to pursue opportunities created by several longterm trends in healthcare. In particular, these trends are creating an increased need for targeted capital and value-added strategic support of companies around their critical phases of growth, during which they must prove their clinical and business value.
Since 1984, Bain Capital has employed a strategic, analytical approach to identify attractive investment opportunities and partner with management teams to transform and improve their businesses. During this time, Bain Capital has developed global reach, deep expertise and a proven track record in the life sciences industries across its Private Equity, Public Equity, Credit, and Ventures business units. 









Focused strategy across four themes of investments
Bain Capital Life Sciences targets four types of investment opportunities:








Inflection Capital

Engagement with companies at the critical development stages of innovation












Growth Capital

Partnering with companies to accelerate and expand platforms












Fallen Angels

Engaging with companies at a crossroads to create value.












Larger Private Equity

Collaborating with the Bain Capital platform to invest in and support larger companies







 













“Bain Capital Life Sciences provides targeted and value-added support to pursue innovation that improves the lives of patients.”











Guiding Principles
Bain Capital Life Sciences seeks to create differentiated value by identifying investments across a broad spectrum of opportunities:







Targeting companies that drive innovation across the healthcare value chain







Bringing breakthrough advances to market that improve the lives of patients







Enabling efficient use of capital through rigorous diligence, asset selection and value-added support


 









Portfolio









Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Solid Biosciences



 










Contact Us
For additional information, please contact [email protected]. 




















  PE14350 Quote - Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund LP   PE14350:US      Inactive   PE14350:US is inactive   USD             Fund Type   Private Equity Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Private Equity Fund    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   Private Equity    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund LP is a 2017 private equity fund currently investing. The Fund makes growth investments in the biotechnology & pharmaceuticals, health care facilities & services, and medical equipment & devices manufacturing industries. The Fund makes investments globally.    Address  -   Phone  -   Website   -              



Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P.







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorBain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P.
Current Positions1


Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. has disclosed 1 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
            This investor has filed 1 activist 13D filings recently, which suggests it
            takes an active role in influencing management.

        
        
        
        
            Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P.'s top industries are
            
                "Chemicals And Allied Products" (sic 28)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2017‑04‑13
SC 13D
DRNA / Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

*

7,088,996
















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership



























Bain Capital raises $720 million for life sciences fund | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport2 months agoBain Capital raises $720 million for life sciences fund#Sessions#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedTrump bans transgender people from military serviceTrump bans transgender people from military serviceTrump bans transgender people from military servicePicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#DealsMay 23, 2017 /  11:04 AM / 2 months agoBain Capital raises $720 million for life sciences fundCarl O'Donnell3 Min Read(Reuters) - Private equity firm Bain Capital LP said on Tuesday it had raised $720 million for its first investment fund focused exclusively on the life sciences sector. The fund will give Bain the ammunition to focus on targeted investments at a time when the life sciences industry seeks more capital to fund its expansion.  "We are excited by some of the long-term secular trends in the life sciences space," said Adam Koppel, a managing director at Bain Capital Life Sciences. "Big pharma is increasingly outsourcing R&D at the same time as many new technologies and treatments are being developed."   Guided by a team of eight investment professionals, the new business will make investments of between $30 million and $70 million in public and private life sciences companies in areas ranging from medical devices to specialty pharmaceuticals to biotech.          The fund will target companies at several key stages of their life cycle, including raising funds for clinical trials, scaling up after receiving regulatory approval for their products, or pursuing turnarounds.  It will also partner with Bain Capital's private equity funds to participate in leveraged buyouts. With the exception of its private equity investments, the fund will not usually seek a controlling stake in the companies it invests in, but it will aim for board representation in its portfolio companies. "We are not going to be activist investors, we are going to be more like what they call 'constructivist' investors who play an important role in companies' strategic decisions," said Jeff Schwartz, also a managing director at Bain Capital Life Sciences. Bain Capital has already made two investments through the new fund, in publicly traded biotechnology company Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA.O) and in privately held Solid Biosciences.  Both are development-stage companies that are aiming to treat rare diseases, among other conditions.  Based in Boston, Bain Capital is one of the largest alternative investment firms in the world, with around $75 billion of assets under management.  It has made a number of major investments in various areas of healthcare, including contract researcher Quintiles, behavioral health facility operator Acadia Healthcare Co Inc, and drugmaker QuVa Pharma.  Reporting by Carl O'Donnell in New York; Editing by Phil Berlowitz0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.










Bain Capital Launches Life Sciences Fund















































Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSABain Capital Launches Life Sciences Fund




Bain Capital Launches Life Sciences Fund


USA 

Published on November 23, 2016By FinSMEs 






Global investment firm Bain Capital has launched its first dedicated life sciences fund. 
According to a regulatory form filed with the SEC, the vehicle is called Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P.
The document lists Boston-based Managing Directors Adam M. Koppel, MD, PhD, and Jeffrey Schwartz as people related to the offering, whose targeted amount was not disclosed.
With more than $75 billion of assets under management, Bain Capital, LP, is one of the world’s leading private multi-asset alternative investment firms. Founded in 1984, the firm operates in several asset classes including private equity, credit, public equity and venture capital.
FinSMEs
23/11/2016
 







We recommend



USA 
Toms Receives Investment from Bain Capital

By FinSMEs Published on August 25, 2014 




USA 
Bain Capital to Acquire TI Automotive

By FinSMEs Published on January 27, 2015January 28, 2015 




middle market companiesPrivate EquitySweden 
Securitas Direct Acquired by Bain Capital and Hellman & Friedman

By FinSMEs Published on June 24, 2011 






Join the discussion Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 




 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter







































USA | FinSMEs



























Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSA



USA 



 


Aiqudo Raises $5.2M in Series A Funding; Acquires Sophia 

Aiqudo (eye-cue-doe), a San Jose, CA-based provider of software that lets people use voice commands to execute actions in mobile apps, has launched with $5.2m in Series A funding.






 


WalkMe Secures $75m in Funding 

WalkMe, a San Francisco, CA-based digital adoption platform and software company, secured $75m in funding.






 


Maniv Mobility Closes Mobility Tech Venture Capital Fund, at Over $40M 

Maniv Mobility LP, a Tel Aviv, Israel-based venture capital firm dedicated exclusively to mobility tech, raised its first fund, in excess of $40m.






 


Complexa Completes $62M Series C Funding 

Complexa Inc., a Radnor, Pa.-based clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, completed a $62m Series C funding.






 


Rebagg Secures $15.5M in Series B Funding 

Rebagg, a NYC-based luxury goods reseller, secured $15.5M in Series B funding.






 


Cleo Raises £2M in Seed Funding 

Cleo, a London, UK-based digital AI assistant for managing personal finances, raised £2m in seed funding.






 


IonQ Completes $20m Series B Funding Round 

IonQ, a College Park, Md.-based developer of quantum computing for commercial applications, completed a $20m series B funding round.






 


August Home Secures $25M in Series C Funding 

August Home, a San Francisco, CA-based provider of smart locks and smart home access products and services, raised $25m in Series C funding.






 


GearLaunch Raises $4.8M in Series A Funding 

GearLaunch, a San Francisco, CA-based E2E-commerce platform, received $4.8m in Series A funding.






 


Signal Vine Raises $2M in Series A Funding 

Signal Vine, an Alexandria, VA-based enterprise text messaging platform used by higher education institutions to improve student retention and persistence, secured $2m in Series A funding.






 


Signature Medical Completes $2.5M Series A Funding Round 

Signature Medical, Inc., a Boston, MA-based digital healthcare company, completed a $2.5m Series A funding round.






 


Naveego Secures $500K Funding Round 

Naveego, a Traverse City, MI-based provider of cloud-based data quality and master data management (MDM) solutions, secured $500k in funding.






 


Monroe Capital Provides $25M Asset-Based Facility to Betteridge Jewelers 

Betteridge Jewelers, Inc., a Greenwich, Connecticut-based premier jeweler and watch retailer, received a $25m asset-based facility.






 


Grabr Raises $2.7M in Funding 

Grabr, a San Francisco, CA-based platform introducing a way for shoppers to access international goods, raised $2.7M in funding.






 


Rodeo Therapeutics Raises $5.9M in Series A Funding 

Rodeo Therapeutics, a Seattle, WA-based company developing small-molecule therapies designed to promote regeneration and repair of multiple tissue types, raised $5.9m in Series A financing.









 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter































Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 3:56 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund specializes in buyouts, inflection capital, growth capital, turnaround, and private equity investments. It seeks to invest in life sciences sector with a focus on biopharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, medical device, diagnostics, and enabling life science technology companies globally. It seeks to make investments between $30 million and $70 million. It prefers to take a majority stake and a Board seat in its portfolio companies.


John Hancock Tower200 Clarendon StreetBoston, MA 02116United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 617-516-2000

Fax: 617-516-2010








Key Executives for Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund




Mr. Jeffrey Lawrence Schwartz


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 38
        







Dr. Adam M. Koppel M.B.A., M.D., Ph.D.


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Ricky Sun


      	Principal
      








Ms. Orly Mishan


      	Principal
      








Dr. Jeffrey P. Green M.D.


      	Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 30, 2017
			    
Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Private Placement

			      March 30, 2017
			    
Solid Biosciences, LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Bain Capital raises $720 million for life sciences fund: Reuters - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Bain Capital raises $720 million for life sciences fund: Reuters


May 23, 2017
By Reuters News



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Bain Capital raises $720 million for life sciences fund: Reuters
Private equity firm Bain Capital LP said on Tuesday it had raised $720 million for its first investment fund focused exclusively on the life sciences sector, Reuters reported. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















(Reuters) — Private equity firm Bain Capital LP said on Tuesday it had raised $720 million for its first investment fund focused exclusively on the life sciences sector.
The fund will give Bain the ammunition to focus on targeted investments at a time when the life sciences industry seeks more capital to fund its expansion.
“We are excited by some of the long-term secular trends in the life sciences space,” said Adam Koppel, a managing director at Bain Capital Life Sciences. “Big pharma is increasingly outsourcing R&D at the same time as many new technologies and treatments are being developed.”
Guided by a team of eight investment professionals, the new business will make investments of between $30 million and $70 million in public and private life sciences companies in areas ranging from medical devices to specialty pharmaceuticals to biotech.
The fund will target companies at several key stages of their life cycle, including raising funds for clinical trials, scaling up after receiving regulatory approval for their products, or pursuing turnarounds.
It will also partner with Bain Capital’s private equity funds to participate in leveraged buyouts.
With the exception of its private equity investments, the fund will not usually seek a controlling stake in the companies it invests in, but it will aim for board representation in its portfolio companies.
“We are not going to be activist investors, we are going to be more like what they call ‘constructivist’ investors who play an important role in companies’ strategic decisions,” said Jeff Schwartz, also a managing director at Bain Capital Life Sciences.
Bain Capital has already made two investments through the new fund, in publicly traded biotechnology company Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA.O) and in privately held Solid Biosciences.
Both are development-stage companies that are aiming to treat rare diseases, among other conditions.
Based in Boston, Bain Capital is one of the largest alternative investment firms in the world, with around $75 billion of assets under management.
It has made a number of major investments in various areas of healthcare, including contract researcher Quintiles, behavioral health facility operator Acadia Healthcare Co Inc, and drugmaker QuVa Pharma.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Bain Capital raises $720 million for life sciences fund: Reuters
Private equity firm Bain Capital LP said on Tuesday it had raised $720 million for its first investment fund focused exclusively on the life sciences sector, Reuters reported. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 
































 SECGems: Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
3















←


 1 


→



 Filings:    (1 of 3 - Total: 3)









		
			April 13, 2017 .
		
	


				Issuer
			

 
					Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc 
					

 
					DRNA
				


				Reporting Owner
			

 
					Bain Capital Life Sciences Investors, LLC 
					


					[
					      10% owner,              
					
					
					
					
					
					]
				


 
					Bain Capital Life Sciences Partners, LP 
					


					[
					      10% owner,              
					
					
					
					
					
					]
				


 
					Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. 
					


					[
					      10% owner,              
					
					
					
					
					
					]
				


 
					BCIP Life Sciences Associates, LP 
					


					[
					      10% owner,              
					
					
					
					
					
					]
				


 
					Schwartz Jeffrey Lawrence 
					


					[
					      10% owner,              
					
					
					
					
					
					]
				


 
					Koppel Adam 
					


					[
					      10% owner,              
					        Director,               
					
					
					
					
					]
				

Signed By

 BAIN CAPITAL LIFE SCIENCES INVESTORS LLC By:   Adam Koppel Name:  Adam Koppel Title:  Managing Director


 BAIN CAPITAL LIFE SCIENCES PARTNERS LP By:  Bain Capital Life Sciences Investors LLC its general partner By:   Adam Koppel Name:  Adam Koppel Title:  Managing Director


 BAIN CAPITAL LIFE SCIENCES FUND LP By:  Bain Capital Life Sciences Partners LP its general partner By:  Bain Capital Life Sciences Investors LLC its general partner By:   Adam Koppel Name:  Adam Koppel Title:  Managing Director


 BCIP LIFE SCIENCES ASSOCIATES LP By:  Boylston Coinvestors LLC its general partner By:   Adam Koppel Name:  Adam Koppel Title:  Authorized Signatory


 Jeffrey Schwartz


 Adam Koppel






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				3
			




 
					0000899243-17-010220.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Ownership: Initial statement of beneficial ownership of securities. Insider trading ( Directors, Officers, Significant Shareholders )
				






				Period ending 
			

				April 11, 2017 
			







Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 


  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 	[ See Footnotes ] 
 
 
 
 	[ Underlying Securities: Common Stock ]
 
 
 
 	7,836,989 shares













		
			April 13, 2017 .
		
	

Filed By

 Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. 

Subject Company

 Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc 

Group Member

 BCIP LIFE SCIENCES ASSOCIATES, LP






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC 13D
			




 
					0001193125-17-123359.nc
				






					Acquisition of beneficial ownership of 5% or more of any class of equity securities. Includes: Buy / Acquire / Sell / Dispose 1% or more. Incl: Takeovers, change of control
				

















		
			Nov. 22, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P. 

Form D persons

 Adam Koppel


 Jeffrey Schwartz

Signed By

 Sean M. Doherty






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				D
			




 
					0001687968-16-000001.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses )
				




				Item
			

				06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
			

				3C Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)
			

				3C.7 Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)(7)
			








	  Primary Issuer 
	


Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P.


			[ Other Cayman Islands Exempted Limited Partnership] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			CAYMAN ISLANDS
		


	  Related Persons
	


Adam Koppel

[ Executive Officer ] 



Jeffrey Schwartz

[ Executive Officer ] 



		  Industry
		

		 Pooled Investment Fund Private Equity Fund
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: Decline to Disclose


Date of first sale: 
Yet to occur 


			
				[ Pooled investment fund ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 0
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			# investors
		
 
			0 investors have already invested in this offering
		









 





db
 
 











































Bain Capital High Income Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







BAIN CAPITAL HIGH INCOME


Premium Company Report








The Premium Bain Capital High Income Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$89


View subscription options







DBA BAIN CAPITAL LLCDBA Bain Capital Asia Fund II, L.P.DBA Bain Capital Double Impact Fund, L.P.DBA Bain Capital Fund XI, L.P.DBA Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P.DBA Bain Capital Public Equity Global Industrials Fund, L.P.DBA Bain Capital Structured Credit Feeder, L.P.DBA Bain Capital Structured Credit Fund, L.P.DBA Bain Capital Venture Fund 2012, L.P.200 Clarendon Street  Boston, MA 02116 

Company Awards

Big Fish


VC / Private Equity



Company Profile & Financial Information for Bain Capital High Income
Bain Capital High Income's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Bain Capital High Income's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Bain Capital High Income's strengths. 
Bain Capital High Income operates in the N/A industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Bain Capital High Income's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

RevenueOver $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees100 - 1,000Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry N/A

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Bain Capital High Income's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Bain Capital High Income Revenue and Growth Rate

Bain Capital High Income
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Investor Activity
		Bain Capital High Income has actively raised capital from investors. These investors may include private investors, venture capital firms, or other investment vehicles.

Date
Investors
Percent Raised
Target Size

June 7, 2017
2
INF%
$0 MM

Complete list of funding rounds and total amounts in the Company Report
Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Bain Capital High Income's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

COMMITTED TO LASTING IMPACTFinancial services, namely, investment advice, investment management, investment consultation, and investment of funds for others 08/03/2016 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Bain Capital High Income grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Bain Capital High Income is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Bain Capital High Income vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Bain Capital High Income, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Bain Capital High Income, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Bain Capital High Income's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Bain Capital High Income and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0050 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.

















 


