







Balakrishnan, Balu - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Balu  Balakrishnan
Balu Balakrishnan joined Power Integrations in 1989, serving in a variety of roles before becoming president and COO in April 2001. He was named CEO and appointed to the company’s board of directors in January 2002. Mr. Balakrishnan has more than 30 years of engineering, marketing and management experience in the semiconductor industry, including product-line management responsibility at National Semiconductor Corporation. He is the Chief Inventor of Power Integrations’ TOPSwitch, TinySwitch and EcoSmart technologies and holds more than 120 patents. Mr. Balakrishnan has received the Discover Award for Technological Innovation as well as a TechAmerica Innovator Award, both in recognition of the environmental benefits of EcoSmart technology.
Related Interviews:Interview with the President and CEO: Power Integrations, Inc. (POWI)September 03, 2013Power Integrations, Inc. - Balu BalakrishnanSeptember 19, 2011Power Integrations, Inc. - Balu BalakrishnanFebruary 21, 2011Power Integrations, Inc. - Balu Balakrishnan (powi)September 21, 2009Balu Balakrishan - Power Integrations Inc (powi)September 03, 2003Balu Balakrishnan - Power Integrations Inc (powi)June 09, 2003







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google

























Balu Balakrishnan | Power Integrations, Inc | Email CEO @power.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    Power Integrations, Inc





power.com





5245 Hellyer Avenue                 
                 
San Jose, CA 95138
Phone: 408-414-9200
Fax: 408-414-9201










 





                        Ticker: POWI 








Type:

                    Public                
Employees:

500 - 999

Revenue: 

100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                    Computer Hardware->Semiconductors                
SIC Code:  
                     3674  - Semiconductors and Related Devices
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All 
Accounting Software
Apparel Management
Applicant Tracking
Application Performance Management
Appointment Scheduling
Architectural Drafting
Assisted Living
Budgeting
Bug Tracking
Business Continuity
Business Intelligence
Business Process Management
Call Center
Car Rental
Church Management
Club Management
CMMS
CMS
Compensation Management
Compliance
Construction Accounting
CPU
Data Center Management
Data Entry
Data Storage
Database Management
DB Systems
Debt Collection
Donation Management
EHS Management
Energy Management
Fashion Design and Production
Field Service Management
Financial Risk Management
Fleet Management
Food Service Management
Food Traceability
Freight
GIS
Hardware
Help Desk
Human Resource
IDE
Insurance Policy
Investment Management
Issue Tracking
Job Board
JS Frameworks
JS Libraries
Kiosk
Learning Management System
Lease Management
Library Automation
Loan Origination
Logistics
Manufacturing Execution
Math Algebra Systems
Medical Practice Management
Mobile
Mortgage and Loans
Network Security
OS
Other
Patient Management
Payroll
Performance Appraisal
Physical Security
Procurement
Product Configurator
Productivity
Programming Languages
Public Relations
Publishing and Subscriptions
Quality Management
Real Estate Agency
Real Estate Property Management
Recruiting
Referral
Sales Force Automation
Scheduling
Server Software
Social Networking
Software Frameworks
SPC
Supply Chain Management
Systems Integration
Task Management
Telephony
Tour Operator
Video Editing








Modeling



Modeling
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Advertising



Advertising
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


PeopleSoft



PeopleSoft
PeopleSoft, Inc. was a company that provided software for manufacturing, enterprise performance management, and student administration to large corporations, governments, and organizations.



Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
AudioVideo
CMS
eCommerce
Marketing










New Relic
Offers a performance management solution enabling developers to diagnose and fix application performance problems in real time.






YouTube
YouTube is a video-sharing website, created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005 and owned by Google since late 2006, on which users can upload, view and share videos. 






Drupal
Drupal is a free software package that allows you to easily organize, manage and publish your content, with an endless variety of customization. 



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            July 26, 2016 - New Hire
 NameTitleThomas SimonisVP high-power products
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Balu Balakrishnan                                    

Title: CEO/President








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Sandeep Nayyar                                    

Title: VP Finance/CFO








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Mike Matthews                                    

Title: VP of Product Planning








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Thomas Simonis                                    

Title: VP High-Power Products








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                4                                

                                    of 191 entries            

 Free Trial to view full entries 







 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Power Integrations, Inc, a company that works within the Semiconductors industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Power Integrations, Inc email addresses with the @power.comdomain format. They have their head office in San Jose, CA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@power.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Balu Balakrishnan
A San Jose, CA-based organization, Power Integrations, Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @power.com email addresses, as well as details on Balu Balakrishnan's email, the organization's CEO/President. Their profile can be found in Semiconductors category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Balu Balakrishnan, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Balu Balakrishnan are BBalakrishnan@power.com, Balu.Balakrishnan@power.com, Balu@power.com, and Balu_Balakrishnan@power.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@power.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Qualcomm Atheros, Inc
Qualcomm Atheros, Inc, a business led by CEO Paul Jacobs, is part of the Semiconductors industry. Qualcomm Atheros, Inc email  with the @atheros.com format, you can check their Lead411 profile. They hold their main office in San Diego, CA and more data like cfo contacts and linkedin data can be found within our profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atheros.com addresses.
Microsemi Corporation
This member of the Semiconductors industry is located in Aliso Viejo, CA and you can find important contact information regarding significant company contacts on their Lead411 profile like linkedin, phone numbers, facebook and cfo details. The profile also contains Microsemi Corporation email addresses which have a domain of @microsemi.com format.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@microsemi.com addresses.
MoSys Inc
Looking for company data regarding MoSys Inc's CEO or CFO? MoSys Inc is part of the Semiconductors field and are located in the area of Santa Clara, CA. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include MoSys Inc email addresses marked by the domain format @mosys.com.  Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mosys.com addresses.




Company Directory > Power Integrations, Inc

































Balu Balakrishnan | Power Integrations, Inc | Email, CEO/President, @power.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Balu Balakrishnan

 Power Integrations, Inc  CEO/President


Updated On : 
                    Feb 27, 2017                            

export

















5245 Hellyer Avenue

San Jose, CA 95138


Email format for @power.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
500 - 999

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Computer Hardware->Semiconductors                    
SIC Code:  
                         3674  - Semiconductors and Related Devices








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    For Power Integrations, Inc email addresses with the @power.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Balu Balakrishnan, you may check in Power Integrations, Inc's Lead411 profile. Balu Balakrishnan is currently the CEO/President for Power Integrations, Inc. The company's CEO is Balu Balakrishnan. The contact information of Power Integrations, Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Semiconductors. Their main offices are in San Jose, CA.  Some possible email formats for Balu Balakrishnan are BBalakrishnan@power.com, Balu.Balakrishnan@power.com, Balu@power.com, and Balu_Balakrishnan@power.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@power.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Balu Balachandra - Other
n/a's Consitant is Balu Balachandra. They are based in , , and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Marketing/advertising industry. Balu Balachandra's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other n/a contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @oldurlthatwedontusenow.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Balu Balachandra are BBalachandra@oldurlthatwedontusenow.com, Balu.Balachandra@oldurlthatwedontusenow.com, Balu@oldurlthatwedontusenow.com, and Balu_Balachandra@oldurlthatwedontusenow.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@oldurlthatwedontusenow.com addresses.
Balu Balagopal - Executive
Balu Balagopal is part of Nat G CNG Solutions, an organization which has its main offices in Houston, TX.  Balu serves as the Co-CEO at Nat G CNG Solutions.  If you're searching for Nat G CNG Solutions email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @nat-g.com along with Balu Balagopal's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Nat G CNG Solutions's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Natural gas industry.  Some possible email formats for Balu Balagopal are BBalagopal@nat-g.com, Balu.Balagopal@nat-g.com, Balu@nat-g.com, and Balu_Balagopal@nat-g.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@nat-g.com addresses.
Balu Balakrishnan - Executive
Their Research Associate is Balu Balakrishnan. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Leisure/hospitality industry. If you're checking for NHS Trust email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @nhs.net email addresses and possibly Balu Balakrishnan's email. NHS Trust is based in , . You can also get Balu Balakrishnan's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Leisure/hospitality category.  Some possible email formats for Balu Balakrishnan are BBalakrishnan@nhs.net, Balu.Balakrishnan@nhs.net, Balu@nhs.net, and Balu_Balakrishnan@nhs.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@nhs.net addresses.



Similar Employees:
Sandeep Nayyar - Finance
Balu Balakrishnan is Power Integrations, Inc's CEO. Their VP Finance/CFO is Sandeep Nayyar. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Semiconductors industry. If you're checking for Power Integrations, Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @power.com email format and possibly Sandeep Nayyar's email. Power Integrations, Inc is based in San Jose, CA. You can also get Sandeep Nayyar's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Semiconductors category.  Some possible email formats for Sandeep Nayyar are SNayyar@power.com, Sandeep.Nayyar@power.com, Sandeep@power.com, and Sandeep_Nayyar@power.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@power.com addresses.
Ben Sutherland - Sales - Marketing
Ben Sutherland's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Power Integrations, Inc's Lead411 profile and other Power Integrations, Inc email addresses with the @power.com domain format.  He is part of Power Integrations, Inc where he serves as the Vice President Worldwide Sales.  Power Integrations, Inc's main office is set in San Jose, CA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Semiconductors category.  Some possible email formats for Ben Sutherland are BSutherland@power.com, Ben.Sutherland@power.com, Ben@power.com, and Ben_Sutherland@power.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@power.com addresses.
Mike Matthews - Executive
Power Integrations, Inc's VP of Product Planning is where Mike Matthews is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Balu Balakrishnan. They are based in San Jose, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Semiconductors industry. Mike Matthews's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Power Integrations, Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @power.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Mike Matthews are MMatthews@power.com, Mike.Matthews@power.com, Mike@power.com, and Mike_Matthews@power.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@power.com addresses.

People Directory > Balu Balakrishnan



















	
        Compensation Information for Balu  Balakrishnan , President and Chief Executive Officer of POWER INTEGRATIONS INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Balu  Balakrishnan 
Executive Compensation
As President and Chief Executive Officer at POWER INTEGRATIONS INC, Balu  Balakrishnan  made $3,810,373 in total compensation.  Of this total $557,462 was received as a salary, $10,000 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $3,233,135 was awarded as stock and $9,776 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Balu  Balakrishnan ,  President and Chief Executive Officer at POWER INTEGRATIONS INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. POWER INTEGRATIONS INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. POWER INTEGRATIONS INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Sandeep  Nayyar 
Radu  Barsan 
Clifford  Walker 
Raja  Petrakian 







Balu  Balakrishnan 


Base Pay$557,462
Bonus + Incentive Comp$10,000
Total Cash Compensation$567,462


Stock Award Value$3,233,135
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$3,233,135



Total Other$9,776



Total Compensation$3,810,373




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 





Balu Balakrishnan - Patents







 


  FREE patent keyword monitoring and additional FREE benefits.  REGISTER now for FREE 
 




    

















  



Browse Inventors:
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z






    SEARCH FreshPatents:   
  | Online Background Check



Balu Balakrishnan patentsRecent bibliographic sampling of Balu Balakrishnan patents listed/published in the public domain by the USPTO (USPTO Patent Application #,Title): 03/16/17 - 20170077824 - Method and apparatus for sensing multiple voltage values from a single terminal of a power converter controllerA method for regulating an output of a power converter includes receiving a signal at a single terminal of an integrated circuit controller. The signal at the single terminal represents a line input voltage of the power converter during at least a portion of an on time of a power... Inventors: Alex B. Djenguerian, Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)08/18/16 - 20160240489 - Noise cancellation for a magnetically coupled communication link utilizing a lead frameAn integrated circuit package includes an encapsulation and a lead frame with a portion of the lead frame disposed within the encapsulation. The lead frame includes first and second conductive loops. A first voltage is induced between first and second ends of the first conductive loop in response to an... Inventors: David Kung, David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)08/11/16 - 20160233774 - Magnetically coupled galvanically isolated communication using lead frameAn integrated circuit package includes an electromagnetic communication link formed by a portion of a lead frame within an encapsulation. The lead frame includes a first conductor forming a first conductive loop a second conductor forming a second conductive loop galvanically isolated from the first conductive loop. The second conductive... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)04/21/16 - 20160111961 - Output-side controller with switching request at relaxation ring extremumA control circuit for use in an isolated power converter includes an output-side first controller having a switch control signal generator and an extremum locator. The switch control signal generator communicates a control signal to a second controller on the input side of the power converter via an isolated interface... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Michael Hugh Matthews, Vikram Balakrishnan, Roland Sylvere Saint-pierre, Zhao-jun Wang, Giao Minh Pham, Qing Mcintosh (Power Integrations, Inc.)03/24/16 - 20160087539 - Switched mode power converter controller with ramp time modulationA controller for use in a power converter includes a drive circuit coupled to generate a drive signal to control switching of a power switch to control a transfer of energy from a power converter input to a power converter output. An input for receiving an enable signal including enable... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Roland Sylvere Saint-pierre, Giao Minh Pham, Lance M. Wong (Power Integrations, Inc.)02/04/16 - 20160036333 - Method and apparatus for sensing multiple voltage values from a single terminal of a power converter controllerA controller includes a switching control coupled to switch a power switch of a power converter to regulate an output of the power converter. A sensor is coupled to receive a signal from a single terminal of the controller. The signal from the single terminal is representative of a line... Inventors: Alex B. Djenguerian, Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)01/14/16 - 20160013723 - Power converter using multiple controllersA power converter controller includes a primary controller and a secondary controller. The primary controller is coupled to receive one or more request signals from the secondary controller and transition a power switch from an OFF state to an ON state in response to the received request signals. The secondary... Inventors: David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan, David Kung (Power Integrations, Inc.)12/24/15 - 20150372604 - Techniques for controlling a power converter using multiple controllersA power converter controller includes a primary controller coupled to operate in a first mode to control a power switch with a primary switching pattern. A secondary controller is galvanically isolated from the primary controller. The secondary controller is coupled to initiate a transition operation with the primary controller to... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian, Sheng Liu (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/10/15 - 20150256059 - Method and apparatus for implementing a power converter input terminal voltage discharge circuitA circuit for use in a power converter includes a control circuit coupled to detect whether an electrical energy source is coupled to an input of the power converter. A switch is coupled to the control circuit, and is coupled to transfer energy from the input of the power converter... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Kung, Raymond Kenneth Orr, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)08/06/15 - 20150221583 - Magnetically coupled galvanically isolated communication using lead frameAn integrated circuit package includes an encapsulation and a lead frame. A portion of the lead frame is disposed within the encapsulation. The lead frame includes a first conductor forming a first conductive loop. A second conductor is galvanically isolated from the first conductor. The second conductor forms a second... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)07/30/15 - 20150214849 - Power converter output voltage clamp and supply terminalA secondary control circuit includes a voltage regulator circuit coupled to an output of the power converter to provide a regulated power supply. One or more switched loads are coupled between a first terminal and an output ground terminal. The first terminal is coupled to the output of the power... Inventors: David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian (Power Integrations, Inc.)06/11/15 - 20150162272 - Switch mode power converters using magnetically coupled galvanically isolated lead frame communicationAn integrated circuit package for use in a switch mode power converter includes a portion of a lead frame disposed within an encapsulation. The lead frame includes a first conductor having an inner conductive loop disposed within the encapsulation, and a second conductor galvanically isolated from the first conductor having... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)11/06/14 - 20140327108 - Noise cancellation for a magnetically coupled communication link utilizing a lead frameAn integrated circuit package includes an encapsulation and a lead frame with a portion of the lead frame disposed within the encapsulation. The lead frame includes a first conductor having a first conductive loop and a third conductive loop disposed within the encapsulation. The third conductive loop is wound in... Inventors: David Kung, David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan 10/16/14 - 20140307479 - Method and apparatus for sensing multiple voltage values from a single terminal of a power converter controllerA controller for use in a power converter includes a switching control and a sensor. The switching control generates a first signal to control switching of a power switch between a first state and a second state. The sensor receives a second signal from a single terminal of the controller... Inventors: Alex B. Djenguerian, Balu Balakrishnan 09/18/14 - 20140268938 - Ac voltage sensor with low power consumptionA power converter controller includes an input sense circuit to receive an input sense signal representative of an input of a power converter. A zero-crossing detector is coupled to the input sense circuit to be responsive to the input sense signal falling below a first zero-crossing threshold and rising above... Inventors: David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan, Zhao-jun Wang 09/18/14 - 20140268922 - Switched mode power converter controller with ramp time modulationA controller for use in a power converter includes a drive circuit coupled to generate a drive signal to control switching of a power switch to control a transfer of energy from a power converter input to a power converter output. The controller also includes an input for receiving an... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Roland Sylvere Saint-pierre, Giao Minh Pham, Lance M. Wong (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/18/14 - 20140265896 - Light driver control systemA system for controlling a light source includes a control circuit to be coupled to an ac source to receive an ac signal. The control circuit includes an input controller coupled to receive an input control signal and dimming command circuitry coupled to the input controller and coupled to receive... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/11/14 - 20140254214 - Techniques for controlling a power converter using multiple controllersA power converter controller includes a primary controller that is galvanically isolated from a secondary controller. The primary controller controls a state of a power switch during a first mode of operation according to a switching pattern defined by the primary controller. During a second mode of operation, the primary... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian, Sheng Liu (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/11/14 - 20140254213 - Power converter output voltage clamp and supply terminalA secondary control circuit includes a voltage regulator circuit to be coupled to an output of a power converter to provide a regulated power supply. One or more switched loads is coupled between a first terminal to be coupled to the output of the power converter and an output ground... Inventors: David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/11/14 - 20140254212 - Power converter using multiple controllersA power converter controller includes a primary controller and a secondary controller. The primary controller is coupled to receive one or more request signals from the secondary controller and transition a power switch from an OFF state to an ON state in response to each of the received request signals.... Inventors: David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan, David Kung (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/11/14 - 20140254202 - Low threshold voltage comparatorA voltage comparator includes an amplifier coupled to receive an input signal at an amplifier input and generate an output signal at an amplifier output in response to the input signal. The amplifier includes a current generation circuit coupled to generate a first current flowing through a first branch and... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian, Leif Lund (Power Integrations, Inc.)06/05/14 - 20140153297 - Power supply controller with input voltage compensation for efficiency and maximum power outputAn apparatus includes an ON/OFF controller for regulating an output of a switched mode power supply by selectively enabling current conduction by a power switch within enabled switching cycles and disabling current conduction by the power switch within disabled switching cycles. The controller includes a logic block and a time-to-frequency... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian, Leif Lund (Power Integrations, Inc.)05/22/14 - 20140140115 - Monolithic ac/dc converter for generating dc supply voltageAn integrated circuit (IC) comprises a rectifier/regulator circuit coupled to receive an ac source voltage and output a regulated dc voltage. The rectifier/regulator circuit includes first and second switching elements that provide charging current when enabled. The first and second switching elements do not provide charging current when disabled. A... Inventors: David Kung, Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)05/15/14 - 20140134966 - Noise cancellation for a magnetically coupled communication link utilizing a lead frameAn integrated circuit package includes an encapsulation and lead frame with a portion of the lead frame disposed within the encapsulation. The lead frame includes a first conductor formed in the lead frame having a first conductive loop and a third conductive loop disposed substantially within the encapsulation. A second... Inventors: David Kung, David Michael Hugh Matthews, Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)05/15/14 - 20140133186 - Switch mode power converters using magnetically coupled galvanically isolated lead frame communicationAn integrated circuit package for use in a switch mode power converter comprises an encapsulation and a lead frame. A portion of the lead frame is disposed within the encapsulation. The lead frame includes a first conductor having a first conductive loop disposed substantially within the encapsulation. The lead frame... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)05/15/14 - 20140131843 - Magnetically coupled galvanically isolated communication using lead frameAn integrated circuit package includes an encapsulation and a lead frame. A portion of the lead frame is disposed within encapsulation. The lead frame includes a first conductor having a first conductive loop disposed substantially within the encapsulation. The lead frame also includes a second conductor that is galvanically isolated... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)04/10/14 - 20140097803 - Method and apparatus for implementing a power converter input terminal voltage discharge circuitA circuit includes a control circuit coupled to detect whether an electrical energy source is coupled to an input of a power converter. A switch is coupled to the control circuit to transfer energy from the input of the power converter to an output of the power converter during a... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Kung, Raymond Kenneth Orr, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)02/06/14 - 20140036551 - Method and apparatus for on/off control of a power converterA power converter includes an energy transfer element coupled between a power converter input and a power converter output. A power switch is coupled to the energy transfer element and the power converter input. A feedback sampling circuit is coupled to receive a feedback signal representative of the power converter... Inventors: Alex B. Djenguerian, Balu Balakrishnan, Erdem Bircan, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)12/19/13 - 20130336020 - Method and apparatus to reduce audio frequencies in a switching power supplyAn example power supply regulator includes an energy transfer element, a switch, and a controller. The controller includes a switch signal generator, a modulation circuit, and a multi-cycle modulator circuit. The modulation circuit modulates the period of a modulation switching signal when an equivalent switching frequency is greater than a... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Arthur B. Odell (Power Integrations, Inc.)07/04/13 - 20130170251 - Method and apparatus for sensing multiple voltage values from a single terminal of a power converter controllerA controller for use in a power converter includes a sensor coupled to receive a signal from a single terminal of the controller. The signal from the single terminal represents an output voltage of the power converter during at least a portion of an off time of a power switch... Inventors: Alex B. Djenguerian, Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)05/16/13 - 20130121035 - Ultra low standby consumption in a high power power converterA power converter includes a dc input having first and second terminals. A main converter is coupled to the first terminal of the dc input. A standby circuit coupled to the second terminal of the dc input and the main converter. The main converter is coupled to control a transfer... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, David Michael Hugh Matthews (Power Integrations, Inc.)03/21/13 - 20130069555 - Dimmer-disabled led driverAn integrated circuit controller for use in a light emitting diode (LED) driver includes a comparator, an input signal absence timer and a regulator circuit. The comparator receives a first voltage representative of an ac input signal and compares the first voltage with a reference voltage. The input signal absence... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan 12/20/12 - 20120319744 - Method and apparatus for simplifying the control of a switchA half bridge converter includes a transformer with a high side switch coupled between a first input terminal and a primary winding of the transformer. A low side switch is coupled between a second input terminal and the primary winding. A first control circuit is coupled to the first input... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)11/08/12 - 20120280670 - Off-line converter with digital controlA power converter includes an input and an output. A regulation circuit is coupled between the power converter input and the power converter output. The regulation circuit is coupled to receive a feedback signal representative of the power converter output. The feedback signal has a first feedback state that represents... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian, Leif O. Lund (Power Integrations, Inc.)11/01/12 - 20120273944 - Power semiconductor package with bottom surface protrusionsA package includes a body that encapsulates a semiconductor die, the body having a first pair of opposing lateral sides, a second pair of opposing lateral sides, a top, and a bottom. The bottom has a primary surface and a plurality of protrusions that extend outward from the primary surface.... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Brad L. Hawthorne, Stefan Bäurle (Power Integrations, Inc.)10/04/12 - 20120250368 - Power supply controller with input voltage compensation for efficiency and maximum power outputA controller for regulating an output of a power supply includes a logic block and an oscillator. The logic block generates the drive signal to control switching of a power switch in response to a clock signal. The clock signal has a frequency that decreases responsive to a time period... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Alex B. Djenguerian, Leif Lund (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/27/12 - 20120246495 - Method and apparatus to authenticate a power supplyA power bus monitor for use in an electronic product is coupled to receive power from an external power supply. The power bus monitor includes a signal detector coupled to an output of the external power supply to receive and demodulate information encoded on the output of the external power... Inventors: Douglas John Bailey, Balu Balakrishnan (Power Integrations, Inc.)09/06/12 - 20120224399 - Method and apparatus to reduce audio frequencies in a switching power supplyAn example controller for use in a power supply regulator includes a switch signal generator, a modulation circuit, and a multi-cycle modulator circuit. The modulation circuit modulates the period of a modulation switching signal when an equivalent switching frequency is greater than a reference frequency and fixes the switching period... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Arthur B. Odell (Power Integrations, Inc.)08/16/12 - 20120206842 - Fault condition protectionA switched mode power supply includes a transformer and an integrated circuit regulator. The integrated circuit regulator is coupled to the transformer and includes switching regulator logic, a counter, and a switching transistor. The regulator logic generates a switching signal in response to the feedback signal. The counter receives the... Inventors: Balu Balakrishnan, Alex Djenguerian, Leif Lund (Power Integrations, Inc.)05/03/12 - 20120105018 - Method and apparatus for implementing a power converter input terminal voltage discharge circuitA switch is coupled to a control circuit and to an input of a power converter. The control circuit is coupled to drive the switch in a first operating mode to transfer energy from the input to an output of the power converter when an electrical energy source is coupled...  04/05/12 - 20120081098 - Method and apparatus for simplifying the control of a switchA circuit for use in a half bridge converter includes a high side switch coupled between a positive input terminal and a first terminal of a primary transformer winding. A low side switch is coupled between a negative input terminal and the first terminal. A first control circuit is coupled...  02/16/12 - 20120039097 - Method and apparatus for sensing multiple voltage values from a single terminal of a power converter controllerAn example controller for a power converter includes a switching control coupled to switch a power switch of the power converter to control a transfer of energy from an input of the power converter to an output of the power converter. A sensor is coupled to sample a single terminal...  02/02/12 - 20120026759 - Ultra low standby consumption in a high power power converterA power converter with low power consumption during a standby operating condition. An example power controller includes a main converter coupled to a dc input of the power converter to control a transfer of energy from the dc input of the power converter to a main output of the power...  01/05/12 - 20120002448 - Method and apparatus for on/off control of a power converterA power converter is disclosed. An example power converter includes an energy transfer element coupled between a power converter input and a power converter output. A power switch is coupled to the energy transfer element and the power converter input. A feedback sampling circuit is coupled to receive a feedback...  01/05/12 - 20120001561 - Dimmer-disabled led driverA controller for use in a light emitting diode (LED) driver is disclosed. An example controller includes an input circuit coupled to receive an ac input signal from an ac source. A dimmer disabler circuit is included and is coupled to be responsive to the input circuit to detect an...  11/24/11 - 20110285374 - Method and apparatus for maintaining a constant load current with line voltage in a switch mode power supplyA method and apparatus of reducing peak current variation with changing input line voltage in a switch mode power supply is disclosed. An example method includes sensing a current through a switching device of the switch mode power supply. A variable current limit threshold is generated, which increases from a...  09/22/11 - 20110228568 - Off-line converter with digital controlA circuit for regulating the level at a power converter output is disclosed. An example circuit includes an input for receiving a feedback signal. The feedback signal has a first feedback state that represents a level that is above a threshold level and a second feedback state that represents a...  09/01/11 - 20110211373 - Method and apparatus to reduce audio frequencies in a switching power supplyAn example controller for use in a power supply regulator includes a switch signal generator, a modulation circuit, and a multi-cycle modulator circuit. The modulation circuit modulates the duty cycle of a pulse width modulated switching signal to provide a fixed peak switching current in the switch during light load...  08/04/11 - 20110188274 - Fault condition protectionA regulator for a switched mode power supply includes switching regulator logic, a counter and a switching transistor. The switching regulator logic is coupled to receive a feedback signal and to generate a switching signal in response. The feedback signal periodically cycles between a first state and a second state...  05/12/11 - 20110108963 - Package for a power semiconductor deviceA package for a semiconductor die includes a die attach pad that provides an attachment surface area for the semiconductor die, and tie bars connected to the die attach pad. The die attach pad is disposed in a first general plane and the tie bars are disposed in a second...  04/14/11 - 20110085360 - Method and apparatus providing a multi-function terminal for a power supply controllerA power supply controller circuit is disclosed. An example power supply controller circuit includes a control circuit coupled to generate a switching waveform to be used to regulate an output of a power supply. A current input circuit is coupled to receive a current representative of an input of the...  04/14/11 - 20110084679 - Method and apparatus providing final test and trimming for a power supply controllerA power supply controller having final test and trim circuitry. In one embodiment, a power supply controller for switched mode power supply includes a selector circuit, a trim circuit, a shutdown circuit and a disable circuit. The trim circuit includes a programmable circuit connection that can be selected by the...  02/03/11 - 20110025288 - Method and apparatus for maintaining a constant load current with line voltage in a switch mode power supplyA power supply regulator including a variable current limit threshold that increases during an on time of a switch. In one aspect, a power supply regulator includes a comparator coupled to receive a signal representative of a current through a switch during an on time of the switch. The comparator...  02/03/11 - 20110025278 - Method and apparatus for implementing a power converter input terminal voltage discharge circuitA circuit to discharge a capacitance between input terminals of a power system is disclosed. An example circuit includes a control circuit coupled to an input of a power system. The control circuit is coupled to detect whether an electrical energy source is coupled to an input of the power...  02/03/11 - 20110024185 - Power semiconductor package with bottom surface protrusionsA package includes a body that encapsulates a semiconductor die, the body having a first pair of opposing lateral sides, a second pair of opposing lateral sides, a top, and a bottom. The bottom has a primary surface and a plurality of protrusions that extend outward from the primary surface....  12/23/10 - 20100321039 - Method and apparatus to select a parameter/mode based on a time measurementAn example integrated control circuit includes a regulator, a first comparator, a second comparator, and a counter. The regulator is to charge, during a time period, a capacitor. The first comparator is to provide an output indicating when a voltage on the capacitor reaches a first threshold voltage. The second...  11/04/10 - 20100277838 - Fault condition protectionA regulator for a switched mode power supply includes switching regulator logic, a counter and a logic gate. The switching regulator logic is coupled to receive a feedback signal and to generate a switching signal in response. The feedback signal periodically cycles between a first state and a second state...  08/12/10 - 20100202175 - Method and apparatus to reduce audio frequencies in a switching power supplyA controller for use in a power supply regulator is disclosed. One controller includes a feedback circuit coupled to generate a feedback current signal that corresponds to a peak switching current in response to a sense signal from a power supply regulator output. A comparator is coupled to compare the...  08/05/10 - 20100194445 - Power supply controller with input voltage compensation for efficiency and maximum power outputA controller for a power supply includes a logic block and a time-to-frequency converter. The logic block is to generate a drive signal in response to a clock signal. The drive signal is to be coupled to control switching of a power switch of the power supply to regulate an...  02/11/10 - 20100033147 - Method and apparatus for maintaining a constant load current with line voltage in a switch mode power supplyA power supply regulator including a variable current limit threshold that increases during an on time of a switch. In one aspect, a power supply regulator includes a comparator that has a first input coupled to sense a voltage representative of a current flowing through a switch during an on...  12/17/09 - 20090310389 - Method and apparatus providing a multi-function terminal for a power supply controllerA method for controlling a power supply is disclosed. An example method includes deactivating the power supply in response to a first current through a first terminal of a power supply controller falling below a first threshold value. The power supply is activated in response to the first current through...  10/08/09 - 20090251121 - Method and apparatus providing final test and trimming for a power supply controllerA power supply controller having final test and trim circuitry. In one embodiment, a power supply controller for switched mode power supply includes a selector circuit, a trim circuit, a shutdown circuit and a disable circuit. The trim circuit includes a programmable circuit connection that can be selected by the...  08/06/09 - 20090195229 - Method and apparatus for reducing audio noise in a switching regulatorA switching regulator utilizing on/off control that reduces audio noise at light loads by adjusting the current limit of the switching regulator. In one embodiment, a switching regulator includes a state machine that adjusts the current limit of the switching regulator based on a pattern of feedback signal values from...  04/16/09 - 20090096072 - Package for a power semiconductor deviceA package for a semiconductor die includes a die attach pad that provides an attachment surface area for the semiconductor die, and tie bars connected to the die attach pad. The die attach pad is disposed in a first general plane and the tie bars are disposed in a second...  04/09/09 - 20090091309 - Off-line converter with digital controlA regulation circuit for use in DC to DC converter is disclosed. One such regulation circuit includes a feedback circuit to be coupled an energy transfer element output to receive a feedback signal to indicate whether the energy transfer element output is above or below a threshold level. A control...  04/02/09 - 20090085615 - Method and apparatus for simplifying the control of a switchA technique for simplifying the control of a switch is presented. In one embodiment, a method of controlling a switch as a function of the voltage across the switch is presented. In one embodiment a method of controlling a switch as a function of the slope of the voltage across...  03/19/09 - 20090073733 - Method and apparatus to reduce audio frequencies in a switching power supplyA controller for use in a power supply regulator is disclosed. One controller includes a feedback circuit coupled to generate an equivalent switching frequency signal in response to a sense signal from a power supply regulator output. A comparator is coupled to compare the equivalent switching frequency signal with a...  
Power Integrations, Inc.Archived* (*May have duplicates - we are upgrading our archive.)
  	20120319744 - Method and apparatus for simplifying the control of a switch ###The bibliographic references displayed about Balu Balakrishnan's patents are for a recent sample of Balu Balakrishnan's publicly published patent applications. The inventor/author may have additional bibliographic citations listed at the USPTO.gov. FreshPatents.com is not associated or affiliated in any way with the author/inventor or the United States Patent/Trademark Office but is providing this non-comprehensive sample listing for educational and research purposes using public bibliographic data published and disseminated from the United States Patent/Trademark Office public datafeed. This information is also available for free on the USPTO.gov website.  If Balu Balakrishnan filed recent patent applications under another name, spelling or location then those applications could be listed on an alternate page. If no bibliographic references are listed here, it is possible there are no recent filings or there is a technical issue with the listing--in that case, we recommend doing a search on the USPTO.gov website. ###Sign up for the FreshPatents.com FREE Keyword Monitor and check for keyword phrases (ie. "RFID" , "wireless", "web development", "fuel cells" etc.)...You will be notified when new patent applications and inventions are published that match your keywords. Also you can save for later research public patent/invention documents using our FREE Organizer. It takes only 30 seconds to sign up or login.Advertise on FreshPatents.com - Rates & Info###Design/code © 2014 FreshContext LLC/Freshpatents.com.Patent data source: patents published by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)Information published here is for research/educational purposes only (and in conjunction with our Keyword Monitor) and is not meant to be used in place of the full USPTO patent document/images or a comprehensive patent archive search. Complete official applications are on file at the USPTO and may contain additional data/images. FreshPatents.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the USPTO or firms/individuals or products/designs/ideas related to listed patents and there may be applicable trademarks or servicemarks within the documents.FreshPatents.com Support - Terms & Conditions



























balakrishnan balunaidu - Bayt.com
















Scroll down to see new things













Log In  Register

EnglishEnglishعربيFrançais






Jobs in Algeria





Jobs in Bahrain





Jobs in Egypt





Jobs in India





Jobs in Iraq





Jobs in Jordan





Jobs in Kuwait





Jobs in Lebanon





Jobs in Libya





Jobs in Morocco





Jobs in Oman





Jobs in Pakistan





Jobs in Qatar





Jobs in Saudi Arabia





Jobs in Sri Lanka





Jobs in Tunisia





Jobs in United Arab Emirates





Jobs in Yemen









Hiring?



Upgrade to Premium
						





Loading...






Menu - [Jump to main content]





My Workspace

Dashboard
My Profile
Messages
Recommendations


Jobs

Find Jobs
Advanced Search
By Job Role
By Sector
By Company
By Location
More...

Search Salaries
My Applications
Find Companies




Specialties

Newsfeed
My Questions
My Answers
My Rank
My Network
Find People


Learning

Learning Home
Bayt.com Blog
Upcoming Events
Career Articles
More...

Career Map
Research Reports
Self Assessment
Podcasts




Professional CVs

Professional CVs
Job Search Strategy Course


 











Jobs



Jobs
Salaries
People
Specialties
Companies
Learning















												Show more												











							- All -						



- All -AlgeriaBahrainDubaiEgyptIndiaIranIraqJordanKuwaitLebanonLibyaMoroccoOmanPakistanQatarSaudi ArabiaSri LankaTunisiaUAEYemen 




 


























 
 






















Maximum upload file size: 3MB. File types allowed: jpg, jpeg, gif only.





Maximum upload file size: 3MB.






Click the above 'Browse' button to select a photo.




< Back to edit your photo
Guidelines

Only upload a photograph of yourself
Photos of children, celebrities, pets, or illustrated cartoon characters will not be approved
Photos containing nudity, gore, or hateful themes are not permissible and may lead to the cancellation of your account
Photos of your passport, ID, or photos containing any personal information such as your address, passport number, or contact details are not permissible for your own security.





Guidelines				



Upload
Cancel









					balakrishnan balunaidu				


				DGM to Addl. Vice President/ Manufacturing			

				Cethar Limited			

Location:

						India					


Education:

						Bachelor's degree, mechanical					


Experience:

						21 years, 9 months					





 Connect	
								
 Request Sent




Message						




More							 



 Share 



								Follow							



								Unfollow							



								Block							



								Report Inappropriate							








Share balakrishnan balunaidu profile


  
 Share on Facebook



  
 Share on Twitter



  
 Share on linkedIn







Share Via Email





 








Profile


Activities


Network


Badges













Work Experience			




What's your work experience? Your experience is one of the most important sections in a CV.
List all relevant responsibilities, skills, projects, and achievements against each role.  If you're a fresh grad, you can add any volunteer work or any internship you've done before.
Add Experience





DGM to Addl. Vice President/ Manufacturing
Cethar Limited

January 2007
To May 2014


India
6         Cethar Limited,  Trichy           DGM to Addl. Vice President/ Manufacturing   (From 2007 to till date)   Factory Incharge for the Boiler Components of 150 MW & above. (Unit-7)   6 years• 26 years of manufacturing experience to execute the Boiler Pressure & Non-Pressure Parts components to Boilers (Drums,  Headers,  Pipings,  Pressure Vessels,  Supporting Structures,  Industrial Fans,  Dampers,  Silencers etc.,  )• To transform Quality Plans / Quality Procedures into the products.• Shop Layout to suit product manufacturing sequence.• Planning,  Scheduling & Controlling.• Sub contracting,  Vendor evaluation & developments.• Conducting proactive meetings to plan and accomplish new products Quality requirements.• Resolving the Labor disputes.• Interaction with inter departments to resolve the issues with respect to the  manufacturing.• Estimation of cost of manufacturing and completion within the budget.• Empowerment and encouraging of the subordinates.• Team building up through motivational approach for safe quality production.• Familiar on Codes / Standards like IBR,  ASME and BS.• Successfully involved in ASME S,  U1 symbol certification audits.• Successfully involved in ISO 9001:2008.• Successfully involved in EMS: 14001 and OHSAS: 18001 certification audits and ensured the implementation of safety in the areas of working.• Training of personnel to impart special skills and up gradation of ability.• Identifying of norms for production in critical work centers to monitor productivity.• Implementation of ERP systems related to manufacturing activities (From Material receipt to completion of the job)PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTSErection & Commissioning:• Erected sub critical boilers ranging from Capacity 25 TPH to 125 TPH in various states which includes erection,  hydro testing and commissioning.• Liaised with Boiler Directorate,  Central Excise,  Sales Taxes and Labor Office in connection with the site fabrication,  Erection & commissioning of Boilers.• Involved in Welders Qualification Tests as per Indian Boiler Regulations - Chapter-XIIIContracts Management:• Co-ordination with Customer and Cethar (Commercial,  Engineering,  Quality Assurance & Control,  Procurement,  Finance,  Legal,  Erection & commissioning groups) and completion of the job as per the P.O.Manufacturing:• Process & Methods for the manufacturing of Condensers,  Pressure Vessels Boilers of various types & capacities of Industrial and Utility Boilers to a maximum capacity of 350 MW.• Erection & Commissioning of Critical Machines like Plate Rolling Machines for Cold and Hot rolling of high thicknesses,  Heat Treating Furnaces,  Saddle Drilling Machines to drill up to 100 mm dia holes drilling,  Pipe Bending Machines for Cold and Hot bending,  Pipe Chamfering Machines,  Band saw cutting Machines to cut P91 and SS materials,  STBW Machines & System Bending Machines for on line coil manufacturing meeting the specified quality requirements.• Involved in the implementation of Narrow Gap Welding in Drum circumferential seams manufactured large size headers for 500 MW capacity boilers and P91 piping (bending & welding of 2000 Tons) to M/s. BHEL.  Also fabricated drums to their Quality requirements.• Fabrication of Boiler drums,  152 mm / SA 299 material specification which were hot rolled and Submerged Arc welded.  These were the first 135 MW fabrications to international Quality,  Subsequently to 180 mm thickness to 350 MW capacity boilers.• Fabrication of Headers using P91 materials.• Fabricated Boiler Components for M/s. Metso oy / Finland to export boilers in Thailand,  Brazil,  China & India.• Fabricated Steam & Feed pipings of 625 Tons to M/s. Koniambo to be erected at New Calidonia as per European norms.  Obtained appreciation from this customer on ON TIME completion.• Fabrication of Shree Cements multi rowed (6 rows) modules for WHRB with the new operation process to minimal distortion.• Developed Engineers and Supervisors to take up the new jobs for M/s. BHEL like Drums,  Headers,  Piping and Coils with T91 material.• Successful fabrication of Aryan Coal 135 MW boiler columns in Unit-7.Recent Achievements:• Elimination of inside surface scale formation during Normalizing Heat treatment of Alloy steel Pipe Bends (SA335 P11,  P22 & P91) by simple Nitrogen Purging.Administrative skills:• Managed different type of personnel from our state and other states around 2000 workers and 250 staff.• Produced maximum 2500 tons per month pressure parts and 200 tons non pressure part components - fans and ducting.• Managed shops of covered area 20 acres,  three buildings with 13 bays.• Experienced in liaisoning the statutory and third party inspectors like IBR,  Lloyds,  TPL,  Metso,  TUV,  BV,  BHEL etc.• Co-ordinated with the statutory Authorities - Inspector of Factories,  Electrical Inspectorates,  Customs,  Central Excise dept.,  Pollution and Explosives agencies and other Labour office officials.• Developed the skill of managing the financial aspects of Production function through monthly P & L (Profit & Loss) statements.Vision of achievement in future:With Strong leadership Quality,  aim to lead reputed Company's profit centre.In general,  possessing high level of energy,  enthusiastic and healthy to take up challenge assignments as if a entrepreneur.DECLARATIONI hereby declare that the above informations are true in my knowledge.Place: Date: (B. BALAKRISHNAN)


DGM / Contracts Management
Cethar Limited

January 2005
To January 2006


India
5         Cethar Limited,  Trichy           DGM / Contracts Management   (From 2005 to 2006)   Contracts Management functions Incharge of Chattisgarh & Maharashtra States.   2 years


General Manager / Manufacturing
Pipe lines and Process Equipments (P) Ltd

January 1995
To January 1998


India
2         Pipe lines and Process Equipments (P) Ltd,  Trichy (A sister concern of Cethar)   General Manager / Manufacturing   (From 1995 to 1998)   Factory Incharge   4 years3         Cethar Limited,  Trichy           AGM / Material Planning (In 1999)   Materials Procurement Planning & Inventory Control   1 year4         Cethar Limited,  Trichy           AGM / Erection & Commissioning   (From 2000 to 2004)   Regional Project Incharge of Cethar Boilers in Chattisgarh & Maharashtra.   5 years


Engineer to Manager / Manufacturing
Cethar Vessels Limited

January 1987
To January 1994


India
1         Cethar Vessels Limited,  Trichy   Engineer to Manager / Manufacturing   (From 1987 to 1994)   Incharge of Production function including Stores & Outsourcing   8 years





Extra years of experience not listed above: 
None  




Extra years of experience not listed above







0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
 Years										
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
 Months									















Education					




What's your educational background?
Let employers know more about your education; remember, be clear and concise.
Add Education







Bachelor's degree, mechanical
at govt college of engg,  salem
India - Chennai

July 1986

















			Specialties & Skills		



AUDITS



0

								+ Endorse							






BAND SAW



0

								+ Endorse							






BOILER



0

								+ Endorse							






BOILERS



0

								+ Endorse							






BUDGET



0

								+ Endorse							






COIL



0

								+ Endorse							






COLUMNS



0

								+ Endorse							






CONTRACTS



0

								+ Endorse							






ERP



0

								+ Endorse							






ESTIMATION



0

								+ Endorse							








Languages			





Do you speak more than one language?

For some jobs, fluency in one or more foreign languages is a plus, so add your language skills to get better results.

Add Your Languages






Tamil





Level: Beginner														

















 

People Also Viewed
  







Jeric Reyes
Senior Procurement Engineer
Al Arrab Contracting Company










Hamad Al Shbrain
General Manager – Research and Development ,  NIPRAS
TASNEE Petrochemicals










mohammed kishta
HR & Finance coordinator
Mena Scope 










RADU Covalciuc
Electrical Supervisor
Airvent Systems










SOHEL ALI MANDAL
GRADUATE ENGINEER TRAINEE
EVEREST INDUSTRIES LIMITED





 




























		Share on Facebook	



		Tweet	



		Share on linkedIn	
















Find Jobs

Jobs in Abu Dhabi
Jobs in Dubai
Jobs in Algeria
Jobs in Bahrain
Jobs in Egypt
Jobs in India
Jobs in Iraq
Jobs in Jordan
Jobs in Kuwait
Jobs in Lebanon
Jobs in Libya
Jobs in Morocco
Jobs in Oman
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Qatar
Jobs in Saudi Arabia
Jobs in Sri Lanka
Jobs in Tunisia
Jobs in UAE
Jobs in Yemen




About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.  Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.













Company

About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Press Corner
Advertise With Us
Community Service



Quick Links

Mobile
Blog
Help
Affiliate Program
Never Miss an Email





© 2000-2017 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.				Terms of Use
				- Privacy Statement


العربيةFrançais 


Send Feedback















OK
Cancel







Loading...


Loading...








 