 




Wealth Management | Ballentine Partners












































Skip to content




LOGIN













Dedicated to serving private investors
			
like you and your family




Who Are We?

Ballentine Partners is an independent wealth management firm providing comprehensive investment and family office services to wealthy families and entrepreneurs.
We do not sell products or accept commission income. We serve as our clients’ advocates. We work only for our clients.
Our firm was one of the first to deliver independent, objective, and comprehensive financial advice for wealthy families 30 years ago, and we continue to be a thought leader in the field.  Read more about how we got started.

How we can help you



Other Resources

News & PressInvestment ThinkingWhite PapersTH!NK ForumsNewslettersRaised Healthy, Wealthy and WiseAt a certain level of wealth, money makes parenting harder, not easier. Raised Healthy, Wealthy & Wise breaks new ground in the field of raising children amid wealth by hearing from the success stories.

Read More  




Site Navigation
Our Approach
Overview
What Makes Us Different
What You Can Expect From Us
Code of Ethics
What We Do
Overview
Investing
Wealth Planning
Services for Single Family Offices
Our Team
Our Story
Leadership Team
Our Team Structure
Our People
Client Stories
Introduction
CEO of a Public Company
Sale of a Company
Inherited Wealth
Solution Snapshots
Our Thinking
News & Press
Investment Thinking
Investment Insights
White Papers
TH!NK Forums
Newsletters
Contact Us
Getting Started
Careers
Investment Offerings
 

			FOR DETAILS OF HOW ANY SURVEYS REFERENCED ABOVE WERE CONSTRUCTED, PLEASE REFER TO OUR DETAILED DISCLOSURES IN EACH LISTING. THE SURVEYS DO NOT IMPLY ANYTHING ABOUT A PARTICULAR CLIENT'S EXPERIENCE OR INVESTMENT RESULTS WITH BALLENTINE PARTNERS.
		© copyright 2017 Ballentine Partners

			






















 




Contact Us | Ballentine Partners












































Skip to content




LOGIN















Getting Started
If you would like to learn more or speak with a member of our team about working with us, please email info@ballentinepartners.com or call our offices to speak with one of our Senior Client Advisors.
Headquarters | Boston Area
230 3rd Ave Fl 6, Waltham, MA  02451, 781-314-1300
Directions to our Boston area headquarters
Ballentine Partners| North
PO Box 1860 | 55 Mill St, Wolfeboro, NH  03894, 603-569-1717
Directions to our New Hampshire office
Ballentine Partners| South
3507 Kyoto Gardens Dr Ste 320, Palm Beach Gardens, FL  33410, 561-508-4500
Directions to our Florida Office


Careers
If you are seeking a career in private wealth management, please contact us. To succeed at Ballentine Partners you need excellent problem-solving skills, communication skills, project management skills, attention to accuracy, integrity, and high emotional intelligence. Prior experience in private wealth management or a related field is a plus, but not essential.
Senior members of the firm come from diverse backgrounds, including investment management, corporate strategy consulting, corporate finance, family business experience, and public accounting.
The primary career paths within our company are: (1) investment analysis and management, and (2) financial planning and wealth management.
To learn more about how we create career paths, please see the article Pipeline to Empowerment. To view our current openings and apply please visit our Career Portal.


Investment Offerings
We are always interested in reviewing information on investment offerings to determine if they are appropriate for our clients. If you would like us to learn more about your firm or offerings, please send information by email at investments@ballentinepartners.com to our investment team.






Site Navigation
Our Approach
Overview
What Makes Us Different
What You Can Expect From Us
Code of Ethics
What We Do
Overview
Investing
Wealth Planning
Services for Single Family Offices
Our Team
Our Story
Leadership Team
Our Team Structure
Our People
Client Stories
Introduction
CEO of a Public Company
Sale of a Company
Inherited Wealth
Solution Snapshots
Our Thinking
News & Press
Investment Thinking
Investment Insights
White Papers
TH!NK Forums
Newsletters
Contact Us
Getting Started
Careers
Investment Offerings
 

			FOR DETAILS OF HOW ANY SURVEYS REFERENCED ABOVE WERE CONSTRUCTED, PLEASE REFER TO OUR DETAILED DISCLOSURES IN EACH LISTING. THE SURVEYS DO NOT IMPLY ANYTHING ABOUT A PARTICULAR CLIENT'S EXPERIENCE OR INVESTMENT RESULTS WITH BALLENTINE PARTNERS.
		© copyright 2017 Ballentine Partners

			






















 




Our Team | Ballentine Partners













































Skip to content




LOGIN














Our Story
Ballentine Partners LLC traces its roots to Roy Ballentine’s personal experience with wealth management in the aftermath of his father’s death in 1984. 
I grew up in a family business environment. When my father died in the early 1980s, I knew nothing about wealth management. During the estate settlement process, I learned the hard way about the challenges of managing wealth. I found that our family advisors thought in silos, with little or no coordination. They expertly answered the questions we posed, but it was up to us to identify opportunities and problems. There had to be a better way. After the estate was settled, I chose to change careers. I set out to offer a more comprehensive solution. Ballentine Partners is the culmination of that process.
Roy Ballentine

Learn more about our successful leadership succession plan.


Leadership




Roy C. Ballentine, CLU, ChFC, CFP®                        Executive Chairman & Founder




Roy is the Executive Chairman and Founder of the firm. Roy dedicates his time to thought leadership, strategic oversight of client engagements, and coaching and training our team members.
Roy graduated from Yale University with a B.A. and an M.S. He is a Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU), Chartered Financial Consultant (ChFC), and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. He has practiced as a fee-only financial advisor since 1984. Roy has been named repeatedly by Worth Magazine as one of the top 100 financial advisors in the United States.
Roy has served for many years on the Board of Trustees of Brewster Academy, a private secondary school located in the heart of Wolfeboro, NH. He is currently serving as the Chairman of the Board and Chair of the Investment Committee. Roy serves as a Trustee of the Wolfeboro Area Children’s Center in Wolfeboro, NH. Roy is a member of the statewide Board of Directors of the New Hampshire Charitable Foundation and serves on the Investment Committee.
Roy is an enthusiastic sailor, skier, and mountaineer. He has participated in several first ski descents of mountains above the Arctic Circle and has hiked, skied, and climbed extensively in the western US and Canada. He and his wife Sandy have two children and live in Wolfeboro, NH.
When my father died in the early 1980s, I knew nothing about wealth management. During the estate settlement process I learned the hard way about the challenges of managing wealth, balancing family needs, individual member wishes, good stewardship, and conservation and preservation of wealth in a difficult investment environment. I found that our family advisors thought in silos, with little or no coordination. They expertly answered the questions we posed, but it was up to us to integrate the answers and to identify opportunities or problems. This did not make sense to me. There had to be a better way.
After the estate was settled, I chose to change careers. Convinced that there was a better way to address the demanding requirements of family wealth, I set out to offer a more comprehensive solution. Ballentine Partners is the culmination of that process.
 




Drew McMorrow, MBA, CFP®                        President & CEO




Drew is President & CEO of the firm and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the company. He also continues to consult with families on all aspects of their financial lives. In addition to advising on the more traditional areas of wealth management, including investment, estate, insurance, tax and philanthropic planning, Drew leverages his consulting background to help families with their direct ventures and real estate opportunities. He also has a specialized expertise in helping families build and realize a vision for their foundation, integrating its planning with the family’s values, and helping his clients generate a sense of reward and accomplishment from their philanthropy.
Prior to joining the firm in 2002, Drew worked at Mercer Management Consulting, where he advised technology companies on their strategic plans. Earlier in his career, Drew was the Director of Business Operations at Oracle Corporation, where he directed financial and business analysis for procurement and distribution operations. Drew started his career at the Congressional Budget Office as an Analyst in the Tax Analysis Division.
Drew received an MBA from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Brown University, with dual majors in Economics and International Relations. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. In March of 2009, Drew was recognized by the Family Wealth Alliance as a “40minus Leader of 2009.” Drew has also been named four times to Barron’s Top 100 list of Independent Financial Advisors nationally, which Barron’s calls “America’s best.”
Outside of work, Drew is an avid swimmer who enjoys competing in long-distance open water swimming races. As the father of three, Drew volunteers as a director of local softball programs and as a softball and baseball coach for his children’s teams. Drew and his family live in Carlisle, MA.
 




Will Braman                        Partner & Chief Investment Officer




Will is a Partner, Senior Investment Advisor, and Chief Investment Officer at the firm. He is responsible for leading the investment team and managing the investment process.
Will has over 35 years of experience in investment management, and more than 25 years in executive leadership roles within asset management companies. Before joining Ballentine, Will was the CEO of the Americas for Fortis Investments until its acquisition by BNP Paribas, where he led a team of 130 professionals in Fortis’ expansion into North and South America. Prior to that, Will served as the Chief Investment Officer for John Hancock Advisers & Funds, where he managed the managers and analysts responsible for more than $30B in assets. Will also spent nearly 20 years with Baring Asset Management, where he rose to the position of CIO in London, after a long tenure as the head of the Boston-based investment team. Will began his career at Bank of Boston as an equity and credit analyst.
Will earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Bucknell University where he was active in the student government as Treasurer and in the administration as a member of the Finance Committee.
Will is an avid skier and traveler, passions shared by his wife and two daughters. Will currently serves on the Investment Committee for the Meadowbrook School of Weston.
 




Coventry Edwards-Pitt, CFA, CFP®                        Partner & Chief Wealth Advisory Officer




Covie is a Partner and the Chief Wealth Advisory Officer at the firm.  In her role, Covie is responsible for thought leadership for the firm, including the development and management of the firm’s family education, family governance, and philanthropic offerings.  Covie also leads several of the firm’s large family client engagements and manages all aspects of her clients’ financial affairs, including their investment portfolios, tax and estate planning, insurance needs, philanthropic planning, and liquidity planning.  Covie specializes in helping her clients to manage the impact of their wealth and ensure that their comprehensive wealth management strategy reflects their families’ values and goals.
Covie is also the author of the book “Raised Healthy, Wealthy & Wise: Lessons from successful and grounded inheritors on how they got that way,” for which she interviewed inheritors who went on to lead productive, motivated, and independent lives and summarized the key messages that work when raising children amid wealth.  Since the book’s publication in 2014, Covie has been a featured speaker at over 70 events for wealth-owning families and their advisors.  She particularly enjoys sharing the messages and stories from the book and seeing how they inspire families to make changes to put the lessons into practice in their own lives.
Covie has been recognized by Private Asset Management as one of “The 50 Most Influential Women in Private Wealth” in their May 2015 issue.  Additionally, for three consecutive years, 2008-2011 (the last year of the award), she was named one of the “Top 50 Women in Wealth Management” by Wealth Manager/AdvisorOne.com and was selected to the Boston Business Journal’s “40 Under 40” list in 2011.  Covie has been quoted widely, including in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and Investment News.
Prior to joining the firm in 2004, Covie consulted to financial advisory firms on manager evaluation, investment research, and marketing strategy through her own firm, Chauncy Street Consulting, LLC.  Covie started her career at Goldman Sachs. There she was Chief of Staff of Goldman Sachs’ Global Manager Strategies investment group, where she helped develop systems for manager searches in eleven asset classes.  Before serving as Chief of Staff, Covie specialized in evaluating international equity managers in emerging markets.
Covie is also a trained opera singer and pianist and serves on the board of Emmanuel Music in Boston.  She is a member of the Women’s Presidents’ Organization as well as the Collaboration for Family Flourishing, a community of professionals and family members devoted to helping families flourish across multiple generations of wealth.
 




Anja Saloranta, MBA                        Chief Operating Officer




Anja is the Chief Operating Officer of the firm.  She works with the CEO in the management of the company and leads strategic initiatives.
Anja has nearly 15 years of experience in investment management.  Prior to joining Ballentine in 2016, she worked at Redstar Ventures, a venture foundry, where she helped the firm launch and incubate one company per year. Prior to that, Anja was a Director and Portfolio Manager at SCS Financial, where she advised families on all aspects of their financial lives and led the firm’s impact investing practice.  Anja started her career in venture capital and private equity, holding investment professional positions at North Atlantic Capital, Capital Resource Partners and MissionPoint Capital Partners.
Anja received an MBA from Harvard Business School and earned her BS with honors from the University of Maine with dual majors in Business and French.
Outside of work, Anja is a dedicated yoga practitioner, and nature lover.  She and her fiancé live in Belmont, MA with their shaggy dog, Tuuli.
 




Claudia J. Shilo, MPASsm, CFP®, CPA, PFS                        Partner & Chief Financial Officer




Claudia is a Partner, Senior Client Advisor, and Chief Financial Officer at the firm.
Claudia has a Master of Science in Financial Planning (MSFP) from the College of Financial Planning and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from LeMoyne College. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and Certified Public Accountant who is qualified to use the Personal Financial Specialist designation (CPA/PFS). Claudia also holds a Master Planner Advanced StudiesSM designation (MPASSM).
Claudia brings an intimate knowledge of SEC reporting and business systems to her clients, many of whom are CEO’s and executives at public companies.  Prior to joining the firm in 2000, Claudia was the Vice President of Finance and Control for two of the largest divisions of Agway, Inc.  Prior to that, she owned and managed an accounting practice which serviced individual and corporate clients in the Syracuse, NY area.  Claudia started her accounting/auditing career at Coopers & Lybrand in Syracuse, where she worked primarily on audits of large SEC clients.
Claudia serves on the board of the Financial Planning Association – Northern New England and as Chair on the board of the Great Waters Music Festival. Claudia is also actively involved a number of other nonprofits, including the New Hampshire Lake Host program which assists local groups dedicated to protecting New Hampshire’s lakes and watersheds.
 
 


Team Structure





Find a team member by name: 

Roy C. BallentineWill BramanThomas W. BullittGiovanna F. CaseyChristopher C. ChandlerCal E. ChicoineMichael P. ChimentoTaryn M. DawsonJayson S. DeAngelisJennifer Dowling DoughertyAndrea C. DubucJennifer M. EatonCoventry Edwards-PittAlex FebonioAnn B. FisherElaine R. GillimSteven GoldmanSam GoughAndrew HackerDavid HansonMichelle S. HarrisonJohn HealyStephen H. HopkinsBrian C. KelleherTyler LambertSheila C. LawrenceSarah E. LuddenStephen A. MartoneRyan R. McManusDrew McMorrowJuan MejiaJake NorthrupAdam OchlisErik A. PalmasonAustin M. PoirierJeff PotterAnja SalorantaKyle J. SchafferClaudia J. ShiloBruce D. SimonChristian StahlmanMaggie SullivanSamuel ThayerWill TickleJ. Barry TubmanLeah M. WarrenDebra A. WhitneyMorgan WilliamsJulia Zhu 
 ? 
Start typing the name of the person you're trying to find.














			Back to team structure
Senior Client Advisors




Jayson S. DeAngelis, CFP®						        						                Partner, Senior Client Advisor, & Director of Business Development




Jayson is a Partner, Senior Client Advisor, and the Director of Business Development at the firm.

In his role, Jayson leads several of the firm’s largest client engagements and is also responsible for coordinating the business development efforts across the firm. In his work directly with client families, Jayson draws on his experience growing up and working in his own family’s business to help navigate the often complex relationship between family dynamics and the management of wealth.

Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Jayson worked as a Wealth Management Advisor in Merrill Lynch’s Global Private Client group where he built a practice serving over thirty families and focused primarily on the financial planning issues faced by small business owners.

Jayson graduated from George Washington University with a BBA in finance.  He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. Jayson is a member of the CFA Institute and the Boston Security Analyst’s Society.

Jayson is a competitive triathlete and an avid skier.  Jayson and his wife, Elena, live in North Reading, MA with their three daughters.  




Jennifer M. Eaton, JD						        						                Partner & Senior Client Advisor




Jennifer M. Eaton is a Partner and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. Jennifer, along with Christopher C. Chandler, CFA, CAIA, leads the Florida office for the firm. In her work with families, Jennifer draws on her extensive legal knowledge and expertise and wealth planning skills to assist families to define, articulate and achieve their various planning goals. She also enjoys working directly with families on non-estate and tax planning matters and spends significant time working with next generation family members to better prepare them to be good stewards of their family’s wealth.

Prior to joining the firm, Jennifer was a Vice President and Senior Family Wealth Advisor with GenSpring Family Offices for more than nine-years where she worked with wealthy families on a range of subjects including the oversight of tax and estate planning issues, philanthropic endeavors, family governance matters, trusteeship, and coordination of the flow of information with outside professionals.

Jennifer is an active member of the Florida Bar and was an estate and tax planning practitioner and Partner at a boutique law firm in Coral Gables, FL until 2006.  In her legal practice, Jennifer worked with high net worth families to identify and solve for her clients’ unique and often complex estate planning and asset transfer goals and objectives.

Jennifer earned her Juris Doctor from the University of Miami School of Law and attended the University of South Carolina where she received a B.S. in Criminal Justice. Jennifer is a founding member of Impact The Palm Beaches and an active member of the Palm Beach and Martin County Estate Planning Councils. Additionally, she is a member of the Elder Law, Real Property, and Probate and Trust Law sections of the Florida Bar.  




Stephen H. Hopkins, CPA						        						                Shareholder & Senior Client Advisor




Stephen is a Shareholder & Senior Client Advisor at the firm. Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Stephen was the Vice Chairman at Roundtable Investment Partners where he was responsible for delivering strategic advice and planning, investment management, and merchant banking services to some of the firm’s largest and most complex relationships.  Previously, Stephen was Co-Head, President and Chief Operating Officer of Citigroup Asset Management, a global money management firm with over $400 billion in assets under management and served as head of Citigroup’s Private Bank Asset Management Group and led Global Product Management for The Citigroup Private Bank.  In 2005, he led the sale of the Asset Management Division to Legg Mason, Inc. He subsequently joined Legg Mason, Inc. as a Senior Vice President with responsibility for a number of senior level initiatives related to the integration of CAM. Mr. Hopkins was formerly Chief Operating Officer for Asset Management Services at JPMorgan and later joined the Private Bank to launch Morgan’s largest internet venture, Morgan OnLine, the first private bank on the web. He was instrumental in the formation and development of Goldman Sachs Asset Management as a diversified global money management firm where he served as its Chief Financial Officer. Previously he was a Senior Manager in the Capital Markets Practice, at Arthur Andersen & Co.

Stephen served on the Executive Committee and Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute for over a decade. At Citigroup, he served on the board of CitiStreet, a joint venture of Citigroup and State Street bank, which was the 2nd largest 401(k) administrator in the United States. Stephen is currently on the board of Fund Evaluation Group, an institutional investment consulting, portfolio management and research firm and SRL Global, a financial services technology company. He has extensive leadership and hands-on operating experience.

Stephen graduated from the University of Rhode Island and is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).

Stephen has a home in Gilmanton, New Hampshire.  He is a skilled chef and an expert on fine wines and his wife, Judy, is a very serious gardener.  




Sheila C. Lawrence, MALD, CFP®						        						                Managing Director & Senior Client Advisor




Sheila is a Managing Director and Senior Client Advisor at the firm.  A significant portion of Sheila's practice involves estate planning, wealth transfer and investment management with a particular focus on financial education and coaching for the rising generation.  Sheila works closely with each member of a family to ensure continuation of money values from one generation to the next.

Prior to joining the firm in 2007, Sheila earned a Master of Arts in Law and Diplomacy (MALD) from The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, concentrating on international business and international trade policy.  She completed an internship in Singapore with the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation, researching emerging market investment risk management.  Prior to that, Sheila worked at Bear Stearns & Co., Inc. in the credit risk management department.  She managed credit risks across the firm's derivatives transactions portfolio, including those for high net worth clients.

Sheila graduated from the University of California at Berkeley, Summa Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, with a B.A. in Economics. Sheila is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and is a current co-chair of the Professional Advisors Network at The Boston Foundation.

Sheila has a life-long background and interest in dance, and is particularly passionate about environmental conservation and sustainable agriculture. She serves on the board of the Lexington Community Farm Coalition.  She and her husband, Jason, have two young children and live in Lexington, MA. Sheila speaks Mandarin Chinese.  




Stephen A. Martone, MSFP, CFP®						        						                Managing Director & Senior Client Advisor




Stephen is a Managing Director, Senior Client Advisor, and the Director of Wealth Advisory Operations at the firm. While responsible for multiple areas of wealth management, a significant portion of his practice is focused on wealth transfer techniques and estate plan structure. Stephen has expertise in cash flow planning and modeling, providing his clients with a holistic view that captures the interaction between investment management and personal spending.

As Director of Wealth Advisory Operations, his primary focus is on optimizing the organizational effectiveness of the wealth advisory practice. This is done through identifying process inefficiencies, thinking creatively to develop a solution, and engaging and motivating staff while providing the leadership throughout implementation. Stephen provides oversight of the wealth advisory staff with supervision and hiring responsibility of the Wealth Planners and Planning Associates.

Stephen is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. Prior to joining the firm in 2005, Stephen received a Master of Science in Financial Planning (MSFP), with distinction, from McCallum Graduate School of Business at Bentley University and a BS in Finance, Magna Cum Laude, from Bentley University. While at Bentley, he was a member of Beta Gamma Sigma International Honor Society, and was actively involved in community outreach programs.

Stephen resides in the Boston area and during his free time enjoys attending Celtics games with his wife and coaching in a youth basketball league.  




Adam Ochlis, CPA, MST						        						                Partner & Senior Client Advisor




Adam is a Partner and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. While responsible for multiple areas of wealth management, he has a particular expertise in income tax planning for high net worth individuals. He keeps abreast of tax developments and informs the firm of changes in legislation and implications for the firm's clients.

Before joining the firm in 2007, Adam was a tax supervisor at Levine, Katz, Nannis & Solomon, P.C., an accounting firm in Needham, MA, where he provided tax planning and compliance, financial statement preparation, and other accounting services to high net worth individuals and privately held companies. Prior to that, he worked at KPMG Consulting (now part of Deloitte), where he helped the United States Department of Defense improve and streamline various finance and accounting processes. Adam also spent nearly 10 years as an economist and policy analyst for the U.S. Departments of Labor and Education.

Adam received a Masters in Taxation from Bentley University, his Certificate in Accounting from the University of Virginia, and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Communications from the University of Michigan. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).

Adam is on the Finance Committee of Jewish Family and Children's Service. During his free time, Adam enjoys playing golf and tennis, following New England sports, and planning his family's next vacation. He lives with his wife, Eve, and their two teenagers in Newton, MA.  




Jeff Potter						        						                Managing Director & Senior Client Advisor




Jeff is a Managing Director and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. Prior to joining in 2014, he opened his own consulting firm, Esker Capital, to focus on providing operating and consulting services to businesses in the family office sector. Prior to starting Esker Capital, Jeff was a Partner and Chief Operating Officer at Capital Resource Partners, a private equity firm focused on investing in lower middle market companies.

Prior to Capital Resource Partners, Jeff was Vice President of Corporate Development for Reeves Industries, Inc., a family owned manufacturing company with operations in the United States and Europe. Early in his career, Jeff worked for CS First Boston in their restructuring group advising debtors and creditors and for Chemical Bank as a commercial lending officer executing leveraged loan transactions.

Jeff has an MBA from Yale with a concentration in Finance and a BA from Williams College.

Jeff enjoys hockey, hiking, outdoor activities, art history and traveling. Jeff and his family live in Weston, MA.  




J. Barry Tubman, CFA						        						                Partner & Senior Client Advisor




Barry is a Partner and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. His work with families spans the full range of issues related to wealth management, including investment strategy, estate planning, philanthropy, as well as the financial education of family members.

Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Barry was a Director with Mercer Management Consulting (now Oliver Wyman), where he provided counsel to senior executives at major corporations and investment firms. His experience included market and company analysis, portfolio planning, investment evaluation and due diligence, M&A, business strategy design, and operational improvement. Previously, Barry was a Senior Research Associate with Greenwich Associates, where he managed financial market studies covering banking and brokerage services in North America and Europe.

Barry received a Master of Management degree, with distinction, from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. At Kellogg, he completed majors in Finance, Marketing, and Management Strategy. Barry also earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics, with honors, from Princeton University. Barry holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and CFA Society Boston.

During his free time, Barry has supported admissions interviewing for both Princeton and Kellogg as a member of the Princeton Alumni Schools Committee and the Kellogg Alumni Admissions Organization. He has served as a member of the Professional Advisor Committee for the Foundation for MetroWest. Barry lives in Weston, MA, where he serves on the town's Community Preservation Committee.  




Leah M. Warren, CFP®						        						                Senior Client Advisor




Leah is a Senior Client Advisor at the firm. She is passionate about helping clients succeed in all parts of their financial lives, and is particularly interested in helping couples and families have healthy and fun dialogue about money and values.

Prior to joining Ballentine in 2013, Leah worked as an Operations and Client Service Associate at Daintree Advisors, working with high net-worth families and supporting a wide array of business operations. Prior to that, Leah was a Financial Planner at Lantern Financial, a planning firm working with young professionals and couples.

Leah graduated from Simmons College, magna cum laude, with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Spanish. She studied Financial Planning at Boston University and is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. She has been a member of the Financial Planning Association since 2009.

Leah currently lives in the Greater Boston area with her husband, Nicolas. In their free time they enjoy outdoor adventures, good food, and travel.

   




Debra A. Whitney, MS, CFP®						        						                Senior Client Advisor




Deb is a Senior Client Advisor at the firm.  She is interested in wealth transfer planning, financial literacy of second-generation clients, and philanthropic advising.

Before joining the firm in 2007, Deb held positions in exercise science and coaching.  She was a Physiologist in the National Team Division for USA Swimming where she conducted research and advised National Team coaches and swimmers on the physiology of training and competition.

Deb earned a Masters in Kinesiology and Applied Physiology from the University of Colorado and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics modified with Mathematics from Dartmouth College.  Deb is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.  She is an active member of the Boston Estate Planning Council and a vice chair of their Women’s Initiative Committee.

Deb enjoys biking, running, swimming, and triathlons.  She actively fundraises through community events for diabetes and multiple sclerosis.  Deb and her family live in Needham, MA.  














			Back to team structure
Senior Investment Advisors




Thomas W. Bullitt, CFP®, CFA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Tom Bullitt is a Partner and the Senior Investment Advisor leading the firm's team which caters to clients with $3 million or more of investable assets. The team provides a fully integrated approach to financial planning and investment management. The team also provides clients access to the investment strategy enjoyed by the full range of the firm's family office clients, scaled to fit their particular circumstances. Comprehensive financial planning guidance is provided by a team with many years of experience and is supported by the robust resources of the firm’s other specialists.

Prior to joining the firm in 2007, Tom worked for seven years as a Portfolio Manager and Investment Advisor for the Bank of New York (which acquired his employer Beacon Fiduciary Advisors). Prior to that, Tom worked for Adams, Harkness & Hill where he was a member of the Investment Management Division and a Portfolio Manager from 1996-2000. During his career in the investment business, Tom has focused on providing asset allocation advice and financial planning services for high net worth clients, managing investment portfolios, arranging private placements, and marketing a proprietary hedge fund to accredited investors. After graduating from college, Tom developed his financial skills during the first seventeen years of his career while working in a variety of corporate lending and management roles at Bank of Boston.

Tom has been quoted in Wall Street Journal online and Financial Planning Magazine.

Tom and his wife live in Brookline, MA and have three grown children. He enjoys his in-laws and most outdoor activities.  




Christopher C. Chandler, CFA, CAIA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Christopher is a Partner and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm.  Chris, along with Jennifer Eaton, JD, leads the Florida office for the firm. As a senior member of the investment team, Chris provides his clients with customized investment advice and recommendations as well as is part of the team that is responsible for asset allocation, manager due diligence, and portfolio construction.

Prior to joining the firm in 2015, Chris had a 10 year career with GenSpring Family Offices, a multi-family office providing wealth management and family office services to ultra-high net worth families.  Most recently, Chris was a member of the executive team with oversight for the quality of the clients’ investment experience and implementation through the GenSpring network of family offices.  He was one of few key decision makers responsible for shaping the firm’s guidance around asset allocation, manager selection, and portfolio construction. Previously, Chris was a Consultant at Hartland & Co, an institutional investment consulting firm to pension plans, endowments and foundations, and an Officer of Mellon Bank working with families.

Chris graduated with a B.S.B.A. from Boston University School of Management and an M.B.A. from Case Western Reserve University's Weatherhead School of Management. He holds designations of CFA charter holder and Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst. Chris is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of South Florida.

Chris is married with two children and lives in the Palm Beaches.  During his free time, Chris enjoys time with family, fishing, golf, and traveling.  




Michael P. Chimento, CFA						        						                Managing Director & Senior Investment Advisor




Michael is a Managing Director and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. He is responsible for investment outlook and manager due diligence within the fixed income, private debt, and private equity asset classes. Michael also maintains investment responsibilities related to certain client relationships.

Prior to joining the firm in 2007, Michael worked as a Senior Analyst at Athena Capital Advisors focused primarily on portfolio strategy for high net worth individuals. Michael began his career with Hawthorn, A PNC Advisors Company (now known as Veritable, LP). There, he was a Portfolio Manager for high net worth individuals and foundations. For a portion of time Michael was with Hawthorn, he was responsible for trading equity and fixed income securities.

Michael received his Masters in Finance from The George Washington University and his Bachelors in Accountancy from Villanova University. He earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation in 2003 and is a member of the CFA Institute and Boston Security Analysts Society.

Michael enjoys traveling and spending time with his family. He resides in the Boston area with his wife and three children.  




Jennifer Dowling Dougherty, MS, MBA, CFA						        						                Managing Director & Senior Investment Advisor




Jennifer is a Managing Director and Senior Investment Advisor and part of the team that caters to clients with $3 million or more of investment assets.  She consults with clients on all aspects of their financial affairs including investment, tax, estate, insurance, philanthropic, college, retirement, debt, and liquidity planning.

Prior to joining Ballentine Partners, Jennifer served as Chief Operating Officer and Principal at U.S. Boston Capital Corporation where she also served high net worth clients.  She also provided leadership to the firm’s investment processes, operational and technology improvements, and private investment management.  Earlier in her career, Jennifer worked as an engineer at AT&T Bell Labs, a consultant at Coopers & Lybrand, a senior administrator at MIT, as most recently as a Managing Director in the Executive Education division at Harvard Business School.

Her career shift to wealth management in 2007 allowed her to combine her financial, consulting, and analytical skills with her passion for organization, continuous improvement, and service toward long-term professional relationships. She finds great joy in helping families and small businesses develop plans that reflect their values and goals.

Jennifer holds an MBA from Harvard Business School, a Masters in Industrial Engineering from the University of Michigan, and a BS magna cum laude from Vanderbilt University.  She served as President of the HBS Women’s Association of Boston, on the Standing Committee of the Winchester Unitarian Society, and on a number of community and non-profit boards.

Jennifer met her husband in her native Miami, Florida where they both shared a life-long interest in tennis.  They have two high-school-aged children.  While they both have relished urban life in the greater-Boston area for nearly three decades, Jennifer always finds true peace near the waters of Biscayne Bay, Florida and Biddeford Pool, Maine, especially since there is almost always a good tennis game nearby.  




Elaine R. Gillim, CFA						        						                Managing Director & Senior Investment Advisor




Elaine is a Managing Director and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. Prior to joining Ballentine Partners, Elaine spent 15 years at Atlantic Trust Company (formerly Pell Rudman and Co.) as a Senior Vice President. She worked with a large group of high net worth clients while also contributing significantly to the firm's investment process and operations.

Prior to her role at Atlantic Trust, Elaine worked as a securities analyst at Fleet Bank. She is a Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Vermont with a degree in Zoology.

Elaine holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and Boston Security Analysts Society.

Elaine lives in Wellesley, MA with her husband and two teenagers. She enjoys golf, tennis, and yoga. Elaine is also an active participant in various community activities including currently serving on the Board of Directors of Wellesley A Better Chance, a non-profit organization for academically talented women of color from underserved communities.  




Austin M. Poirier, MSFP, CFA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Austin is a Partner and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. In addition to his client responsibilities, Austin oversees investments in natural resources, including public and private energy managers. Austin is responsible for formulating the firm's investment strategy, evaluating public and private investment opportunities and monitoring trends within the markets.

Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Austin worked as a Senior Financial Associate at Weston Financial Group where he created financial and investment plans for high net worth clients.

Austin received a Master of Science in Financial Planning (MSFP) from the McCallum School of Business at Bentley University and a Bachelor of Science in Management, Summa Cum Laude, from Bentley University.  Austin holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the Boston Security Analyst Society.

Austin resides in the Boston area.  In his free time, he volunteers in the Financial Planning Association’s military pro-bono program, providing financial planning, tax, and investment advice to service members and their families.  Austin is also on the investment committee of the First Baptist Church of Westwood.  




Kyle J. Schaffer, CFA, FSA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Kyle is a Partner and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. Kyle is responsible for the firm's manager research effort and leads a team dedicated to the review, implementation, and monitoring of the firm's recommended investment managers across all asset classes.

Prior to joining the firm in 2003, Kyle spent two years in Hamilton, Bermuda working at Ace Tempest Life Re as a Vice President and Risk Officer. His responsibilities included all investment related functions of the company including asset allocation, manager selection, performance monitoring, and equity market exposure hedging. Prior to that, he spent 9 years at John Hancock Life Insurance Company as an investment analyst and later as a portfolio manager within John Hancock's fixed income group.

Kyle graduated from Brown University, Magna Cum Laude, with a BA in Applied Mathematics. He was awarded the Rohne Truel Premium for excellence in Applied Mathematics, an award that honors the top graduating Applied Math student. Kyle is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries (FSA) and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.

Kyle has been quoted in Investment News, CNN Money, and Bloomberg.

Kyle is married with two children and lives in the Boston area. During his free time, Kyle enjoys baseball, watching live music, and collecting wine.  




Bruce D. Simon, CFA, CPWA®						        						                Managing Director & Director of Portfolio Research




Bruce is a Managing Director and Director of Portfolio Research at the firm. Bruce rejoined Ballentine Partners in June 2016 as Managing Director and Director of Portfolio Research after more than 5 years as Chief Investment Officer of City National Rochdale, LLC, in Los Angeles. City National Rochdale, a wholly owned subsidiary of City National Bank, serves family clients across the United States with a staff of nearly 100 investment professionals. Before moving to Los Angeles, Bruce served as Chief Investment Officer of Ballentine in our Waltham office for three years. Prior to that, Bruce spent four years with Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management in New York and eight years with Glenmede in Philadelphia as Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager. In addition to working directly with a number of family clients, Bruce serves on Ballentine’s Investment Management Committee, which is responsible for the oversight of all of the investment activities for the firm.

Bruce received an MBA with a concentration in Applied Economics from George Washington University and a BS degree in Business Administration from Penn State University. Bruce holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and the Certified Private Wealth Advisor (CPWA®) designations.

He lives with his wife in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.  




Will Tickle, CFA						        						                Partner, Senior Investment Advisor, & Director of Impact Investing




Will is a Partner, Senior Investment Advisor, and the Director of Impact Investing at the firm. He is responsible for market research and evaluating and monitoring public and private investment opportunities for the firm's clients within his focus areas of real estate, timber and social impact investing.

Will graduated from Brandeis University with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics with minors in International Business and Spanish. While in college, Will spent his summers working at the firm and joined the company full time in 2003. Will holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.

Will lives in Cambridge, MA with his wife and spends much of his free time in the White Mountains of NH, hiking, skiing and biking, where he grew up.  














			Back to team structure
Investment Advisors




Jake Northrup, CFP®						        						                Investment Advisor




Jake is an Investment Advisor at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm, he worked as a Wealth Advisory Intern at Colman Knight Advisory Group where he conducted investment research and provided financial planning services to high net worth clients. Prior to that, Jake worked at Raytheon as a Finance Intern and also at State Street as a Processing Analyst.

Jake graduated Summa Cum Laude from the Isenberg School of Management at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2014 with a major in Finance and minor in Economics. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and a 2017 CFA Level II Candidate. He is actively involved in the financial planning community as a member of the NexGen committee for the Massachusetts Financial Planning Association.

Jake lives in Somerville, MA and in his free time enjoys exercising, playing sports, traveling and spending time with his friends and family.  




Julia Zhu, MSF, CFA						        						                Senior Investment Analyst




Julia is a Senior Investment Analyst at the firm. Julia's research is focused on hedge funds and emerging markets.

Prior to joining the firm in 2012, Julia was a Portfolio Management Intern with Wilmington Trust in Boston where she worked closely with portfolio managers and assisted in different aspects of the investment advisory process, including investment research, performance reporting, and investment proposals. Julia also worked in Beijing for PricewaterhouseCoopers as an Associate in M&A Tax Services, where she provided tax due diligence, deal restructuring and tax planning services to merger-and-acquisition transactions in diverse industries.

Julia received her Master of Science in Finance from Boston College Carroll Graduate School of Management. She also received a Bachelor's degree in Finance with honor from the University of International Business and Economics. Julia holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.

Julia lives in the Boston area and in her free time, she enjoys traveling, cooking, and practicing yoga. Julia is fluent in Mandarin Chinese.  














			Back to team structure
Investment Associates




Cal E. Chicoine						        						                Investment Analyst




Cal is an Investment Analyst at the firm. Cal’s research is focused on hedge funds and alternative investments.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Cal received his Master of Arts in International Economics and Finance from the Brandeis University International Business School. While attending Brandeis, Cal interned for a family financial services company where his primary responsibilities included researching US equities, monitoring clients’ portfolio risk, and back testing unique trading strategies for high growth companies. Cal also volunteered at Brandeis as a Student Consultant for the Massachusetts Department of Transportation – Real Estate Division where he lead a team of students in preparing development plans for real estate holdings next to multiple T-stops along commuter lines.

Cal is a graduate of Ithaca College where he majored in Finance and minored in Economics. As an undergraduate Cal worked for Low Income Housing Corporation where he performed market research.

He is currently a resident of Portsmouth, New Hampshire and is a lifelong New England sports fan. In the summer, he enjoys heading to the beach, playing golf, and cheering on the Red Sox.  




Alex Febonio						        						                Investment Analyst




Alex is an Investment Analyst at the Firm.

He graduated from the University of New Hampshire magna cum laude, majoring in Business Administration with a focus in Accounting and Finance, and a minor in Economics.

Prior to joining the firm, Alex interned with EY in the Commercial Assurance practice, R. Thomas Ashley as a Market Analyst, and John Hancock in Long-Term Care. Additionally, Alex was a member of the Atkins Investment Group at the University of New Hampshire where he held the positions of Sector Analyst, Sector Leader, and Vice President of External Affairs. As a member of the group he established the fixed income portfolio focusing on top down macroeconomic analysis.

Alex lives in Boston, MA. He is a car enthusiast who in his free time enjoys hiking in the White Mountain region, wind surfing, and spending time on Lake Winnipesaukee with family and friends.  




Steven Goldman						        						                Investment Analyst




Steven is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Steven received his Bachelor of Arts in Business from Brandeis University. After his junior year at Brandeis, Steven started working at Ballentine Partners as an intern and continued to work throughout his senior year. His responsibilities included building the firm’s Customer Relationship Management system, creating investment manager reports, and analyzing client portfolios.

While at Brandeis, Steven was a member of TAMID Investment Group where he consulted, researched, and analyzed startups with a student team to suggest business strategies to Israeli CEO’s.

Steven currently lives in Marblehead, Massachusetts and enjoys hiking and spending time with friends. He played tennis in high school, and is also an Eagle Scout.  




Andrew Hacker						        						                Investment Analyst




Andrew is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Andrew joined in 2016 from Brown Brothers Harriman where he worked in Fund Accounting Services, generating net asset values for large mutual funds and resolving issues related to derivatives pricing, capital stock transactions, and manager performance fees.  Previously, Andrew was an associate at PwC in their Risk Assurance practice where he audited investment industry clients’ internal control and regulatory frameworks.

Andrew graduated with a B.A. in Economics from Colorado College, where his senior thesis analyzed incentive structures surrounding public company boards of directors in relation to takeovers and acquisitions. He spent his junior year at the London School of Economics & Political Science studying Finance and Accounting. Andrew passed the CFA level III exam in 2016.

Andrew resides in Boston and spends time golfing, snowboarding and watching F1 racing. He grew up in the mountains of western Colorado and has traveled to over 30 countries.  




David Hanson, CFA, CAIA						        						                Investment Analyst




David is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, David was a Research Associate at the MBTA Retirement Fund, where he conducted investment research and due diligence across all major asset classes, with an emphasis on private equity and real estate investments.

David earned his B.S. in Management at the Boston College Carroll School of Management. His concentrations included Finance as well as Information Systems and Accounting. David holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and the Chartered Alternative Investment Association (CAIA) designation. He is a member of the CFA Institute, the Chartered Alternative Investment Association, and the Boston Security Analysts Society.

David lives in Dedham, MA with his wife. He enjoys hiking, skiing, and spending time with family and friends.  




Ryan R. McManus						        						                Investment Advisor Associate




Ryan is an Investment Advisor Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm, he worked as a Financial Planning Intern at New England Private Wealth Advisors where he helped create holistic financial plans for high net worth clients. Prior to that, Ryan interned at UBS, Boston Partners Financial Group and Morgan Stanley.

Ryan graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bentley University in 2016 with a major in Finance and Economics and a minor in History. While at Bentley, he was inducted into the economics honors society Omicron Delta Epsilon. Ryan is currently pursuing his CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner designation through the College for Financial Planning.

Ryan lives in Woburn, MA and in his free time enjoys golfing, playing various other sports, and spending time with his friends and family.  




Juan Mejia, CFA, MBA						        						                Investment Analyst




Juan is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Juan worked as a Financial Advisor for a team of Ameriprise Financial advisors for eleven years.  Starting as an intern in 2004 after graduate school, Juan went on to become an integral part of the team working directly with clients to implement comprehensive financial plans and provide investment advice on a wide range of products.

Juan moved from Colombia in 1996 to pursue a BS degree in economics at the Indiana University of Pennsylvania after which he received an MBA from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, PA with concentrations in finance and IT.  In 2015, he became a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Charterholder and joined the CFA Society of South Florida.

Juan and his wife relocated to Florida in 2016 where they enjoy year-round golfing and attending outdoor events around the Palm Beach area.  In his spare time Juan likes to read books on finance and related matters and going to the movies.  




Samuel Thayer, CFP®						        						                Investment Advisor Associate




Sam is an Investment Advisor Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2017, Sam was an Associate Financial Counselor at The Colony Group in Boston, MA, where he provided financial planning services to high net worth clients. Prior to that, Sam worked as a fund accountant for Brown Brothers Harriman.

Sam graduated from Clarkson University in 2013 with a major in financial information and analysis and minors in economics law studies. Sam is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Sam lives in Cambridge, MA, and in his free time enjoys the outdoors, traveling, and spending time with friends and family.  














			Back to team structure
Planners




Andrea C. Dubuc, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




Andrea is a Wealth Planner at the firm. She is particularly interested in risk management and specializes in managing large family engagements.

Prior to joining the firm in 2002, Andrea earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from the University of New Hampshire, Summa Cum Laude. There, she placed first in the Paul J. Holloway Business Plan Competition that recognizes top student plans as judged by a panel of business leaders. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Andrea and her husband and sons live in Wolfeboro, NH. She enjoys reading, gardening, and spending time with her family.  




Sam Gough, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




Sam is a Wealth Planner at the firm. His area of expertise is implementing clients' complex estate planning and investment strategies. Sam serves as a specialized resource for his clients, whose families often have extensive financial infrastructure including multiple family investment and charitable entities.

Prior to joining the firm in 2004, Sam worked for Goldman Sachs as an Analyst in the Global Operations division for Fixed Income where his team was responsible for managing and improving trade flow for Goldman's sales and trading businesses in the mortgage-backed securities markets.

Sam graduated from Tufts University, Magna Cum Laude, with a BA in International Relations. While at Tufts, Sam also earned the Diploma of the International Program in Political and Social Sciences Po in Paris. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Sam is a disciplined recreational runner and has completed several road races, including a marathon and a half-marathon. Sam has also traveled abroad and in the United States and enjoys eating and cooking a wide variety of international cuisines. Sam and his family live in Plymouth, NH.  




Michelle S. Harrison, MBA						        						                Wealth Planner




Michelle is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Michelle began her career with State Street and then moved on to Brown Brothers Harriman where she was a Senior Financial Analyst. After a few years at BBH and as a newly minted MBA, Michelle wanted to do more to give back to the community so she took a support role at RefugePoint in Cambridge, which serves the most vulnerable refugees across Africa. Keeping with her passion for service, but desiring a deeper finance role, she decided to get back into financial services by taking a position with a fee-only financial planning firm.

Michelle received her MBA in Finance and BA in Economics and International Relations from Boston University. She is also currently pursuing her CFP® designation through Boston University’s Center for Professional Education. When not sending BU a check, she enjoys spending as much time outside as possible with her husband, daughter, son, and a large extended family.  




John Healy, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




John is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2015, John worked in the Personal & Business Planning Department at Commonwealth Financial Group. During his tenure at CFG, he assisted their advisors in researching and creating different financial strategies for families and closely held businesses.

John graduated from Bentley University in 2011 with a double major in Finance and Ethics & Social Responsibility with a minor in Economics. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

John and his wife, Krista, currently reside in Medford. During his free time, he enjoys visiting friends & family and stays active by golfing, snowboarding and playing hockey.

   




Brian C. Kelleher, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




Brian is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2014, Brian worked at  UBS Wealth Management. In his role at UBS, he worked with High Net Worth clients primarily in the on-boarding and relationship management processes.

Brian is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and  graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bentley University with Bachelor of Science degrees in Corporate Finance & Accounting and Global Perspectives. While at Bentley, Brian was Vice-President of Delta Kappa Epsilon, and planned multiple large scale charitable events that raised thousands of dollars for breast cancer research through the Ellie Fund. He was also involved in the Bentley Green Society and participated actively to improve sustainability efforts and awareness throughout campus.

Brian lives in Brighton, MA and enjoys exercising, traveling, reading, and is an aspiring golfer and snowboarder.  




Maggie Sullivan, JD						        						                Wealth Planner




Maggie is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2015, Maggie practiced law as a litigation associate at Campbell Campbell Edwards & Conroy, P.C., where she handled an array of complex civil litigation matters in both state and federal court.  Maggie is a member of the Massachusetts Bar.

Maggie earned her J.D. from Boston College Law School in 2011.  During law school, she was active in the Women’s Law Center and participated in the Civil Litigation Clinic at Boston College Law School’s Legal Assistance Bureau, where she represented indigent clients in social security, family law, and housing matters.  During law school, Maggie also clerked for the FDIC and a boutique estate planning firm in Boston.  She graduated from Boston College’s Carroll School of Management in 2007 with a Bachelor of Science in Management.  Maggie is currently pursuing her CFP® designation through the College of Financial Planning.

Maggie lives in Jamaica Plain with her husband and their English bulldog, Millie.  In her free time, she enjoys cooking, travel, golf, and spending time with family and friends.  














			Back to team structure
Planning Associates




Giovanna F. Casey, MBA, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Giovanna is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Before joining Ballentine Partners in 2016, Giovanna worked as personal financial advisor and planner at 128 Alliance Financial. She began helping clients reach their financial goals in 2002, inspired by her own experience with a financial planner.  Earlier in her career, she managed complex customized software integration projects for Razorfish (formerly i-Cube), and served as practice management lead. Prior to that, Giovanna was a consultant for the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), where she helped a diverse set of clients with business strategy. She began her career as a consultant for the software company Interleaf, coincidentally in the same building where Ballentine Partners is now.

Giovanna holds an MBA from the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where she focused on strategy and the management of technological change.  As an undergraduate, she also studied at MIT, graduating with two Bachelor of Science degrees in Mathematics and in Cognitive Science. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Giovanna and her husband Chris live with their two teenagers in Lexington, MA. She supports her daughter and son in their passions for horseback riding and basketball. When not singing in local community choirs, she enjoys traveling and spending time with her family around the world.

   




Taryn M. Dawson						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Taryn is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2012, Taryn was employed at Lakes Region Water Company, Inc. as Office Manager where she handled all customer billing transactions, state compliance reporting, payroll and benefits coordination, and various administrative duties. While at Lakes Region, Taryn integrated electronic billing and payment functionalities into the company’s existing financial software. She also worked as a Bookkeeper for Northern Woods Tree Service & Excavation Corporation in addition to serving as an Independent Reporting Consultant for small community water systems throughout the State of New Hampshire.

Taryn received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Biology from Boston University. During her time at BU, she resided in Boston’s Kenmore Square with Fenway Park in her backyard. The highlight of her senior year was relishing in the Red Sox’ first World Series win in 86 years.

Taryn lives in Wolfeboro, NH with her family.  During her free time, she enjoys snowmobiling, riding motorcycles, spending time at the beach, and visiting with family and friends.  Taryn hopes to explore her cultural roots in both Greece and Germany in the coming few years.  




Ann B. Fisher						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Ann is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2004, Ann was employed by the Supreme Court of the Philippines as a Branch Clerk of Court for one of the Second Level Courts in the Philippine Judiciary.

Educated in the Philippines, Ann graduated Magna Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics.  She has completed the CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ Certification Curriculum at The American College of Financial Services.  She also holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Law and is a member of the Philippine Bar.

Ann lives in Wolfeboro, NH with her family.  




Tyler Lambert						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Tyler is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Tyler worked at ALDI Food Market as a District Manager. In his role at ALDI, Tyler managed all operations of a four store district where he was responsible for leading more than forty employees. Tyler was responsible for the growth, development and training of all of his employees as well as ensuring adherence to stringent store conditions. Prior to working at ALDI, Tyler also held positions as a Finance Intern at Goedecke & Co., AXA Advisors, and Waste Management.

He graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bentley University with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Finance, and a minor in Mathematical Sciences and Management.

Tyler lives in Hudson, NH. In his free time, he enjoys both watching and playing sports, along with spending time with his family and friends.  




Sarah E. Ludden						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Sarah is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Before joining the firm, Sarah worked at Fiduciary Trust Company where she had been for 8 years, most recently as a Senior Account Administrator, working with two financial advisors on 350 accounts, processing and monitoring the accuracy of asset transactions, creating customized financial reports, and fostering relationships with client families, foundations, and professionals.  Prior to that, she worked for State Street Financial as a Mutual Fund Account Controller and Ameriprise as a Financial Advisor.

Sarah graduated from Northeastern University with a Bachelor’s in Business Administration. She is currently pursuing her CFP® designation through Boston University’s Center for Professional Education.  Sarah is the Chair of the Forte539 Advisory Council for the Boston Center for the Arts and is a member of the Leadership Circle and Steering Committee for the Project Bread Walk for Hunger. She is also a member of the Financial Planners Association of Massachusetts.

Sarah and her husband live in the Greater Boston area, with their Yellow Lab, Honey.  She enjoys an active lifestyle through hiking, yoga and running and also enjoys writing poetry and traveling.  




Erik A. Palmason						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Erik is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining Ballentine Partners, Erik worked for the Bank of New York Mellon as a Global Income and Tax Specialist. In Erik’s Asset Servicing role, he processed dividend and interest income and filed tax reclaims for large institutional investors. His efforts focused on Swiss and Danish equities and debt securities.

Erik earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Allegheny College where he was active in service and community outreach. Erik served as Philanthropy Chairman in Phi Kappa Psi. His chapter was formally recognized for Philanthropic achievement, effectively bridging the gap between school and surrounding community by providing upwards of 2,000 hours of service per academic year.

Currently, Erik is pursuing his CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner designation through Boston University.

Erik is a Finance Committee member for the Congregational Church of Littleton, and spends his free time playing golf, traveling, and boating. He currently resides in Watertown, MA.  




Christian Stahlman, MSFP						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Christian is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, he was a Financial Planning Assistant at New England Private Wealth Advisors in Wellesley, MA where he assisted Senior Client Advisors in preparing client materials ranging from the updating of client’s financials to the preparing of tax summaries.  While in college, he was also an intern at Baystate Financial, Morgan Stanley, and Barclays Wealth in London.

Christian graduated Cum Laude from Bentley University with a Bachelor of Science in Corporate Finance and Accounting and graduated from the McCallum Graduate School of Business with a Master of Science in Financial Planning.  He also received a Certificate in Taxation during his time in the graduate program.

Currently, he is pursuing the CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner designation and planning to sit for the exam this year. He has been a member of the Financial Planning Association since 2015 and is also a member of NexGen, a community of FPA members focusing on the next generation of financial professionals. He lives in The Palm Beaches, and in his free time, Christian enjoys golfing, exercising, and playing classical piano.  




Morgan Williams						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Morgan is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2009, Morgan worked at Community Bank & Trust Co. in Wolfeboro NH, first as a teller, then loan servicer, and finally as a staff accountant until the bank was bought out by Chittenden Corporation and merged with Ocean Bank in 2008.

Morgan received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Psychology from Regis College with a concentration in Business Management.

Morgan is a co-founder of Assistance Canine Training Services (A.C.T.S), a non-profit organization that raises and trains service dogs for people with mobility problems. Morgan volunteers as a puppy raiser/trainer for the organization.  







Site Navigation
Our Approach
Overview
What Makes Us Different
What You Can Expect From Us
Code of Ethics
What We Do
Overview
Investing
Wealth Planning
Services for Single Family Offices
Our Team
Our Story
Leadership Team
Our Team Structure
Our People
Client Stories
Introduction
CEO of a Public Company
Sale of a Company
Inherited Wealth
Solution Snapshots
Our Thinking
News & Press
Investment Thinking
Investment Insights
White Papers
TH!NK Forums
Newsletters
Contact Us
Getting Started
Careers
Investment Offerings
 

			FOR DETAILS OF HOW ANY SURVEYS REFERENCED ABOVE WERE CONSTRUCTED, PLEASE REFER TO OUR DETAILED DISCLOSURES IN EACH LISTING. THE SURVEYS DO NOT IMPLY ANYTHING ABOUT A PARTICULAR CLIENT'S EXPERIENCE OR INVESTMENT RESULTS WITH BALLENTINE PARTNERS.
		© copyright 2017 Ballentine Partners

			























 




Client Stories | Ballentine Partners












































Skip to content




LOGIN















Introduction
These stories describe our work on a variety of different engagements. The summaries focus on our findings and activities in the first few years of each engagement.
A common theme in the stories is that many of our clients had very experienced attorneys, accountants, investment advisors before engaging us. Yet, we were still able to find many untapped opportunities.  Occasionally, we also found mistakes, and not because their specialty advisors had given poor advice, but because they were working in silos without the benefit of the whole picture or the visibility to analyze the interactions among the different planning areas (investments, tax, estate planning, family dynamics, etc.)
Prior to our becoming involved, the families lacked a comprehensive strategy for managing their wealth. The planning that was done was a series of individual decisions that lacked a cohesive strategy and direction. In many cases, the families’ prior investment advisors were subject to conflicts of interest that affected the quality of advice that the family received—for example, the investment portfolios were heavily invested in proprietary products that were not performing well but generating extra fees for the advisor.
Another recurring theme is our focus on the financial skills of the next generation.


CEO of a Public Company
This family has a large and complex balance sheet, and they had the benefit of excellent advisors for many years before bringing us in to lead the team.
We were able to add value in the following ways:

Wealth management strategy – We worked with the CEO and his family to define a customized and comprehensive wealth management strategy for the family’s assets. We also showed them how to measure their progress and test recommendations.
Investment strategy and risk management – The family had many investment managers, but no over-arching investment strategy and no investment risk management strategy. Now they have a comprehensive investment strategy and improved net returns from their investments.
Tax optimization – The family had no system for collecting and analyzing tax information throughout the year. Consequently, tax planning was based on guesswork and was being done too late to be effective. We designed and implemented a comprehensive tax planning system that we now use throughout each year.
Long-term planning – Based on our recommendations, the family has made many changes to their estate plan to better align the plan with the family’s long term wealth management goals.
Private investments – The family has made more than 100 private investments in various companies and real estate ventures. Many lacked proper documentation. We created an electronic document library that the family office staff and all of the client’s advisors can access. All documentation is now up-to-date.
Business agreements – The buy-sell agreements for many of the family’s private investments contained provisions that were no longer suitable. We recommended a completely different approach to deal with this problem, and we managed the implementation of new agreements.
Family compound – The family vacation compound, which includes very valuable real estate, lacked an adequate long-term financial plan and governance structure. We recommended and implemented a strategy to address these needs.
Charitable giving – We worked with members of the next generation and the staff of the family’s private foundation to involve the next generation in the foundation and develop their financial skills in the process.
Family meetings – The family’s key advisors now meet regularly with the family to discuss strategy, and identify opportunities. The Ballentine Partners’ Client Advisor assigned to the family prepares the agendas, chairs the meetings, and manages the family’s team of advisors. Members of the next generation are starting to participate in these meetings as part of their education process.

To learn more about how we can work with you and your family, contact us.


Sale of a Privately-Owned Company
This client engaged us in anticipation that she would try to sell her privately-owned company within three years. She wanted to take advantage of financial planning opportunities before the sale, and prepare to live off portfolio income after the sale.
Prior to the sale of the privately-owned company we:

Helped her to identify and engage an investment banker who later found a buyer who paid more for the company than our client ever expected;
Worked with our client’s tax attorney and life insurance agent to completely overhaul the client’s estate plan and life insurance arrangements;
Helped her to transfer a sizeable chunk of the privately-owned company’s value to a trust for the benefit of family members without incurring any gift tax;
Worked with the investment banker to structure the sale so as to maximize our client’s after-tax wealth, and to maximize the portion of the sales price that would be paid in cash;
Restructured our client’s investment portfolio by terminating managers who were not producing any value in excess of their fees, and improving the risk management process within the portfolio; and
Helped our client to prepare for the transition from living on earned income to living on portfolio income.

Since the sale, we have:

Overseen the management of our client’s total investment assets, including assets being managed by various investment firms;
Helped our client to smoothly transition to living on portfolio income;
Helped our client to evaluate a wide range of direct investment opportunities; and
Worked with an attorney who specializes in negotiating executive employment agreements to negotiate a new employment agreement for our client.

To learn more about the services we offer to our client families, read more details about what we do.


Inherited Wealth
The family is a member of the third generation in an inherited wealth situation. Most of the family’s wealth is now held by long-term trusts that were established by previous generations.
We have added value to this family with inherited wealth by:

Redesigning the investment strategies of various trusts to make the trusts far more tax-efficient. When we began working on this inherited wealth situation, the tax-efficiency of the investment portfolios was quite poor.
Helping the family design and implement a social impact investment program for a portion of their investment assets.
Developing and implementing a cash flow planning system to help the family manage its cash flow.
Assisting the head of the family with advice about his real estate business, business agreements, risk management, and dealing with his investors.
Working with members of the next generation to develop their financial skills.
Providing advice to members of the extended family about family meetings, and governance of the family’s business enterprises.
Providing advice about the management and governance of the family’s vacation compound.

Click here to read more about our thinking.


Solution Snapshots
These one-page snapshots – Ballentine Briefs – highlight ways in which we have been helpful in specific client engagements. Each of these is just a small piece of what we have done and continue to do for these families. You may find that you identify with one of the case studies, or with several. This is not unusual in our experience; families with significant resources often have very complicated financial situations and work with us across a range of issues.






Site Navigation
Our Approach
Overview
What Makes Us Different
What You Can Expect From Us
Code of Ethics
What We Do
Overview
Investing
Wealth Planning
Services for Single Family Offices
Our Team
Our Story
Leadership Team
Our Team Structure
Our People
Client Stories
Introduction
CEO of a Public Company
Sale of a Company
Inherited Wealth
Solution Snapshots
Our Thinking
News & Press
Investment Thinking
Investment Insights
White Papers
TH!NK Forums
Newsletters
Contact Us
Getting Started
Careers
Investment Offerings
 

			FOR DETAILS OF HOW ANY SURVEYS REFERENCED ABOVE WERE CONSTRUCTED, PLEASE REFER TO OUR DETAILED DISCLOSURES IN EACH LISTING. THE SURVEYS DO NOT IMPLY ANYTHING ABOUT A PARTICULAR CLIENT'S EXPERIENCE OR INVESTMENT RESULTS WITH BALLENTINE PARTNERS.
		© copyright 2017 Ballentine Partners

			






















 




Our Thinking | Ballentine Partners












































Skip to content




LOGIN













Our Thinking



Other Resources

News & PressInvestment ThinkingWhite PapersTH!NK ForumsNewslettersRaised Healthy, Wealthy and WiseAt a certain level of wealth, money makes parenting harder, not easier. Raised Healthy, Wealthy & Wise breaks new ground in the field of raising children amid wealth by hearing from the success stories.

Read More  




Site Navigation
Our Approach
Overview
What Makes Us Different
What You Can Expect From Us
Code of Ethics
What We Do
Overview
Investing
Wealth Planning
Services for Single Family Offices
Our Team
Our Story
Leadership Team
Our Team Structure
Our People
Client Stories
Introduction
CEO of a Public Company
Sale of a Company
Inherited Wealth
Solution Snapshots
Our Thinking
News & Press
Investment Thinking
Investment Insights
White Papers
TH!NK Forums
Newsletters
Contact Us
Getting Started
Careers
Investment Offerings
 

			FOR DETAILS OF HOW ANY SURVEYS REFERENCED ABOVE WERE CONSTRUCTED, PLEASE REFER TO OUR DETAILED DISCLOSURES IN EACH LISTING. THE SURVEYS DO NOT IMPLY ANYTHING ABOUT A PARTICULAR CLIENT'S EXPERIENCE OR INVESTMENT RESULTS WITH BALLENTINE PARTNERS.
		© copyright 2017 Ballentine Partners

			






















 




Investment Insights | Ballentine Partners






































Skip to content




LOGIN













Investment Insights

When Will the Expansion End?The United States is now in its ninth year of economic expansion and third longest since the Civil War. If the expansion lasts another year, it will be the longest on record. With the 2008-09 recession a distant but still painful memory, investors are rightly wondering when it will all end.
READ MOREIs Indexing Getting Too Popular?Market watchers have noted the stunning growth of indexed vehicles over the last few years. Coupled with the ease of trading and transparency of exchange-traded funds (ETFs), the low cost and tax efficiency of indexing have led to a boom in the growth of these vehicles to the detriment of actively-managed mutual funds. With indexing […]
READ MOREHurry Up…and WaitA much anticipated and, perhaps, over-hyped news conference rolling out the Trump Administration’s tax reform plan generated very little “new news” yesterday.  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Director Gary Cohn presented an outline of a plan that is very similar to the talking points the President promoted on the campaign trail. […] 
READ MOREActive Management Under SiegeAs data continues to accumulate that reinforces the growing consensus of the superiority of passive indexing strategies over active management, the defenders of the old guard are fighting back. They are cutting fees, shuttering underperforming strategies, and merging businesses in order to reduce costs. The pressure is severe: according to Morningstar Inc., some $1.2 trillion has been withdrawn from actively managed U.S. stock funds since the start of 2007, while nearly the same amount has moved into passive U.S. stock funds over the same period. […]
READ MOREWhat’s in a PhraseThe stock market abounds with colorful sayings that reflect the collective wisdom of decades of investment experience.  For professional investors, these time-worn adages are reminders of sometimes-painful past market episodes and the unending challenge of getting the future right.  But at the end of the day, can these slogans actually be useful in making investment decisions?
READ MOREThe Only Certainty is UncertaintyIrrespective of your political views, one must acknowledge that big changes are afoot in Washington. Trump supporters applaud the aggressive style of the new administration’s take-no-prisoners approach, while liberals cringe at the thought of the damage that might be wreaked on their fundamental beliefs over a four-year presidential term.
READ MOREThe Trump Rally – Impressive, but selectiveSince Donald Trump’s upset victory in the 2016 Presidential election, financial markets have been on a tear. Or have they? A casual observer of the business press would probably conclude that stocks and bonds around the world are rallying around President-elect Trump’s pro-growth, business-friendly, tax reform policies designed to “make America great again.” The reality, however, is somewhat different.
READ MOREMarkets Struggle for Post-Election ClarityWith last week’s historic election now behind us, investors are feverishly recalibrating their plans in light of its stunning outcome. The despair registered in the early hours after the polls closed on November 8 turned sharply into euphoria as investors focused on the “pro-growth” agenda of a Republican president and control of both congressional chambers.  […]
READ MOREShock and Awe in Financial MarketsThe stunning upset in yesterday’s US presidential election has left many people in a state of shock. Although the polls indicated a tightening race over the last two weeks, very few observers predicted or believed in the possibility of a President-elect Trump. Yet here we are. If President-elect Trump fulfills many of his campaign promises, […]
READ MOREVolatility Returns, With a VengeanceAfter an exceptionally quiet summer in the financial markets, when the Dow Jones Industrial Average failed to move more than 1% for more than forty days, the calm was broken rather dramatically on September 9. The Dow shed nearly 400 points that day, and the following week has been a roller-coaster ride of big ups […]
READ MOREGames That Managers PlayIn evaluating a money manager, informed investors naturally want to evaluate the manager’s track record. Has the manager delivered returns above the chosen benchmark? Have they assumed excessive risk in order to achieve those returns? What about the impact of fees and taxes? How reliable is the performance data provided by less-regulated private fund managers? These are just a sample of questions that investors should answer in order to validate a manager’s competence, and the answers are rarely clear-cut.
READ MOREThe Siren Song of Active ManagementAt Lake Wobegon, “all the women are strong, all the men are good looking, and all the children are above average.”
Despite being an obvious fiction, many people seem to apply a similar logic to managing their money. They believe that through their own superior insight, or by hiring investment professionals with many years of experience, they can “beat the market”. Their confidence is an inherent part of human nature, and is responsible for creating so much wealth in our society over time.
READ MORE 

Other Resources

News & PressInvestment ThinkingWhite PapersTH!NK ForumsNewslettersRaised Healthy, Wealthy and WiseAt a certain level of wealth, money makes parenting harder, not easier. Raised Healthy, Wealthy & Wise breaks new ground in the field of raising children amid wealth by hearing from the success stories.

Read More  




Site Navigation
Our Approach
Overview
What Makes Us Different
What You Can Expect From Us
Code of Ethics
What We Do
Overview
Investing
Wealth Planning
Services for Single Family Offices
Our Team
Our Story
Leadership Team
Our Team Structure
Our People
Client Stories
Introduction
CEO of a Public Company
Sale of a Company
Inherited Wealth
Solution Snapshots
Our Thinking
News & Press
Investment Thinking
Investment Insights
White Papers
TH!NK Forums
Newsletters
Contact Us
Getting Started
Careers
Investment Offerings
 

			FOR DETAILS OF HOW ANY SURVEYS REFERENCED ABOVE WERE CONSTRUCTED, PLEASE REFER TO OUR DETAILED DISCLOSURES IN EACH LISTING. THE SURVEYS DO NOT IMPLY ANYTHING ABOUT A PARTICULAR CLIENT'S EXPERIENCE OR INVESTMENT RESULTS WITH BALLENTINE PARTNERS.
		© copyright 2017 Ballentine Partners

			






















 




Our Team | Ballentine Partners













































Skip to content




LOGIN














Our Story
Ballentine Partners LLC traces its roots to Roy Ballentine’s personal experience with wealth management in the aftermath of his father’s death in 1984. 
I grew up in a family business environment. When my father died in the early 1980s, I knew nothing about wealth management. During the estate settlement process, I learned the hard way about the challenges of managing wealth. I found that our family advisors thought in silos, with little or no coordination. They expertly answered the questions we posed, but it was up to us to identify opportunities and problems. There had to be a better way. After the estate was settled, I chose to change careers. I set out to offer a more comprehensive solution. Ballentine Partners is the culmination of that process.
Roy Ballentine

Learn more about our successful leadership succession plan.


Leadership




Roy C. Ballentine, CLU, ChFC, CFP®                        Executive Chairman & Founder




Roy is the Executive Chairman and Founder of the firm. Roy dedicates his time to thought leadership, strategic oversight of client engagements, and coaching and training our team members.
Roy graduated from Yale University with a B.A. and an M.S. He is a Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU), Chartered Financial Consultant (ChFC), and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. He has practiced as a fee-only financial advisor since 1984. Roy has been named repeatedly by Worth Magazine as one of the top 100 financial advisors in the United States.
Roy has served for many years on the Board of Trustees of Brewster Academy, a private secondary school located in the heart of Wolfeboro, NH. He is currently serving as the Chairman of the Board and Chair of the Investment Committee. Roy serves as a Trustee of the Wolfeboro Area Children’s Center in Wolfeboro, NH. Roy is a member of the statewide Board of Directors of the New Hampshire Charitable Foundation and serves on the Investment Committee.
Roy is an enthusiastic sailor, skier, and mountaineer. He has participated in several first ski descents of mountains above the Arctic Circle and has hiked, skied, and climbed extensively in the western US and Canada. He and his wife Sandy have two children and live in Wolfeboro, NH.
When my father died in the early 1980s, I knew nothing about wealth management. During the estate settlement process I learned the hard way about the challenges of managing wealth, balancing family needs, individual member wishes, good stewardship, and conservation and preservation of wealth in a difficult investment environment. I found that our family advisors thought in silos, with little or no coordination. They expertly answered the questions we posed, but it was up to us to integrate the answers and to identify opportunities or problems. This did not make sense to me. There had to be a better way.
After the estate was settled, I chose to change careers. Convinced that there was a better way to address the demanding requirements of family wealth, I set out to offer a more comprehensive solution. Ballentine Partners is the culmination of that process.
 




Drew McMorrow, MBA, CFP®                        President & CEO




Drew is President & CEO of the firm and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the company. He also continues to consult with families on all aspects of their financial lives. In addition to advising on the more traditional areas of wealth management, including investment, estate, insurance, tax and philanthropic planning, Drew leverages his consulting background to help families with their direct ventures and real estate opportunities. He also has a specialized expertise in helping families build and realize a vision for their foundation, integrating its planning with the family’s values, and helping his clients generate a sense of reward and accomplishment from their philanthropy.
Prior to joining the firm in 2002, Drew worked at Mercer Management Consulting, where he advised technology companies on their strategic plans. Earlier in his career, Drew was the Director of Business Operations at Oracle Corporation, where he directed financial and business analysis for procurement and distribution operations. Drew started his career at the Congressional Budget Office as an Analyst in the Tax Analysis Division.
Drew received an MBA from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Brown University, with dual majors in Economics and International Relations. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. In March of 2009, Drew was recognized by the Family Wealth Alliance as a “40minus Leader of 2009.” Drew has also been named four times to Barron’s Top 100 list of Independent Financial Advisors nationally, which Barron’s calls “America’s best.”
Outside of work, Drew is an avid swimmer who enjoys competing in long-distance open water swimming races. As the father of three, Drew volunteers as a director of local softball programs and as a softball and baseball coach for his children’s teams. Drew and his family live in Carlisle, MA.
 




Will Braman                        Partner & Chief Investment Officer




Will is a Partner, Senior Investment Advisor, and Chief Investment Officer at the firm. He is responsible for leading the investment team and managing the investment process.
Will has over 35 years of experience in investment management, and more than 25 years in executive leadership roles within asset management companies. Before joining Ballentine, Will was the CEO of the Americas for Fortis Investments until its acquisition by BNP Paribas, where he led a team of 130 professionals in Fortis’ expansion into North and South America. Prior to that, Will served as the Chief Investment Officer for John Hancock Advisers & Funds, where he managed the managers and analysts responsible for more than $30B in assets. Will also spent nearly 20 years with Baring Asset Management, where he rose to the position of CIO in London, after a long tenure as the head of the Boston-based investment team. Will began his career at Bank of Boston as an equity and credit analyst.
Will earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Bucknell University where he was active in the student government as Treasurer and in the administration as a member of the Finance Committee.
Will is an avid skier and traveler, passions shared by his wife and two daughters. Will currently serves on the Investment Committee for the Meadowbrook School of Weston.
 




Coventry Edwards-Pitt, CFA, CFP®                        Partner & Chief Wealth Advisory Officer




Covie is a Partner and the Chief Wealth Advisory Officer at the firm.  In her role, Covie is responsible for thought leadership for the firm, including the development and management of the firm’s family education, family governance, and philanthropic offerings.  Covie also leads several of the firm’s large family client engagements and manages all aspects of her clients’ financial affairs, including their investment portfolios, tax and estate planning, insurance needs, philanthropic planning, and liquidity planning.  Covie specializes in helping her clients to manage the impact of their wealth and ensure that their comprehensive wealth management strategy reflects their families’ values and goals.
Covie is also the author of the book “Raised Healthy, Wealthy & Wise: Lessons from successful and grounded inheritors on how they got that way,” for which she interviewed inheritors who went on to lead productive, motivated, and independent lives and summarized the key messages that work when raising children amid wealth.  Since the book’s publication in 2014, Covie has been a featured speaker at over 70 events for wealth-owning families and their advisors.  She particularly enjoys sharing the messages and stories from the book and seeing how they inspire families to make changes to put the lessons into practice in their own lives.
Covie has been recognized by Private Asset Management as one of “The 50 Most Influential Women in Private Wealth” in their May 2015 issue.  Additionally, for three consecutive years, 2008-2011 (the last year of the award), she was named one of the “Top 50 Women in Wealth Management” by Wealth Manager/AdvisorOne.com and was selected to the Boston Business Journal’s “40 Under 40” list in 2011.  Covie has been quoted widely, including in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and Investment News.
Prior to joining the firm in 2004, Covie consulted to financial advisory firms on manager evaluation, investment research, and marketing strategy through her own firm, Chauncy Street Consulting, LLC.  Covie started her career at Goldman Sachs. There she was Chief of Staff of Goldman Sachs’ Global Manager Strategies investment group, where she helped develop systems for manager searches in eleven asset classes.  Before serving as Chief of Staff, Covie specialized in evaluating international equity managers in emerging markets.
Covie is also a trained opera singer and pianist and serves on the board of Emmanuel Music in Boston.  She is a member of the Women’s Presidents’ Organization as well as the Collaboration for Family Flourishing, a community of professionals and family members devoted to helping families flourish across multiple generations of wealth.
 




Anja Saloranta, MBA                        Chief Operating Officer




Anja is the Chief Operating Officer of the firm.  She works with the CEO in the management of the company and leads strategic initiatives.
Anja has nearly 15 years of experience in investment management.  Prior to joining Ballentine in 2016, she worked at Redstar Ventures, a venture foundry, where she helped the firm launch and incubate one company per year. Prior to that, Anja was a Director and Portfolio Manager at SCS Financial, where she advised families on all aspects of their financial lives and led the firm’s impact investing practice.  Anja started her career in venture capital and private equity, holding investment professional positions at North Atlantic Capital, Capital Resource Partners and MissionPoint Capital Partners.
Anja received an MBA from Harvard Business School and earned her BS with honors from the University of Maine with dual majors in Business and French.
Outside of work, Anja is a dedicated yoga practitioner, and nature lover.  She and her fiancé live in Belmont, MA with their shaggy dog, Tuuli.
 




Claudia J. Shilo, MPASsm, CFP®, CPA, PFS                        Partner & Chief Financial Officer




Claudia is a Partner, Senior Client Advisor, and Chief Financial Officer at the firm.
Claudia has a Master of Science in Financial Planning (MSFP) from the College of Financial Planning and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from LeMoyne College. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and Certified Public Accountant who is qualified to use the Personal Financial Specialist designation (CPA/PFS). Claudia also holds a Master Planner Advanced StudiesSM designation (MPASSM).
Claudia brings an intimate knowledge of SEC reporting and business systems to her clients, many of whom are CEO’s and executives at public companies.  Prior to joining the firm in 2000, Claudia was the Vice President of Finance and Control for two of the largest divisions of Agway, Inc.  Prior to that, she owned and managed an accounting practice which serviced individual and corporate clients in the Syracuse, NY area.  Claudia started her accounting/auditing career at Coopers & Lybrand in Syracuse, where she worked primarily on audits of large SEC clients.
Claudia serves on the board of the Financial Planning Association – Northern New England and as Chair on the board of the Great Waters Music Festival. Claudia is also actively involved a number of other nonprofits, including the New Hampshire Lake Host program which assists local groups dedicated to protecting New Hampshire’s lakes and watersheds.
 
 


Team Structure





Find a team member by name: 

Roy C. BallentineWill BramanThomas W. BullittGiovanna F. CaseyChristopher C. ChandlerCal E. ChicoineMichael P. ChimentoTaryn M. DawsonJayson S. DeAngelisJennifer Dowling DoughertyAndrea C. DubucJennifer M. EatonCoventry Edwards-PittAlex FebonioAnn B. FisherElaine R. GillimSteven GoldmanSam GoughAndrew HackerDavid HansonMichelle S. HarrisonJohn HealyStephen H. HopkinsBrian C. KelleherTyler LambertSheila C. LawrenceSarah E. LuddenStephen A. MartoneRyan R. McManusDrew McMorrowJuan MejiaJake NorthrupAdam OchlisErik A. PalmasonAustin M. PoirierJeff PotterAnja SalorantaKyle J. SchafferClaudia J. ShiloBruce D. SimonChristian StahlmanMaggie SullivanSamuel ThayerWill TickleJ. Barry TubmanLeah M. WarrenDebra A. WhitneyMorgan WilliamsJulia Zhu 
 ? 
Start typing the name of the person you're trying to find.














			Back to team structure
Senior Client Advisors




Jayson S. DeAngelis, CFP®						        						                Partner, Senior Client Advisor, & Director of Business Development




Jayson is a Partner, Senior Client Advisor, and the Director of Business Development at the firm.

In his role, Jayson leads several of the firm’s largest client engagements and is also responsible for coordinating the business development efforts across the firm. In his work directly with client families, Jayson draws on his experience growing up and working in his own family’s business to help navigate the often complex relationship between family dynamics and the management of wealth.

Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Jayson worked as a Wealth Management Advisor in Merrill Lynch’s Global Private Client group where he built a practice serving over thirty families and focused primarily on the financial planning issues faced by small business owners.

Jayson graduated from George Washington University with a BBA in finance.  He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. Jayson is a member of the CFA Institute and the Boston Security Analyst’s Society.

Jayson is a competitive triathlete and an avid skier.  Jayson and his wife, Elena, live in North Reading, MA with their three daughters.  




Jennifer M. Eaton, JD						        						                Partner & Senior Client Advisor




Jennifer M. Eaton is a Partner and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. Jennifer, along with Christopher C. Chandler, CFA, CAIA, leads the Florida office for the firm. In her work with families, Jennifer draws on her extensive legal knowledge and expertise and wealth planning skills to assist families to define, articulate and achieve their various planning goals. She also enjoys working directly with families on non-estate and tax planning matters and spends significant time working with next generation family members to better prepare them to be good stewards of their family’s wealth.

Prior to joining the firm, Jennifer was a Vice President and Senior Family Wealth Advisor with GenSpring Family Offices for more than nine-years where she worked with wealthy families on a range of subjects including the oversight of tax and estate planning issues, philanthropic endeavors, family governance matters, trusteeship, and coordination of the flow of information with outside professionals.

Jennifer is an active member of the Florida Bar and was an estate and tax planning practitioner and Partner at a boutique law firm in Coral Gables, FL until 2006.  In her legal practice, Jennifer worked with high net worth families to identify and solve for her clients’ unique and often complex estate planning and asset transfer goals and objectives.

Jennifer earned her Juris Doctor from the University of Miami School of Law and attended the University of South Carolina where she received a B.S. in Criminal Justice. Jennifer is a founding member of Impact The Palm Beaches and an active member of the Palm Beach and Martin County Estate Planning Councils. Additionally, she is a member of the Elder Law, Real Property, and Probate and Trust Law sections of the Florida Bar.  




Stephen H. Hopkins, CPA						        						                Shareholder & Senior Client Advisor




Stephen is a Shareholder & Senior Client Advisor at the firm. Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Stephen was the Vice Chairman at Roundtable Investment Partners where he was responsible for delivering strategic advice and planning, investment management, and merchant banking services to some of the firm’s largest and most complex relationships.  Previously, Stephen was Co-Head, President and Chief Operating Officer of Citigroup Asset Management, a global money management firm with over $400 billion in assets under management and served as head of Citigroup’s Private Bank Asset Management Group and led Global Product Management for The Citigroup Private Bank.  In 2005, he led the sale of the Asset Management Division to Legg Mason, Inc. He subsequently joined Legg Mason, Inc. as a Senior Vice President with responsibility for a number of senior level initiatives related to the integration of CAM. Mr. Hopkins was formerly Chief Operating Officer for Asset Management Services at JPMorgan and later joined the Private Bank to launch Morgan’s largest internet venture, Morgan OnLine, the first private bank on the web. He was instrumental in the formation and development of Goldman Sachs Asset Management as a diversified global money management firm where he served as its Chief Financial Officer. Previously he was a Senior Manager in the Capital Markets Practice, at Arthur Andersen & Co.

Stephen served on the Executive Committee and Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute for over a decade. At Citigroup, he served on the board of CitiStreet, a joint venture of Citigroup and State Street bank, which was the 2nd largest 401(k) administrator in the United States. Stephen is currently on the board of Fund Evaluation Group, an institutional investment consulting, portfolio management and research firm and SRL Global, a financial services technology company. He has extensive leadership and hands-on operating experience.

Stephen graduated from the University of Rhode Island and is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).

Stephen has a home in Gilmanton, New Hampshire.  He is a skilled chef and an expert on fine wines and his wife, Judy, is a very serious gardener.  




Sheila C. Lawrence, MALD, CFP®						        						                Managing Director & Senior Client Advisor




Sheila is a Managing Director and Senior Client Advisor at the firm.  A significant portion of Sheila's practice involves estate planning, wealth transfer and investment management with a particular focus on financial education and coaching for the rising generation.  Sheila works closely with each member of a family to ensure continuation of money values from one generation to the next.

Prior to joining the firm in 2007, Sheila earned a Master of Arts in Law and Diplomacy (MALD) from The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, concentrating on international business and international trade policy.  She completed an internship in Singapore with the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation, researching emerging market investment risk management.  Prior to that, Sheila worked at Bear Stearns & Co., Inc. in the credit risk management department.  She managed credit risks across the firm's derivatives transactions portfolio, including those for high net worth clients.

Sheila graduated from the University of California at Berkeley, Summa Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, with a B.A. in Economics. Sheila is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and is a current co-chair of the Professional Advisors Network at The Boston Foundation.

Sheila has a life-long background and interest in dance, and is particularly passionate about environmental conservation and sustainable agriculture. She serves on the board of the Lexington Community Farm Coalition.  She and her husband, Jason, have two young children and live in Lexington, MA. Sheila speaks Mandarin Chinese.  




Stephen A. Martone, MSFP, CFP®						        						                Managing Director & Senior Client Advisor




Stephen is a Managing Director, Senior Client Advisor, and the Director of Wealth Advisory Operations at the firm. While responsible for multiple areas of wealth management, a significant portion of his practice is focused on wealth transfer techniques and estate plan structure. Stephen has expertise in cash flow planning and modeling, providing his clients with a holistic view that captures the interaction between investment management and personal spending.

As Director of Wealth Advisory Operations, his primary focus is on optimizing the organizational effectiveness of the wealth advisory practice. This is done through identifying process inefficiencies, thinking creatively to develop a solution, and engaging and motivating staff while providing the leadership throughout implementation. Stephen provides oversight of the wealth advisory staff with supervision and hiring responsibility of the Wealth Planners and Planning Associates.

Stephen is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. Prior to joining the firm in 2005, Stephen received a Master of Science in Financial Planning (MSFP), with distinction, from McCallum Graduate School of Business at Bentley University and a BS in Finance, Magna Cum Laude, from Bentley University. While at Bentley, he was a member of Beta Gamma Sigma International Honor Society, and was actively involved in community outreach programs.

Stephen resides in the Boston area and during his free time enjoys attending Celtics games with his wife and coaching in a youth basketball league.  




Adam Ochlis, CPA, MST						        						                Partner & Senior Client Advisor




Adam is a Partner and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. While responsible for multiple areas of wealth management, he has a particular expertise in income tax planning for high net worth individuals. He keeps abreast of tax developments and informs the firm of changes in legislation and implications for the firm's clients.

Before joining the firm in 2007, Adam was a tax supervisor at Levine, Katz, Nannis & Solomon, P.C., an accounting firm in Needham, MA, where he provided tax planning and compliance, financial statement preparation, and other accounting services to high net worth individuals and privately held companies. Prior to that, he worked at KPMG Consulting (now part of Deloitte), where he helped the United States Department of Defense improve and streamline various finance and accounting processes. Adam also spent nearly 10 years as an economist and policy analyst for the U.S. Departments of Labor and Education.

Adam received a Masters in Taxation from Bentley University, his Certificate in Accounting from the University of Virginia, and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Communications from the University of Michigan. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).

Adam is on the Finance Committee of Jewish Family and Children's Service. During his free time, Adam enjoys playing golf and tennis, following New England sports, and planning his family's next vacation. He lives with his wife, Eve, and their two teenagers in Newton, MA.  




Jeff Potter						        						                Managing Director & Senior Client Advisor




Jeff is a Managing Director and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. Prior to joining in 2014, he opened his own consulting firm, Esker Capital, to focus on providing operating and consulting services to businesses in the family office sector. Prior to starting Esker Capital, Jeff was a Partner and Chief Operating Officer at Capital Resource Partners, a private equity firm focused on investing in lower middle market companies.

Prior to Capital Resource Partners, Jeff was Vice President of Corporate Development for Reeves Industries, Inc., a family owned manufacturing company with operations in the United States and Europe. Early in his career, Jeff worked for CS First Boston in their restructuring group advising debtors and creditors and for Chemical Bank as a commercial lending officer executing leveraged loan transactions.

Jeff has an MBA from Yale with a concentration in Finance and a BA from Williams College.

Jeff enjoys hockey, hiking, outdoor activities, art history and traveling. Jeff and his family live in Weston, MA.  




J. Barry Tubman, CFA						        						                Partner & Senior Client Advisor




Barry is a Partner and Senior Client Advisor at the firm. His work with families spans the full range of issues related to wealth management, including investment strategy, estate planning, philanthropy, as well as the financial education of family members.

Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Barry was a Director with Mercer Management Consulting (now Oliver Wyman), where he provided counsel to senior executives at major corporations and investment firms. His experience included market and company analysis, portfolio planning, investment evaluation and due diligence, M&A, business strategy design, and operational improvement. Previously, Barry was a Senior Research Associate with Greenwich Associates, where he managed financial market studies covering banking and brokerage services in North America and Europe.

Barry received a Master of Management degree, with distinction, from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. At Kellogg, he completed majors in Finance, Marketing, and Management Strategy. Barry also earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics, with honors, from Princeton University. Barry holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and CFA Society Boston.

During his free time, Barry has supported admissions interviewing for both Princeton and Kellogg as a member of the Princeton Alumni Schools Committee and the Kellogg Alumni Admissions Organization. He has served as a member of the Professional Advisor Committee for the Foundation for MetroWest. Barry lives in Weston, MA, where he serves on the town's Community Preservation Committee.  




Leah M. Warren, CFP®						        						                Senior Client Advisor




Leah is a Senior Client Advisor at the firm. She is passionate about helping clients succeed in all parts of their financial lives, and is particularly interested in helping couples and families have healthy and fun dialogue about money and values.

Prior to joining Ballentine in 2013, Leah worked as an Operations and Client Service Associate at Daintree Advisors, working with high net-worth families and supporting a wide array of business operations. Prior to that, Leah was a Financial Planner at Lantern Financial, a planning firm working with young professionals and couples.

Leah graduated from Simmons College, magna cum laude, with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Spanish. She studied Financial Planning at Boston University and is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. She has been a member of the Financial Planning Association since 2009.

Leah currently lives in the Greater Boston area with her husband, Nicolas. In their free time they enjoy outdoor adventures, good food, and travel.

   




Debra A. Whitney, MS, CFP®						        						                Senior Client Advisor




Deb is a Senior Client Advisor at the firm.  She is interested in wealth transfer planning, financial literacy of second-generation clients, and philanthropic advising.

Before joining the firm in 2007, Deb held positions in exercise science and coaching.  She was a Physiologist in the National Team Division for USA Swimming where she conducted research and advised National Team coaches and swimmers on the physiology of training and competition.

Deb earned a Masters in Kinesiology and Applied Physiology from the University of Colorado and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics modified with Mathematics from Dartmouth College.  Deb is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.  She is an active member of the Boston Estate Planning Council and a vice chair of their Women’s Initiative Committee.

Deb enjoys biking, running, swimming, and triathlons.  She actively fundraises through community events for diabetes and multiple sclerosis.  Deb and her family live in Needham, MA.  














			Back to team structure
Senior Investment Advisors




Thomas W. Bullitt, CFP®, CFA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Tom Bullitt is a Partner and the Senior Investment Advisor leading the firm's team which caters to clients with $3 million or more of investable assets. The team provides a fully integrated approach to financial planning and investment management. The team also provides clients access to the investment strategy enjoyed by the full range of the firm's family office clients, scaled to fit their particular circumstances. Comprehensive financial planning guidance is provided by a team with many years of experience and is supported by the robust resources of the firm’s other specialists.

Prior to joining the firm in 2007, Tom worked for seven years as a Portfolio Manager and Investment Advisor for the Bank of New York (which acquired his employer Beacon Fiduciary Advisors). Prior to that, Tom worked for Adams, Harkness & Hill where he was a member of the Investment Management Division and a Portfolio Manager from 1996-2000. During his career in the investment business, Tom has focused on providing asset allocation advice and financial planning services for high net worth clients, managing investment portfolios, arranging private placements, and marketing a proprietary hedge fund to accredited investors. After graduating from college, Tom developed his financial skills during the first seventeen years of his career while working in a variety of corporate lending and management roles at Bank of Boston.

Tom has been quoted in Wall Street Journal online and Financial Planning Magazine.

Tom and his wife live in Brookline, MA and have three grown children. He enjoys his in-laws and most outdoor activities.  




Christopher C. Chandler, CFA, CAIA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Christopher is a Partner and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm.  Chris, along with Jennifer Eaton, JD, leads the Florida office for the firm. As a senior member of the investment team, Chris provides his clients with customized investment advice and recommendations as well as is part of the team that is responsible for asset allocation, manager due diligence, and portfolio construction.

Prior to joining the firm in 2015, Chris had a 10 year career with GenSpring Family Offices, a multi-family office providing wealth management and family office services to ultra-high net worth families.  Most recently, Chris was a member of the executive team with oversight for the quality of the clients’ investment experience and implementation through the GenSpring network of family offices.  He was one of few key decision makers responsible for shaping the firm’s guidance around asset allocation, manager selection, and portfolio construction. Previously, Chris was a Consultant at Hartland & Co, an institutional investment consulting firm to pension plans, endowments and foundations, and an Officer of Mellon Bank working with families.

Chris graduated with a B.S.B.A. from Boston University School of Management and an M.B.A. from Case Western Reserve University's Weatherhead School of Management. He holds designations of CFA charter holder and Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst. Chris is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of South Florida.

Chris is married with two children and lives in the Palm Beaches.  During his free time, Chris enjoys time with family, fishing, golf, and traveling.  




Michael P. Chimento, CFA						        						                Managing Director & Senior Investment Advisor




Michael is a Managing Director and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. He is responsible for investment outlook and manager due diligence within the fixed income, private debt, and private equity asset classes. Michael also maintains investment responsibilities related to certain client relationships.

Prior to joining the firm in 2007, Michael worked as a Senior Analyst at Athena Capital Advisors focused primarily on portfolio strategy for high net worth individuals. Michael began his career with Hawthorn, A PNC Advisors Company (now known as Veritable, LP). There, he was a Portfolio Manager for high net worth individuals and foundations. For a portion of time Michael was with Hawthorn, he was responsible for trading equity and fixed income securities.

Michael received his Masters in Finance from The George Washington University and his Bachelors in Accountancy from Villanova University. He earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation in 2003 and is a member of the CFA Institute and Boston Security Analysts Society.

Michael enjoys traveling and spending time with his family. He resides in the Boston area with his wife and three children.  




Jennifer Dowling Dougherty, MS, MBA, CFA						        						                Managing Director & Senior Investment Advisor




Jennifer is a Managing Director and Senior Investment Advisor and part of the team that caters to clients with $3 million or more of investment assets.  She consults with clients on all aspects of their financial affairs including investment, tax, estate, insurance, philanthropic, college, retirement, debt, and liquidity planning.

Prior to joining Ballentine Partners, Jennifer served as Chief Operating Officer and Principal at U.S. Boston Capital Corporation where she also served high net worth clients.  She also provided leadership to the firm’s investment processes, operational and technology improvements, and private investment management.  Earlier in her career, Jennifer worked as an engineer at AT&T Bell Labs, a consultant at Coopers & Lybrand, a senior administrator at MIT, as most recently as a Managing Director in the Executive Education division at Harvard Business School.

Her career shift to wealth management in 2007 allowed her to combine her financial, consulting, and analytical skills with her passion for organization, continuous improvement, and service toward long-term professional relationships. She finds great joy in helping families and small businesses develop plans that reflect their values and goals.

Jennifer holds an MBA from Harvard Business School, a Masters in Industrial Engineering from the University of Michigan, and a BS magna cum laude from Vanderbilt University.  She served as President of the HBS Women’s Association of Boston, on the Standing Committee of the Winchester Unitarian Society, and on a number of community and non-profit boards.

Jennifer met her husband in her native Miami, Florida where they both shared a life-long interest in tennis.  They have two high-school-aged children.  While they both have relished urban life in the greater-Boston area for nearly three decades, Jennifer always finds true peace near the waters of Biscayne Bay, Florida and Biddeford Pool, Maine, especially since there is almost always a good tennis game nearby.  




Elaine R. Gillim, CFA						        						                Managing Director & Senior Investment Advisor




Elaine is a Managing Director and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. Prior to joining Ballentine Partners, Elaine spent 15 years at Atlantic Trust Company (formerly Pell Rudman and Co.) as a Senior Vice President. She worked with a large group of high net worth clients while also contributing significantly to the firm's investment process and operations.

Prior to her role at Atlantic Trust, Elaine worked as a securities analyst at Fleet Bank. She is a Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Vermont with a degree in Zoology.

Elaine holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and Boston Security Analysts Society.

Elaine lives in Wellesley, MA with her husband and two teenagers. She enjoys golf, tennis, and yoga. Elaine is also an active participant in various community activities including currently serving on the Board of Directors of Wellesley A Better Chance, a non-profit organization for academically talented women of color from underserved communities.  




Austin M. Poirier, MSFP, CFA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Austin is a Partner and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. In addition to his client responsibilities, Austin oversees investments in natural resources, including public and private energy managers. Austin is responsible for formulating the firm's investment strategy, evaluating public and private investment opportunities and monitoring trends within the markets.

Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Austin worked as a Senior Financial Associate at Weston Financial Group where he created financial and investment plans for high net worth clients.

Austin received a Master of Science in Financial Planning (MSFP) from the McCallum School of Business at Bentley University and a Bachelor of Science in Management, Summa Cum Laude, from Bentley University.  Austin holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the Boston Security Analyst Society.

Austin resides in the Boston area.  In his free time, he volunteers in the Financial Planning Association’s military pro-bono program, providing financial planning, tax, and investment advice to service members and their families.  Austin is also on the investment committee of the First Baptist Church of Westwood.  




Kyle J. Schaffer, CFA, FSA						        						                Partner & Senior Investment Advisor




Kyle is a Partner and Senior Investment Advisor at the firm. Kyle is responsible for the firm's manager research effort and leads a team dedicated to the review, implementation, and monitoring of the firm's recommended investment managers across all asset classes.

Prior to joining the firm in 2003, Kyle spent two years in Hamilton, Bermuda working at Ace Tempest Life Re as a Vice President and Risk Officer. His responsibilities included all investment related functions of the company including asset allocation, manager selection, performance monitoring, and equity market exposure hedging. Prior to that, he spent 9 years at John Hancock Life Insurance Company as an investment analyst and later as a portfolio manager within John Hancock's fixed income group.

Kyle graduated from Brown University, Magna Cum Laude, with a BA in Applied Mathematics. He was awarded the Rohne Truel Premium for excellence in Applied Mathematics, an award that honors the top graduating Applied Math student. Kyle is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries (FSA) and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.

Kyle has been quoted in Investment News, CNN Money, and Bloomberg.

Kyle is married with two children and lives in the Boston area. During his free time, Kyle enjoys baseball, watching live music, and collecting wine.  




Bruce D. Simon, CFA, CPWA®						        						                Managing Director & Director of Portfolio Research




Bruce is a Managing Director and Director of Portfolio Research at the firm. Bruce rejoined Ballentine Partners in June 2016 as Managing Director and Director of Portfolio Research after more than 5 years as Chief Investment Officer of City National Rochdale, LLC, in Los Angeles. City National Rochdale, a wholly owned subsidiary of City National Bank, serves family clients across the United States with a staff of nearly 100 investment professionals. Before moving to Los Angeles, Bruce served as Chief Investment Officer of Ballentine in our Waltham office for three years. Prior to that, Bruce spent four years with Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management in New York and eight years with Glenmede in Philadelphia as Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager. In addition to working directly with a number of family clients, Bruce serves on Ballentine’s Investment Management Committee, which is responsible for the oversight of all of the investment activities for the firm.

Bruce received an MBA with a concentration in Applied Economics from George Washington University and a BS degree in Business Administration from Penn State University. Bruce holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and the Certified Private Wealth Advisor (CPWA®) designations.

He lives with his wife in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.  




Will Tickle, CFA						        						                Partner, Senior Investment Advisor, & Director of Impact Investing




Will is a Partner, Senior Investment Advisor, and the Director of Impact Investing at the firm. He is responsible for market research and evaluating and monitoring public and private investment opportunities for the firm's clients within his focus areas of real estate, timber and social impact investing.

Will graduated from Brandeis University with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics with minors in International Business and Spanish. While in college, Will spent his summers working at the firm and joined the company full time in 2003. Will holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.

Will lives in Cambridge, MA with his wife and spends much of his free time in the White Mountains of NH, hiking, skiing and biking, where he grew up.  














			Back to team structure
Investment Advisors




Jake Northrup, CFP®						        						                Investment Advisor




Jake is an Investment Advisor at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm, he worked as a Wealth Advisory Intern at Colman Knight Advisory Group where he conducted investment research and provided financial planning services to high net worth clients. Prior to that, Jake worked at Raytheon as a Finance Intern and also at State Street as a Processing Analyst.

Jake graduated Summa Cum Laude from the Isenberg School of Management at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2014 with a major in Finance and minor in Economics. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and a 2017 CFA Level II Candidate. He is actively involved in the financial planning community as a member of the NexGen committee for the Massachusetts Financial Planning Association.

Jake lives in Somerville, MA and in his free time enjoys exercising, playing sports, traveling and spending time with his friends and family.  




Julia Zhu, MSF, CFA						        						                Senior Investment Analyst




Julia is a Senior Investment Analyst at the firm. Julia's research is focused on hedge funds and emerging markets.

Prior to joining the firm in 2012, Julia was a Portfolio Management Intern with Wilmington Trust in Boston where she worked closely with portfolio managers and assisted in different aspects of the investment advisory process, including investment research, performance reporting, and investment proposals. Julia also worked in Beijing for PricewaterhouseCoopers as an Associate in M&A Tax Services, where she provided tax due diligence, deal restructuring and tax planning services to merger-and-acquisition transactions in diverse industries.

Julia received her Master of Science in Finance from Boston College Carroll Graduate School of Management. She also received a Bachelor's degree in Finance with honor from the University of International Business and Economics. Julia holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.

Julia lives in the Boston area and in her free time, she enjoys traveling, cooking, and practicing yoga. Julia is fluent in Mandarin Chinese.  














			Back to team structure
Investment Associates




Cal E. Chicoine						        						                Investment Analyst




Cal is an Investment Analyst at the firm. Cal’s research is focused on hedge funds and alternative investments.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Cal received his Master of Arts in International Economics and Finance from the Brandeis University International Business School. While attending Brandeis, Cal interned for a family financial services company where his primary responsibilities included researching US equities, monitoring clients’ portfolio risk, and back testing unique trading strategies for high growth companies. Cal also volunteered at Brandeis as a Student Consultant for the Massachusetts Department of Transportation – Real Estate Division where he lead a team of students in preparing development plans for real estate holdings next to multiple T-stops along commuter lines.

Cal is a graduate of Ithaca College where he majored in Finance and minored in Economics. As an undergraduate Cal worked for Low Income Housing Corporation where he performed market research.

He is currently a resident of Portsmouth, New Hampshire and is a lifelong New England sports fan. In the summer, he enjoys heading to the beach, playing golf, and cheering on the Red Sox.  




Alex Febonio						        						                Investment Analyst




Alex is an Investment Analyst at the Firm.

He graduated from the University of New Hampshire magna cum laude, majoring in Business Administration with a focus in Accounting and Finance, and a minor in Economics.

Prior to joining the firm, Alex interned with EY in the Commercial Assurance practice, R. Thomas Ashley as a Market Analyst, and John Hancock in Long-Term Care. Additionally, Alex was a member of the Atkins Investment Group at the University of New Hampshire where he held the positions of Sector Analyst, Sector Leader, and Vice President of External Affairs. As a member of the group he established the fixed income portfolio focusing on top down macroeconomic analysis.

Alex lives in Boston, MA. He is a car enthusiast who in his free time enjoys hiking in the White Mountain region, wind surfing, and spending time on Lake Winnipesaukee with family and friends.  




Steven Goldman						        						                Investment Analyst




Steven is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Steven received his Bachelor of Arts in Business from Brandeis University. After his junior year at Brandeis, Steven started working at Ballentine Partners as an intern and continued to work throughout his senior year. His responsibilities included building the firm’s Customer Relationship Management system, creating investment manager reports, and analyzing client portfolios.

While at Brandeis, Steven was a member of TAMID Investment Group where he consulted, researched, and analyzed startups with a student team to suggest business strategies to Israeli CEO’s.

Steven currently lives in Marblehead, Massachusetts and enjoys hiking and spending time with friends. He played tennis in high school, and is also an Eagle Scout.  




Andrew Hacker						        						                Investment Analyst




Andrew is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Andrew joined in 2016 from Brown Brothers Harriman where he worked in Fund Accounting Services, generating net asset values for large mutual funds and resolving issues related to derivatives pricing, capital stock transactions, and manager performance fees.  Previously, Andrew was an associate at PwC in their Risk Assurance practice where he audited investment industry clients’ internal control and regulatory frameworks.

Andrew graduated with a B.A. in Economics from Colorado College, where his senior thesis analyzed incentive structures surrounding public company boards of directors in relation to takeovers and acquisitions. He spent his junior year at the London School of Economics & Political Science studying Finance and Accounting. Andrew passed the CFA level III exam in 2016.

Andrew resides in Boston and spends time golfing, snowboarding and watching F1 racing. He grew up in the mountains of western Colorado and has traveled to over 30 countries.  




David Hanson, CFA, CAIA						        						                Investment Analyst




David is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, David was a Research Associate at the MBTA Retirement Fund, where he conducted investment research and due diligence across all major asset classes, with an emphasis on private equity and real estate investments.

David earned his B.S. in Management at the Boston College Carroll School of Management. His concentrations included Finance as well as Information Systems and Accounting. David holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and the Chartered Alternative Investment Association (CAIA) designation. He is a member of the CFA Institute, the Chartered Alternative Investment Association, and the Boston Security Analysts Society.

David lives in Dedham, MA with his wife. He enjoys hiking, skiing, and spending time with family and friends.  




Ryan R. McManus						        						                Investment Advisor Associate




Ryan is an Investment Advisor Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm, he worked as a Financial Planning Intern at New England Private Wealth Advisors where he helped create holistic financial plans for high net worth clients. Prior to that, Ryan interned at UBS, Boston Partners Financial Group and Morgan Stanley.

Ryan graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bentley University in 2016 with a major in Finance and Economics and a minor in History. While at Bentley, he was inducted into the economics honors society Omicron Delta Epsilon. Ryan is currently pursuing his CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner designation through the College for Financial Planning.

Ryan lives in Woburn, MA and in his free time enjoys golfing, playing various other sports, and spending time with his friends and family.  




Juan Mejia, CFA, MBA						        						                Investment Analyst




Juan is an Investment Analyst at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Juan worked as a Financial Advisor for a team of Ameriprise Financial advisors for eleven years.  Starting as an intern in 2004 after graduate school, Juan went on to become an integral part of the team working directly with clients to implement comprehensive financial plans and provide investment advice on a wide range of products.

Juan moved from Colombia in 1996 to pursue a BS degree in economics at the Indiana University of Pennsylvania after which he received an MBA from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, PA with concentrations in finance and IT.  In 2015, he became a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Charterholder and joined the CFA Society of South Florida.

Juan and his wife relocated to Florida in 2016 where they enjoy year-round golfing and attending outdoor events around the Palm Beach area.  In his spare time Juan likes to read books on finance and related matters and going to the movies.  




Samuel Thayer, CFP®						        						                Investment Advisor Associate




Sam is an Investment Advisor Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2017, Sam was an Associate Financial Counselor at The Colony Group in Boston, MA, where he provided financial planning services to high net worth clients. Prior to that, Sam worked as a fund accountant for Brown Brothers Harriman.

Sam graduated from Clarkson University in 2013 with a major in financial information and analysis and minors in economics law studies. Sam is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Sam lives in Cambridge, MA, and in his free time enjoys the outdoors, traveling, and spending time with friends and family.  














			Back to team structure
Planners




Andrea C. Dubuc, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




Andrea is a Wealth Planner at the firm. She is particularly interested in risk management and specializes in managing large family engagements.

Prior to joining the firm in 2002, Andrea earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from the University of New Hampshire, Summa Cum Laude. There, she placed first in the Paul J. Holloway Business Plan Competition that recognizes top student plans as judged by a panel of business leaders. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Andrea and her husband and sons live in Wolfeboro, NH. She enjoys reading, gardening, and spending time with her family.  




Sam Gough, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




Sam is a Wealth Planner at the firm. His area of expertise is implementing clients' complex estate planning and investment strategies. Sam serves as a specialized resource for his clients, whose families often have extensive financial infrastructure including multiple family investment and charitable entities.

Prior to joining the firm in 2004, Sam worked for Goldman Sachs as an Analyst in the Global Operations division for Fixed Income where his team was responsible for managing and improving trade flow for Goldman's sales and trading businesses in the mortgage-backed securities markets.

Sam graduated from Tufts University, Magna Cum Laude, with a BA in International Relations. While at Tufts, Sam also earned the Diploma of the International Program in Political and Social Sciences Po in Paris. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Sam is a disciplined recreational runner and has completed several road races, including a marathon and a half-marathon. Sam has also traveled abroad and in the United States and enjoys eating and cooking a wide variety of international cuisines. Sam and his family live in Plymouth, NH.  




Michelle S. Harrison, MBA						        						                Wealth Planner




Michelle is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Michelle began her career with State Street and then moved on to Brown Brothers Harriman where she was a Senior Financial Analyst. After a few years at BBH and as a newly minted MBA, Michelle wanted to do more to give back to the community so she took a support role at RefugePoint in Cambridge, which serves the most vulnerable refugees across Africa. Keeping with her passion for service, but desiring a deeper finance role, she decided to get back into financial services by taking a position with a fee-only financial planning firm.

Michelle received her MBA in Finance and BA in Economics and International Relations from Boston University. She is also currently pursuing her CFP® designation through Boston University’s Center for Professional Education. When not sending BU a check, she enjoys spending as much time outside as possible with her husband, daughter, son, and a large extended family.  




John Healy, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




John is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2015, John worked in the Personal & Business Planning Department at Commonwealth Financial Group. During his tenure at CFG, he assisted their advisors in researching and creating different financial strategies for families and closely held businesses.

John graduated from Bentley University in 2011 with a double major in Finance and Ethics & Social Responsibility with a minor in Economics. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

John and his wife, Krista, currently reside in Medford. During his free time, he enjoys visiting friends & family and stays active by golfing, snowboarding and playing hockey.

   




Brian C. Kelleher, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planner




Brian is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2014, Brian worked at  UBS Wealth Management. In his role at UBS, he worked with High Net Worth clients primarily in the on-boarding and relationship management processes.

Brian is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner and  graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bentley University with Bachelor of Science degrees in Corporate Finance & Accounting and Global Perspectives. While at Bentley, Brian was Vice-President of Delta Kappa Epsilon, and planned multiple large scale charitable events that raised thousands of dollars for breast cancer research through the Ellie Fund. He was also involved in the Bentley Green Society and participated actively to improve sustainability efforts and awareness throughout campus.

Brian lives in Brighton, MA and enjoys exercising, traveling, reading, and is an aspiring golfer and snowboarder.  




Maggie Sullivan, JD						        						                Wealth Planner




Maggie is a Wealth Planner at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2015, Maggie practiced law as a litigation associate at Campbell Campbell Edwards & Conroy, P.C., where she handled an array of complex civil litigation matters in both state and federal court.  Maggie is a member of the Massachusetts Bar.

Maggie earned her J.D. from Boston College Law School in 2011.  During law school, she was active in the Women’s Law Center and participated in the Civil Litigation Clinic at Boston College Law School’s Legal Assistance Bureau, where she represented indigent clients in social security, family law, and housing matters.  During law school, Maggie also clerked for the FDIC and a boutique estate planning firm in Boston.  She graduated from Boston College’s Carroll School of Management in 2007 with a Bachelor of Science in Management.  Maggie is currently pursuing her CFP® designation through the College of Financial Planning.

Maggie lives in Jamaica Plain with her husband and their English bulldog, Millie.  In her free time, she enjoys cooking, travel, golf, and spending time with family and friends.  














			Back to team structure
Planning Associates




Giovanna F. Casey, MBA, CFP®						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Giovanna is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Before joining Ballentine Partners in 2016, Giovanna worked as personal financial advisor and planner at 128 Alliance Financial. She began helping clients reach their financial goals in 2002, inspired by her own experience with a financial planner.  Earlier in her career, she managed complex customized software integration projects for Razorfish (formerly i-Cube), and served as practice management lead. Prior to that, Giovanna was a consultant for the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), where she helped a diverse set of clients with business strategy. She began her career as a consultant for the software company Interleaf, coincidentally in the same building where Ballentine Partners is now.

Giovanna holds an MBA from the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where she focused on strategy and the management of technological change.  As an undergraduate, she also studied at MIT, graduating with two Bachelor of Science degrees in Mathematics and in Cognitive Science. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner.

Giovanna and her husband Chris live with their two teenagers in Lexington, MA. She supports her daughter and son in their passions for horseback riding and basketball. When not singing in local community choirs, she enjoys traveling and spending time with her family around the world.

   




Taryn M. Dawson						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Taryn is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2012, Taryn was employed at Lakes Region Water Company, Inc. as Office Manager where she handled all customer billing transactions, state compliance reporting, payroll and benefits coordination, and various administrative duties. While at Lakes Region, Taryn integrated electronic billing and payment functionalities into the company’s existing financial software. She also worked as a Bookkeeper for Northern Woods Tree Service & Excavation Corporation in addition to serving as an Independent Reporting Consultant for small community water systems throughout the State of New Hampshire.

Taryn received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Biology from Boston University. During her time at BU, she resided in Boston’s Kenmore Square with Fenway Park in her backyard. The highlight of her senior year was relishing in the Red Sox’ first World Series win in 86 years.

Taryn lives in Wolfeboro, NH with her family.  During her free time, she enjoys snowmobiling, riding motorcycles, spending time at the beach, and visiting with family and friends.  Taryn hopes to explore her cultural roots in both Greece and Germany in the coming few years.  




Ann B. Fisher						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Ann is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2004, Ann was employed by the Supreme Court of the Philippines as a Branch Clerk of Court for one of the Second Level Courts in the Philippine Judiciary.

Educated in the Philippines, Ann graduated Magna Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics.  She has completed the CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ Certification Curriculum at The American College of Financial Services.  She also holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Law and is a member of the Philippine Bar.

Ann lives in Wolfeboro, NH with her family.  




Tyler Lambert						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Tyler is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, Tyler worked at ALDI Food Market as a District Manager. In his role at ALDI, Tyler managed all operations of a four store district where he was responsible for leading more than forty employees. Tyler was responsible for the growth, development and training of all of his employees as well as ensuring adherence to stringent store conditions. Prior to working at ALDI, Tyler also held positions as a Finance Intern at Goedecke & Co., AXA Advisors, and Waste Management.

He graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bentley University with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Finance, and a minor in Mathematical Sciences and Management.

Tyler lives in Hudson, NH. In his free time, he enjoys both watching and playing sports, along with spending time with his family and friends.  




Sarah E. Ludden						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Sarah is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Before joining the firm, Sarah worked at Fiduciary Trust Company where she had been for 8 years, most recently as a Senior Account Administrator, working with two financial advisors on 350 accounts, processing and monitoring the accuracy of asset transactions, creating customized financial reports, and fostering relationships with client families, foundations, and professionals.  Prior to that, she worked for State Street Financial as a Mutual Fund Account Controller and Ameriprise as a Financial Advisor.

Sarah graduated from Northeastern University with a Bachelor’s in Business Administration. She is currently pursuing her CFP® designation through Boston University’s Center for Professional Education.  Sarah is the Chair of the Forte539 Advisory Council for the Boston Center for the Arts and is a member of the Leadership Circle and Steering Committee for the Project Bread Walk for Hunger. She is also a member of the Financial Planners Association of Massachusetts.

Sarah and her husband live in the Greater Boston area, with their Yellow Lab, Honey.  She enjoys an active lifestyle through hiking, yoga and running and also enjoys writing poetry and traveling.  




Erik A. Palmason						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Erik is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining Ballentine Partners, Erik worked for the Bank of New York Mellon as a Global Income and Tax Specialist. In Erik’s Asset Servicing role, he processed dividend and interest income and filed tax reclaims for large institutional investors. His efforts focused on Swiss and Danish equities and debt securities.

Erik earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Allegheny College where he was active in service and community outreach. Erik served as Philanthropy Chairman in Phi Kappa Psi. His chapter was formally recognized for Philanthropic achievement, effectively bridging the gap between school and surrounding community by providing upwards of 2,000 hours of service per academic year.

Currently, Erik is pursuing his CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner designation through Boston University.

Erik is a Finance Committee member for the Congregational Church of Littleton, and spends his free time playing golf, traveling, and boating. He currently resides in Watertown, MA.  




Christian Stahlman, MSFP						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Christian is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2016, he was a Financial Planning Assistant at New England Private Wealth Advisors in Wellesley, MA where he assisted Senior Client Advisors in preparing client materials ranging from the updating of client’s financials to the preparing of tax summaries.  While in college, he was also an intern at Baystate Financial, Morgan Stanley, and Barclays Wealth in London.

Christian graduated Cum Laude from Bentley University with a Bachelor of Science in Corporate Finance and Accounting and graduated from the McCallum Graduate School of Business with a Master of Science in Financial Planning.  He also received a Certificate in Taxation during his time in the graduate program.

Currently, he is pursuing the CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner designation and planning to sit for the exam this year. He has been a member of the Financial Planning Association since 2015 and is also a member of NexGen, a community of FPA members focusing on the next generation of financial professionals. He lives in The Palm Beaches, and in his free time, Christian enjoys golfing, exercising, and playing classical piano.  




Morgan Williams						        						                Wealth Planning Associate




Morgan is a Wealth Planning Associate at the firm.

Prior to joining the firm in 2009, Morgan worked at Community Bank & Trust Co. in Wolfeboro NH, first as a teller, then loan servicer, and finally as a staff accountant until the bank was bought out by Chittenden Corporation and merged with Ocean Bank in 2008.

Morgan received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Psychology from Regis College with a concentration in Business Management.

Morgan is a co-founder of Assistance Canine Training Services (A.C.T.S), a non-profit organization that raises and trains service dogs for people with mobility problems. Morgan volunteers as a puppy raiser/trainer for the organization.  







Site Navigation
Our Approach
Overview
What Makes Us Different
What You Can Expect From Us
Code of Ethics
What We Do
Overview
Investing
Wealth Planning
Services for Single Family Offices
Our Team
Our Story
Leadership Team
Our Team Structure
Our People
Client Stories
Introduction
CEO of a Public Company
Sale of a Company
Inherited Wealth
Solution Snapshots
Our Thinking
News & Press
Investment Thinking
Investment Insights
White Papers
TH!NK Forums
Newsletters
Contact Us
Getting Started
Careers
Investment Offerings
 

			FOR DETAILS OF HOW ANY SURVEYS REFERENCED ABOVE WERE CONSTRUCTED, PLEASE REFER TO OUR DETAILED DISCLOSURES IN EACH LISTING. THE SURVEYS DO NOT IMPLY ANYTHING ABOUT A PARTICULAR CLIENT'S EXPERIENCE OR INVESTMENT RESULTS WITH BALLENTINE PARTNERS.
		© copyright 2017 Ballentine Partners

			

























Ballentine LifeScience Partners








Login or Register
   Site Owner? Start here 
 
 
 
   
 
HomeServicesAboutContact





 Ballentine LifeScience Partners is a boutique consulting firm focused on the commercial development of new products within the life sciences.
 
The firm specializes in delivering custom commercial guidance for products in the pre-clinical and clinical stage of development.   This includes:
-Assessing business development opportunities
-Developing product positioning
-Mapping out additional product opportunities including new indications and formulations
-Valuing a portfolio of products
 
Ballentine LifeScience Partners blends deep industry experience with data-driven decision making to  help its clients maximize the potential of their R&D investments and build long-term value. 
 








Tweet














 Home      © 2013 Ballentine LifeScience Partners, LLC




Powered by liveSite



                        Get your free site!
                    




需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017






Ballentine Partners LLC                                                                                                  - Wolfeboro                                         , NH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NH



Wolfeboro



Management Consulting Services



Financial Consultant



                            Ballentine Partners LLC
                                    



 





















B 


Ballentine Partners LLC                                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



55 MILL ST WOLFEBORO, NH 03894
Get Directions



(603) 569-1717
www.ballentinepartners.com                                                                              





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated NH
 Annual Revenue $4,030,540.00
 Employee Count 30
 Industries Financial Consultant
 Contacts Roy Ballentine                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ballentine Partners Llc                                                                                                  was founded in 1998, and is located at 55 Mill St in Wolfeboro. Additional information is available at www.ballentinepartners.com                                                                               or by contacting Roy Ballentine                                                                                                           at (603) 569-1717. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Ballentine Partners, LLC Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Ballentine Partners, LLCBBallentine Partners, LLCEDITLocationWaltham, Massachusetts, MARevenue$35mTotal Funding$–Founded1997Employees180StageprivateCompany Websiteballentinepartners.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Ballentine Partners, LLCBallentine Partners is an independent wealth management firm providing
comprehensive investment and family office services to wealthy families.Keywordswealth planning,investment management,family education and financial counsel,intergenerational wealth transfer strategies,financial servicesBallentine Partners, LLC CompetitorsUnited CapitalAt United Capital, our process and our mission are very simple – to help...WWetherby Asset ManagementWe are dedicated to providing exceptional wealth management services for...BBader Martin, P.S.Located in Seattle, Bader Martin is one of the Northwest's largest local...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Ballentine Partners, LLCStart trial to view recent news about Ballentine Partners, LLC.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

BALLENTINE PARTNERS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    BALLENTINE PARTNERS, LLC











Company number M15000002184
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 271557796
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/24/2015
        

Principal Address
            230 3RD AVE 6TH FLOOR, WALTHAM, 02451
            


Mailing Address P O BOX 1860, WOLFEBORO, MH, 03894
        
BALLENTINE PARTNERS, LLC Principals

President
                Mcmoprrow Andrew
                 


Address
                230 3RD AVE 6TH FLOOR, WALTHAM, MA, 02451
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY (c)
        

Agent Address
                1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301
                

BALLENTINE PARTNERS, LLC Events

1 LC AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 7/28/2015
            

Description
BALLENTINE PARTNERS, LLC has been set up 3/24/2015 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The BALLENTINE PARTNERS, LLC principal adress is 230 3RD AVE 6TH FLOOR, WALTHAM, 02451. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to P O BOX 1860, WOLFEBORO, MH, 03894. 
The company`s registered agent is CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY 1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301.  
The company`s management are President - Mcmoprrow Andrew. The last significant event in the company history is LC AMENDMENT which is dated by 7/28/2015. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
BALLENTINE VINEYARDS INC.
BALLENTITLE, LTD.
BALLENTRAE OF HILLSBOROUGH HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
BALLENTRAE TRANSPORT LLC
BALLENT REHABILITATION PA
BALLENTYNE ASSOCIATES INC.















Ballentine Partners , Llc in Waltham, MA 02451 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Massachusetts
» Waltham
» Financial Planning
» Ballentine Partners , Llc













Ballentine Partners , Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





230 3rd Ave Ste 28 Waltham, Massachusetts 02451


Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Ballentine Partners , Llc is located at the address 230 3rd Ave in Waltham, Massachusetts 02451.  Ballentine Partners , Llc specializes in Medical, Retirement Planning, IRAs.  Ballentine Partners , Llc has an annual sales volume of 5M – 9,999,999.  .For more information contact Will  Tickle,  or  go to www.ballentine-finn.comBallentine Partners , Llc provides Brokerage Services, Tax Filing, Business Accounting to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Ballentine Partners , Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Ballentine Partners , Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Student Loans
, Savings Accounts
, Rollover Plans
, Annuities
, Automobile Loans
, Checking Accounts
, VA Loans
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Futures
, Money Markets



SERVICES


Business Accounting
, Federal Returns
, Tax Filing
, State Returns
, Online Services
, Refund Anticipation Loans
, Brokerage Services
, Credit Counseling
, Term Life Insurance
, Disability Income


 BRANDS


State Farm
, Peachtree
, Microsoft
, Metlife
, Quicken


 SPECIALTIES


Medical
, Warehouses
, Agriculture
, Accounts Receivable
, Probate, Wills & Estates
, Restaurants
, Retirement Planning
, Sales Tax Issues
, Government
, IRAs



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone2: (781) 314-1300
Website: www.ballentine-finn.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 750-0000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 5M – 9,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Financial Planning
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Transamerica/Wfg


732 Lexington Street 25 Braintree Hill Office Park, Braintree Ma 02184 Waltham, Massachusetts 02452




Shields & Co Inc


890 Winter st Ste 160 Ste 160 Waltham, Massachusetts 02451




North East Planning Associates


40 Crescent St  Waltham, Massachusetts 02453




COONEY TW ASSO


255 Bear Hill Rd  Waltham, Massachusetts 02451




Lincoln Investment Planning


51 Sawyer Rd Ste 210 Waltham, Massachusetts 02453





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Will  Tickle

Phone: (781) 314-1300 
 



Michael P. Chimento

Phone: (781) 314-1332 
 



Alice  Finn
OWNER
Phone: (781) 314-1300 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














ballentine partners llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Best Financial Advisors - Find the Top Local Expert Here



Ad
 ·
smartasset.com/​find-advisor



Get Matched with the Right Advisor in Minutes by Answering these Questions.





How to Choose an Advisor



Financial Advisor Near Me




Financial Advisor Search



How to Avoid Bad Advisors





LegalZoom: Form An LLC - Helped Over 1M Businesses



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Searches related toballentine partners llc



ballentine partners waltham


ballentine partners llc waltham ma


ballentine partners waltham ma


ballentine partners boston



ballentine partners new hampshire


ballentine investments


ballentine partners wolfeboro nh


ballentine partners salary




Web Results

Wealth Management | Ballentine Partners

https://ballentinepartners.com


Ballentine Partners is an independent wealth management firm providing comprehensive investment and family office services to wealthy families.



Our Team



Contact Us



Our Approach



Ballentine Partners, LLC: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Ballentine Partners, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Ballentine Partners, LLC | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/ballentine-partners-llc


Learn about working at Ballentine Partners, LLC. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Ballentine Partners, LLC, leverage your professional network, and ...


Ballentine Partners LLC Takes Position in State Street ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/ballentine-partners...


Ballentine Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent ...


Ballentine Partners, LLC - Home | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/ballentineprs


Ballentine Partners, LLC. 33 likes · 5 talking about this. Ballentine Partners is an independent wealth management firm, providing comprehensive...


Ballentine Partners LLC - Dun & Bradstreet

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/ballentinepartnersllc...


Find the Ballentine Partners LLC business profile in Wolfeboro ...


May 30, 2017 - Ballentine Partners, LLC Buys iShares Core ...

https://www.gurufocus.com/news/526220/ballentine-partners-llc-buys...


Ballentine Partners, LLC Buys iShares Core S&P Small-Cap, Alphabet Inc, Vanguard S&P 500, Sells FedEx Corp, Alibaba Group Holding, iShares MSCI EAFE Small-Cap ETF ...


Ballentine Partners LLC Takes Position in Prudential ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/ballentine-partners...


Ballentine Partners LLC acquired a new position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with ...


Ballentine Partners LLC Invests $256,000 in Fortive ...

https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/13/ballentine-partners-llc...


Ballentine Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Fortive Corporation (NYSE:FTV) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with ...










Best Financial Advisors - Find the Top Local Expert Here



Ad
 ·
smartasset.com/​find-advisor



Get Matched with the Right Advisor in Minutes by Answering these Questions.





How to Choose an Advisor



Financial Advisor Near Me




Financial Advisor Search



How to Avoid Bad Advisors





LegalZoom: Form An LLC - Helped Over 1M Businesses



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs




Searches related toballentine partners llc



ballentine partners waltham


ballentine partners llc waltham ma


ballentine partners waltham ma


ballentine partners boston



ballentine partners new hampshire


ballentine investments


ballentine partners wolfeboro nh


ballentine partners salary




12345Next






Answers







Prospect Partners



Prospect Partners, LLC is a private equity firm that invests in management-led leveraged recapitalizations and buyouts of U.S.-based smaller...

more






Hausman LLC



Hurricane Sandy restoration repairs of infrastructure. Hausman handled PR for Natoli as the latter completed work on The Statue of Liberty. Rogers...

more






Aronson LLC



corporate finance and valuation services to middle-market companies in the defense and government technology services industries; and SpringReef...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








   2017's Best Financial Advisors - Find a Financial Advisor Near You | SmartAsset.com                                               Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It            When would you like to retire?    1-4 years   5-9 years   10-19 years   20-29 years   30+ years   Already Retired           How do you currently manage your money?    I manage my own investments   I use retirement plans (such as a 401(k), Roth IRA, IRA)   I use a robo-advisor   I work with a financial advisor   None of the above          Would you like advice on how to manage income and expenses in retirement?    Yes   Not necessary          Would you like your advisor to perform a complete assessment of your current retirement readiness?    Yes, must have   Nice to have   Not important          How comfortable are you with investing?    I consider myself to be an expert   I'm familiar with financial concepts like ETFs, Options, Annuities but do not consider myself to be an expert   I know the basics of retirement planning   I'm a beginner          Why are you interested in an advisor?    Planning to retire soon   Just married   Recently became a parent   Came into some money   Planning for a major expense   Looking for investment advice   Other           Why are you interested in an advisor?  Other (please explain)           Are you married?    No   Yes           Are you saving jointly or separately?    Separately   Jointly          Do you own your home?    No   Yes           Have you refinanced your home recently to take advantage of low interest rates?    No   Yes          Do you currently have children under 18?    No   Yes, 1   Yes, 2   Yes, 3 or more           Would you like help creating a college savings program for your child?    No   Yes          Do you own a business?    No   Yes          If your investments dropped 10% today, what would you do?    Invest More   Do Nothing   Sell to Cut Losses          How important is it for your financial advisor to have tax expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have estate planning expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have insurance product expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Is socially responsible investing important to you?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Do you currently have a financial advisor?    No   Yes          What is your zipcode?  Zipcode           Does your financial advisor need to be within driving distance of you?    Yes   No, I am comfortable working by phone or video-conference          Please estimate your total investable assets.    Less than $25,000   $25,000 - $99,999   $100,000 - $249,999   $250,000 - $499,999   $500,000 - $999,999   Over $1,000,000          How much are you currently saving on a monthly basis?    Less than $100   $100 - $249   $250 - $499   $500 - $999   $1,000 - $1,999   Over $2,000          We are looking for your match! We're reviewing data from hundreds of certified financial advisors from our vetted and trusted network.  Location Preferences Retirement Timelines Investment Experience Asset Requirements Risk Assessment Advisor Expertise Family Planning Investable Assets       What email should advisors use to speak with you?   Email            What is your full name?   First and Last Name            What is your phone number?   Phone              Thank you!       Show More    Next Steps For You           Thank you!  Invest with         Invest with      Show More    Next Steps For You Get started      Sorry! Something went wrong on our end.Please refresh your browser or come back and try again later.Restart     Why do we need this information?   Thousands of advisors operate in the United States. Your answers power our matching algorithm to select the best 2-4 advisors that meet your needs.Who is SmartAsset?SmartAsset is personal finance, made simple. We read tax codes, so you don't have to. Our personal finance calculators serve more than 3 million users every month.We’ve been featured in publications like:        We only have top-quality financial advisors:   SEC Registered 5-star rated At least 5 years of experience Vetted by reputable third parties    Return to question                   Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                   Choosing the Right Financial Advisor | SmartAsset.com                                                  Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It      Choosing the Right Financial Advisor Your Details Done By Eric Rosenberg        By Eric Rosenberg | November 23, 2016  If you know you want a financial advisor, choosing the right one can be a challenge. There are so many different fee structures and specialties, knowing how to sort through your options is difficult. You trust your financial advisor with your money, so it is important to make the best possible decision.How to Choose a Financial AdvisorWhen you start your search for a financial advisor, you need to find someone whose skills matches your needs. That means you need to recognize what you are looking for before you start looking.Here are some common needs from financial advisors: Cash flow management Budgeting Retirement planning Investing Paying for children's education No financial advisor is perfect for every need, which is why it is so important to understand your needs before hiring anyone.How to Find a Financial AdvisorYour first step in choosing a financial advisor after examining your needs is to find potential advisors. You will want someone who is easy to reach, and ideally not too far from your home or office so it is easy to get to a meeting if needed.There are over 750,000 registered financial advisors in the United States. SmartAsset's financial advisor search tool can help you navigate to the best advisor for your needs. Answer questions about where you live, your plans for retirement, and other financial priorities. In just a few minutes, you'll be all set and SmartAsset will have an advisor contact you.Questions to Ask a Financial AdvisorOnce you have found a few advisors, you should interview them to decide who is the best fit for your needs. Here are some example questions to ask to make sure you end up with the right advisor.How many years of experience do you have as a professional financial advisor? Do you want someone new and inexperienced managing your money? It is best to find someone with plenty of experience. Advisors with a decade or more under their belt have seen multiple economic cycles and can better help you weather the storm.What is your strongest focus area in financial planning? Some advisors are experts in retirement. Others have expertise in estates and trusts. Others still are best suited to help you pay for your child's education. Some financial advisors focus on people who are self-employed. Be sure to choose someone who can help with what you need, not what someone else needs.What is your budgeting philosophy? Every family's budget is unique. Budgets can be very detailed or more general. Some advisors suggest living frugally to meet your goals, others take a more balanced approach. Find an advisor with a philosophy that matches yours.How are you compensated? Some financial advisors are “fee only.” This means that you pay your advisor a flat fee for their services. Many advisors charge based on the size of your portfolio. The worst situation is where advisors are paid a commission by mutual funds. In this case, a conflict of interest exists. The advisor is incentivized to put your money into those funds even if they are not the best for your needs.How much does it cost to work with you? After learning how they are paid, make sure you know how much you will pay. No one wants a giant surprise bill after your first meeting.Are you a fiduciary? Fiduciary means putting your needs first. Many financial advisors work as a fiduciary and have to put your needs first, even if it means they earn less money. However, many financial advisors are not fiduciaries, and can give you advice that is not in your best interest.Do you own the same investments you'll suggest to me? Do they put their money where their mouth is? Advisors who suggest one strategy to clients and use a different strategy for their own finances should be a big red flag.How have your client's portfolios performed? How did you handle their portfolios during the Great Recession in 2008? These questions get to the root of their performance. If the advisor does not readily share this information, they are probably hiding something that went wrong in the past.  Make Sure Your Financial Advisor is LicensedFinancial advisors are not allowed to give you specific investment advice unless they are licensed. The most common and important license for a financial advisor is the CFP, or Certified Financial Planner. CFPs are regulated and must take a course and pass a test proving their competence in financial topics.Series 7 and Series 63 licenses give finance professionals the ability to recommend and trade stocks, bonds, and other investments on your behalf. Make sure your financial advisor has successfully completed both of these exams and has an up-to-date license.Beware of Lofty PromisesIf an advisor makes promises that sound like something from the 2016 Presidential Campaign, proceed with caution. Promises to beat the market and outperform other advisors and funds are easier said than done. Further, no advisor can promise that they will beat the market.At the end of the day, many financial advisors have similar skills. They use comparable tools and reports to stay up-to-date on the markets and help find the best investments for you. If any advisor gives you a bad vibe, don't feel bad looking elsewhere.Choose an Advisor You Can TrustAfter you have met with a few advisors, it is time to make your decision. Asking about licenses, fees, and past performance is black and white. There are other parts of the decision that are a bit more subjective.Do you like the person? Do you trust them? Would you trust them with your daughter's education fund? Your retirement?If you have been able to limit your list down to your final few, it is time to trust your gut. It is important to have an advisor you like, trust, and enjoy interacting with. Your money is too important to put in the hands of someone you don't trust. Pick and advisor who feels like a partner who will stand beside you through your financial journey. If you do, you'll be on track for a great financial future.If you're ready to start, answer a few questions in SmartAsset's financial advisor selection tool and you'll be contacted by a few advisors in your area to choose from.      Do I Need a Financial Advisor?   Find a Financial Advisor in Your Neighborhood      1 How much house can I afford? 2 How much house can I afford and some more text? 3 How much house can I afford and some more text? 4 How much house can I afford? 5 How much house can I afford? 6 How much house can I afford? 7 How much house can I afford?              Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                   7 Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor | SmartAsset.com                                                  Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It      7 Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor Your Details Done By Eric Rosenberg        January 19, 2017  Choosing a financial advisor is a big decision. Unlike hiring a mechanic or hairstylist, financial advisors are usually long term relationships. They are also taking responsibility for your money. With your entire livelihood on the line, choosing the wrong advisor would be a big mistake. Avoid these 7 common blunders when choosing an advisor to ensure you are on track to meet your financial goals.1. Hiring the First Advisor You MeetDepending on where you live, you could have dozens of options for advisors. It is tempting to hire the closest advisor to home. Some people might just pick the first advisor in the yellow pages. This decision requires more time. Take the time to interview at least a few advisors before picking the best match for you.2. Choosing an Advisor with the Wrong SpecialtyAdvisors can have different focus area. Some specialize on retirement planning. Some are best for business owners or those with a high net worth. Others are best for young professionals starting a family. This type of focus does not make an advisor better or worse. It makes them better for certain people than others. Be sure to understand an advisor’s strengths and weaknesses. Do that before signing on the dotted line.3. Picking an Advisor with an Incompatible StrategyEach advisor has a unique strategy. Some advisors may suggest aggressive investments. Others are more conservative. Again, there is no right or wrong. However, there is a right and wrong for you. If you don’t feel comfortable with risk, don’t choose an advisor that prefers aggressive investments. If you prefer to go all in on stocks, an advisor that prefers bonds and index funds is not a great match for your style.4. Skipping Checking ReferencesMost advisors are happy to offer references to prospective clients. If you ask about references and they act nervous, that's a red flag! Quality advisors are happy to discuss past missteps and what they learned. This helps them keep from repeating the same mistake in the future. Calling references only takes a couple of minutes. It can help put you at ease when handing over the keys to your bank account.5. Not Asking about CredentialsTo give investment advice, financial advisors are required to pass a test. Ask your advisor about their licenses, tests, and credentials. This ensures they are qualified to meet your needs. Financial advisors tests include the Series 7 and Series 66 or Series 65. Some advisors go a step further and become a Certified Financial Planner, or CFP. Also ask where they went to school and what degree they earned. Some advisors have a finance degree from a top school. Others could have an English degree from a community college.6. Making Assumptions When They are Affiliated with a Reputable BrandAn advisor might appear qualified and professional due to an association with a major firm like J.P. Morgan or Morgan Stanley. However, that doesn’t make them a great advisor. Working with an advisor from a reputable firm is not a bad idea. It often leads to stability and better tools and information. However, they still have quite a bit of autonomy. Choose an advisor because they are the best fit, not because of their branding.7. Not Understanding How They are PaidThere are different payment models for financial advisors. Some are “fee only.” In this case, they charge a flat rate no matter what. Others charge a percentage of assets under management. Some advisors are paid by mutual funds. This is the worst situation for you. This is a serious conflict of interest. If the advisor earns more by ignoring your best interests, do not hire them.Do Your Research to Find the Perfect AdvisorChoosing a financial advisor is an important decision. It requires the best information available. Gathering information about financial advisors can be tough. That is why SmartAsset created a financial advisor match tool. Answering basic questions results in a list of local advisors to choose from. It doesn't matter if you need help with your finances or just want a second opinion. Find the perfect advisor for your needs today!        Do I Need a Financial Advisor?   Find a Financial Advisor in Your Neighborhood      1 How much house can I afford? 2 How much house can I afford and some more text? 3 How much house can I afford and some more text? 4 How much house can I afford? 5 How much house can I afford? 6 How much house can I afford? 7 How much house can I afford?              Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                   2017's Best Financial Advisors - Find a Financial Advisor Near You | SmartAsset.com                                               Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It            When would you like to retire?    1-4 years   5-9 years   10-19 years   20-29 years   30+ years   Already Retired           How do you currently manage your money?    I manage my own investments   I use retirement plans (such as a 401(k), Roth IRA, IRA)   I use a robo-advisor   I work with a financial advisor   None of the above          Would you like advice on how to manage income and expenses in retirement?    Yes   Not necessary          Would you like your advisor to perform a complete assessment of your current retirement readiness?    Yes, must have   Nice to have   Not important          How comfortable are you with investing?    I consider myself to be an expert   I'm familiar with financial concepts like ETFs, Options, Annuities but do not consider myself to be an expert   I know the basics of retirement planning   I'm a beginner          Why are you interested in an advisor?    Planning to retire soon   Just married   Recently became a parent   Came into some money   Planning for a major expense   Looking for investment advice   Other           Why are you interested in an advisor?  Other (please explain)           Are you married?    No   Yes           Are you saving jointly or separately?    Separately   Jointly          Do you own your home?    No   Yes           Have you refinanced your home recently to take advantage of low interest rates?    No   Yes          Do you currently have children under 18?    No   Yes, 1   Yes, 2   Yes, 3 or more           Would you like help creating a college savings program for your child?    No   Yes          Do you own a business?    No   Yes          If your investments dropped 10% today, what would you do?    Invest More   Do Nothing   Sell to Cut Losses          How important is it for your financial advisor to have tax expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have estate planning expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have insurance product expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Is socially responsible investing important to you?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Do you currently have a financial advisor?    No   Yes          What is your zipcode?  Zipcode           Does your financial advisor need to be within driving distance of you?    Yes   No, I am comfortable working by phone or video-conference          Please estimate your total investable assets.    Less than $25,000   $25,000 - $99,999   $100,000 - $249,999   $250,000 - $499,999   $500,000 - $999,999   Over $1,000,000          How much are you currently saving on a monthly basis?    Less than $100   $100 - $249   $250 - $499   $500 - $999   $1,000 - $1,999   Over $2,000          We are looking for your match! We're reviewing data from hundreds of certified financial advisors from our vetted and trusted network.  Location Preferences Retirement Timelines Investment Experience Asset Requirements Risk Assessment Advisor Expertise Family Planning Investable Assets       Where should we send information about your advisors?   Email            Great! We've found some fantastic advisors who fit your needs.Who should we have them reach out to?   First and Last Name            The best way to choose an advisor is by actually speaking with them.What phone should they use to reach out to you?   Phone              Thank you!       Show More    Next Steps For You           Thank you!  Invest with         Invest with      Show More    Next Steps For You Get started      Sorry! Something went wrong on our end.Please refresh your browser or come back and try again later.Restart     Why do we need this information?   Thousands of advisors operate in the United States. Your answers power our matching algorithm to select the best 2-4 advisors that meet your needs.Who is SmartAsset?SmartAsset is personal finance, made simple. We read tax codes, so you don't have to. Our personal finance calculators serve more than 3 million users every month.We’ve been featured in publications like:        We only have top-quality financial advisors:   SEC Registered 5-star rated At least 5 years of experience Vetted by reputable third parties    Return to question                   Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                