








Poxel Appoints Khoso Baluch to Board - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Poxel Appoints Khoso Baluch to Board


March 21, 2013
By Angela Sormani



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Poxel Appoints Khoso Baluch to Board
Biopharma startup Poxel has appointed Khoso Baluch to its board of directors. Baluch will serve as an independent director. He is senior vice president & president European region at UCB, the global biopharmaceutical company. Poxel is backed by Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners, InnoBio and Omnes Capital.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Biopharma startup Poxel has appointed Khoso Baluch to its board of directors. Baluch will serve as an independent director. He is senior vice president & president European region at UCB, the global biopharmaceutical company. Poxel is backed by Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners, InnoBio and Omnes Capital. 
PRESS RELEASE
Poxel SA today announced the appointment of Khoso Baluch to its Board of Directors. Mr. Baluch will serve as an independent director and will further strengthen the Board by providing additional business strategy expertise on a worldwide basis. Khoso Baluch is senior vice president & President European Region at UCB, the global biopharmaceutical company. Prior to joining UCB, Khoso worked for Eli Lilly & Co for 24 years, holding international positions spanning Europe, the Middle East and the United States in General Management, Business Development, Market Access and Product leadership. Khoso was appointed Vice President of U.S. Diabetes and Family Health Business unit during his tenure at Lilly. He served as a Board Member of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Indiana Chapter, and was Chair of the nomination committee. He also served at the American Diabetes Association National Industry Advisory Board. Khoso is also a member of the World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) Executive Committee.
Mr. Thierry Hercend, MD, PhD and chairman of the board, commented: “We are very pleased to have Mr. Baluch serve on our board. With his long-standing, international experience and know how in the pharmaceutical industry, especially his deep expertise in the Type 2 diabetes space and his extensive network in the diabetes community, Khoso will make a significant contribution to Poxel as it moves forward over the coming years.”
Khoso Baluch added: “I look forward to working with the Poxel team to further enhance the value and the commercial opportunity of its lead program for diabetes. Imeglimin, Poxel’s very promising anti-diabetic product represents a new treatment option for the rapidly growing needs of Type 2 diabetic patients. I am excited to be a part of this novel therapy approach with a company dedicated to helping diabetes patients achieve a better quality of life. 





About Poxel SA
Poxel, founded in 2009, is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative first-in-class drugs, with a primary focus on Type 2 diabetes. The company develops drug candidates to clinical proof-of-concept before seeking pharmaceutical industry partners. Poxel was spun out from Merck Serono. It operates independently as a lean organization with strong in-house drug development expertise.
Poxel’s product pipeline consists of several first-in-class Type 2 diabetes products, including Imeglimin in Phase II development. Recently, Imeglimin has also shown significant clinical benefits in Type 2 diabetes, when added to sitagliptin. The Phase II study achieved the primary and secondary endpoints. Previously, Imeglimin has shown incremental efficacy as an add-on therapy to metformin, in patients inadequately controlled by monotherapy. In addition, a direct activator of AMPK is in preclinical development for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes.
For more information, please visit www.poxel.com
Media Contacts
Poxel SA
MC Services AG
Mrs. Pascale Malgouyres
Mr. Raimund Gabriel
Business Development and Marketing Director
Managing Partner
Phone: +33 437 372 012
Phone: +49 89 2102 280
Email: [email protected]
Email: [email protected]
Press release PDF
About Poxel SA
Poxel, founded in 2009, is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative first-in-class drugs, with a primary focus on Type 2 diabetes. The company develops drug candidates to clinical proof-of-concept before seeking pharmaceutical industry partners. Poxel was spun out from Merck Serono. It operates independently as a lean organization with strong in-house drug development expertise. 





Poxel’s product pipeline consists of several first-in-class Type 2 diabetes products, including Imeglimin in Phase II development. Recently, Imeglimin has also shown significant clinical benefits in Type 2 diabetes, when added to sitagliptin. The Phase II study achieved the primary and secondary endpoints. Previously, Imeglimin has shown incremental efficacy as an add-on therapy to metformin, in patients inadequately controlled by monotherapy. In addition, a direct activator of AMPK is in preclinical development for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Poxel Appoints Khoso Baluch to Board
Biopharma startup Poxel has appointed Khoso Baluch to its board of directors. Baluch will serve as an independent director. He is senior vice president & president European region at UCB, the global biopharmaceutical company. Poxel is backed by Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners, InnoBio and Omnes Capital.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 































Mohammed Khoso Baluch: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:32 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Poxel SA



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Mohammed Khoso Baluch  Independent Director, Poxel SAAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships--€40,000
Background

		Mr. Khoso Baluch serves as Senior Vice President and President of European Region at UCB. Prior to joining UCB, Mr. Baluch worked for Eli Lilly & Co for 24 years, holding international positions spanning Europe, the Middle East and the United States in General Management, Business Development, Market Access and Product leadership. Mr. Baluch was appointed Vice President of U.S. Diabetes and Family Health Business unit during his tenure at Lilly. He serves as Independent ... Director of Poxel SAS. He served as a Board Member of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Indiana Chapter, and was Chair of the nomination committee. He also served at the American Diabetes Association National Industry Advisory Board. Mr. Baluch is also a member of the World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) Executive Committee.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Immeuble Le SunwayLyon, Rhône-Alpes 69007FrancePhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Independent DirectorPoxel SA
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
				There is no Company Affiliations data available.
			

Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation€40,000Total Calculated Compensation€40,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Poxel SA, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























CorMedix Inc. Appoints Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)CorMedix Inc. Appoints Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive OfficerAccesswireOctober 3, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareBEDMINSTER, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / October 3, 2016 / CorMedix Inc. (NYSE MKT: CRMD), a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory diseases, announced today that it has concluded its executive search with the appointment of Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Baluch succeeds Randy Milby, who previously announced that he would be stepping down as CEO. In conjuction with the appointment, Mr. Baluch will join CorMedix's Board of Directors, replacing Mr. Milby. Mr. Baluch has 32 years of combined experience in general management, commercial, business development and pharmaceutical development and has a proven track record of success in building organizations, both in the U.S. and internationally, and successfully launching new products.Cora Tellez, Chair of the CorMedix Board of Directors, said, "In Khoso Baluch, we have found an outsanding leader for CorMedix as the Company prepares for the next stage in its development. Khoso's record demonstrates strong commercial and operational execution, which we believe is important for the company's future as we advance Neutrolin® through Phase 3 clinical studies and potentially launch our product in the U.S. if we receive FDA approval. We offer our sincerest thanks to Randy Milby for his dedication and immeasurable contribution to the success of CorMedix, as his leadership brought us to this inflection point. On behalf of the Board, our best wishes are with him in his next endeavor."Khoso Baluch, Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix, said, "Having worked for decades with prominent pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, I am looking forward to preparing CorMedix for the potential launch of Neutrolin, a promising anti-microbial. Infection is a vital issue to the global healthcare system, and in the U.S. in particular, an aging population could generate greater use of catheters and attendant risk of bloodstream infections. In addition, I look forward to continuing to explore additional product opportunities for CorMedix in diverse areas of infectious disease, oncology, aesthetics, dermatology, and orthopedics, based on its taurolidine-based platform."Randy Milby, former Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix, said, "In my time at CorMedix, we have achieved a great deal. We have completed successful rounds of financing that raised $60M for CorMedix, gained CE Marking for Neutrolin in the EU and Middle East, and advanced Neutrolin into late-stage clinical development in the United States. We have entered into select, strategic parterships to generate additional potential up-side with our taurolidine technology. Khoso's track record on commercializing products makes him a strong choice as the Company enters the final stretch towards a potential NDA filing and commercial launch for Neutrolin. I'm bullish about the Company's prospects and intend to make myself available to assist in the transition and provide consultation as needed."Mr. Baluch has built and led successful U.S. and international commercial teams in the primary care, specialty and hospital segments, launching leading products including Cialis, Byetta, Insulin devices, Cimzia, Vimpat and Neupro. During the 24 years Mr. Baluch worked for Eli Lilly & Co, he held international positions in general management, business development, market access and product leadership, and spanning Europe, the Middle East and the United States. At Lilly, as Diabetes Worldwide Franchise head, he had responsibility for guiding pipeline products from Phase 3 to completion on the market. He oversaw a team of nearly 130 people responsible for the medical, regulatory, legal, supply chain, marketing, pricing and reimbursement aspects of drug launches in the U.S. and globally.Following his tenure at Lilly, Mr. Baluch held multiple positions at UCB, the global biopharmaceutical company, as Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer and most recently serving as Senior Vice President & President European Middle East & Africa (EMEA) Region. Since 2013, Mr. Baluch has been a board member of Poxel, a French publically traded Biotech Company.About CorMedix Inc.CorMedix Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory disease. The Company is focused on developing its lead product Neutrolin®, a novel, non-antibiotic antimicrobial solution designed to prevent costly and dangerous bloodstream infections associated with the use of central venous catheters. Such infections cost the U.S. healthcare system approximately $6 billion annually and contribute significantly to increased morbidity and mortality. Neutrolin is currently in a Phase 3 clinical study in patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis via a central venous catheter. The company is planning to conduct its second Phase 3 study in patients with cancer receiving IV parenteral nutrition, chemotherapy and hydration via a chronic central venous catheter, subject to sufficient resources. If successful, the two pivotal studies may be submitted to the FDA for potential approval for both patient populations. Neutrolin has FDA Fast Track status and is designated as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, contributing to potentially accelerated FDA review and up to 10 years of market exclusivity upon potential U.S. approval. It is already a CE Marked product in Europe and other territories. CorMedix is also seeking to unlock additional value for its taurolidine-based technology by establishing collaborative partnerships in oncology and medical device applications. For more information visit: www.cormedix.com.Read MoreFor Investors & Media:Tiberend Strategic Advisors, Inc.Joshua Drumm, Ph.D. jdrumm@tiberend.com (212) 375-2664Janine McCargo jmccargo@tiberend.com (646) 604-5150Forward-Looking Statements:This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, regarding management's expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or CorMedix's prospects, future financial position, financing plans, future revenues and projected costs should be considered forward-looking. Readers are cautioned that actual results may differ materially from projections or estimates due to a variety of important factors, including: the cost, timing and results of the ongoing and planned Phase 3 trials for Neutrolin® in the U.S.; obtaining regulatory approvals to conduct clinical trials and to commercialize CorMedix's product candidates, including marketing of Neutrolin in countries other than Europe; the risks and uncertainties associated with CorMedix's ability to manage its limited cash resources; the outcome of clinical trials of CorMedix's product candidates and whether they demonstrate these candidates' safety and effectiveness; the risks associated with the launch of Neutrolin in new markets; CorMedix's ability to enter into, execute upon and maintain collaborations with third parties for its development and marketing programs; CorMedix's ability to maintain its listing on the NYSE MKT; CorMedix’s ability to identify and enter into strategic transactions; CorMedix's dependence on its collaborations and its license relationships; achieving milestones under CorMedix's collaborations; obtaining additional financing to support CorMedix's research and development and clinical activities and operations; CorMedix's dependence on preclinical and clinical investigators, preclinical and clinical research organizations, manufacturers, sales and marketing organizations, and consultants; and protecting the intellectual property developed by or licensed to CorMedix. These and other risks are described in greater detail in CorMedix's filings with the SEC, copies of which are available free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or upon request from CorMedix. CorMedix may not actually achieve the goals or plans described in its forward-looking statements, and investors should not place undue reliance on these statements. CorMedix assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.SOURCE: CorMedix Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextMansfield chief executive Carolyn Radford makes bizarre musical pitch for FA Council seatThe TelegraphEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredPepsi Is an Easier Investment to Drink Up Than Coca-Cola -- Jim Cramer Reveals WhyThe StreetWeyerhaeuser will spend millions to fix stinky wood in homesPuget Sound Business JournalU.S. House Panel Wants CEOs at Amazon, Facebook, and Verizon to Testify About Net NeutralityFortuneDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderFacebook beats across the board for Q2, but shares still slideBusiness InsiderMcCain slams Trump's transgender military ban, says it's why 'major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter'Business InsiderStay Cool This Summer with Sam's Club!Sam's ClubSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoMoney Basics: What is a hedge fund?Yahoo FinanceWhite House press secretary threatens to end briefing amid grilling over Trump's transgender banBusiness InsiderStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredFacebook profit surges 71 percent as mobile ad sales soarReutersTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoSens. McCain and Ernst, both veterans, oppose Trump’s ban on transgender military serviceC: Americans should not have to pay for anyone's reassignment surgery.
Certainly not the military!Join the Conversation1 / 51.7k








    Khoso Baluch | CorMedix Inc. | ZoomInfo.com 












Khoso Baluch, UCB S.A. President, EMEA & SVP - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Khoso Baluch
President, EMEA & SVP, UCB S.A.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Khoso Baluch at UCB S.A.. Khoso Baluch works as President, EMEA & SVP , acting in a Executive Management role . .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


11/10/2016:


CorMedix Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Updates

..... Eastern Time.
Key Business and Financial Updates:
Corporate:
- Appointed former Lilly and UCB executive Khoso Baluch as CEO, bringing >30 years of operational and product launch experience, both U.S. and internationally
- Entered into collaboration with Pediatric Oncology Experimental Therapeutics Investigators Consortium (POETIC) to develop taurolidine-based therapies for treating rare pediatric cancers
Neutrolin® Phase 3 Program:
- Recently completed a comprehensive assessment of LOCK-IT 100, involving principle investigators and other clinical staff from multiple clinical trial sites
- Continued to enroll hemodialysis patients and engage new clinical sites; currently expect to complete patient enrollment in LOCK-IT 100 in the fourth quarter of 2017
- Final LOCK-IT 200 Phase 3 study is planned to be conducted in oncology patients with chronic central venous catheters; timing of initiation will be based on the final trial protocol and funding
Financial:
- $26.7 million in cash and short-term investments as of September 30, 2016, vs $28.6 million at June 30, 2016
- Net change in cash during the third quarter was $1.9 million; net cash used in operation in the third quarter was $6.5 million
- Filed for a new $40 million at-the-market (ATM) program to replace, when available, the current ATM program that has $4.1 million remaining
"Neutrolin has the potential to alleviate the significant public health and pharmacoeconomic burden caused by catheter-related bloodstream infections, to the benefit of patients and healthcare systems worldwide," said Khoso Baluch, CorMedix CEO. "In the face of antibiotic resistance and a vulnerable patient population, we expect Neutrolin to emerge as a powerful anti-infective with a broad spectrum mechanism of action against most types of bacterial and fungal infections, including MRSA, without any evidence of microbial resistance......

People In This Article:
Khoso Baluch
 

11/24/2015:


UCB appoints new managing director of Britain and Ireland

UCB have appointed Steve Turley as managing director for the British and Irish isles.
Turley will also be an important figure in UCB's European Leadership Team and will report to Khoso Baluch, head of EMEA Operations.
Turley joins from Lundbeck and brings with him over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry at Merck Sharp & Dohme, Roche and Actelion. .....

People In This Article:
Khoso Baluch
 





Learn more about Khoso Baluch  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Khoso Baluch and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved





























CorMedix's (CRMD) CEO Khoso Baluch on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»CorMedix's (CRMD) CEO Khoso Baluch on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.10.17 | About: CorMedix Inc. (CRMD) CorMedix Inc. (NYSEMKT:CRMD)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 10, 2017 4:30 PM ET
Executives
Joshua Drumm - Investor Relations
Khoso Baluch - Chief Executive Officer
Bob Cook - Chief Financial Officer
Judith Abrams - Chief Medical Officer
Tony Pfaffle - Chief Scientific Officer
Analysts
Raghuram Selvaraju - Rodman and Renshaw
Ed White - FBR and Company
Operator
Greetings and welcome to the CorMedix First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joshua Drumm, Investor Relations for CorMedix. Please go ahead.
Joshua Drumm
Thanks, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to the CorMedix first quarter 2017 investor conference call. Before turning the call over to management, I would like to make the following remarks concerning forward-looking statements.
During the call, we may make what are known as forward-looking statements within the meaning set forth in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and include, but are not limited to, any of the following. Any statements other than statements of historical fact regarding management’s expectations, beliefs, goals and plans about the company’s prospects, including its clinical development program for Neutrolin in the United States and other product candidates, future financial position, future revenue and projected costs, and market acceptance of Neutrolin and other product candidates.
More specifically, forward-looking statements include any statements about our clinical development plans and the timing, costs and results thereof, projections as to the company’s future capital raising, spending and cash position, expectations as to the timing and nature of anticipated regulatory actions, possible product licensing or other business development transactions, any commercial plans and expectations, market projections for our product candidates, and expectations as to manufacturing and product component costs.
Our actual results may differ materially from these projections or estimates due to a variety of important factors including, but not limited to, uncertainties related to clinical development, regulatory approvals, and commercialization. These risks are described in greater detail in CorMedix’s filings with the SEC, copies of which are available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or upon request from CorMedix. CorMedix may not actually achieve the goals or plans described in these forward-looking statements, and investors should not place undue reliance on these statements. Please note that CorMedix does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
At this time, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Khoso Baluch, Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix. Khoso, please go ahead.
Khoso Baluch
Thanks, Josh. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call today. During this call, the team and I will lay out the progress we have made over the last several months across multiple fronts against a backdrop of changing market conditions including updates on our current Phase 3 study and ongoing communications with the FDA.
The four areas we will cover are the following: our recent financing and update on the ongoing LOCK-IT 100 clinical trial of Neutrolin in patients with end-stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis through central venous catheters; the advancement in our taurolidine-based development pipeline; and progress in our European commercialization of Neutrolin under our CE mark.

As you know, we are focused on bringing Neutrolin, our broad-spectrum, non-antibiotic anti-infective solution designed to prevent costly and dangerous bloodstream infections associated with the use of central venous catheters to the U.S. market. To that end, we recently completed a public offering of shares and warrants with gross proceeding totaling U.S. $14 million. That will be used to continue the development of Neutrolin in the ongoing, LOCK-IT 100, and the second and final LOCK-IT 200 Phase 3 clinical studies. 
Our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Judith Abrams, will provide an update to our U.S. clinical program for Neutrolin in just a few minutes. For now, I will say that our patient enrollment rates remained strong. And as we stated in our recent trial update, we anticipate exceeding our original enrollment target of 632 patients by the fourth quarter of 2017. As we await clarity from the ongoing discussions with the FDA regarding possible prospective change to the LOCK-IT 100 trial protocol related, [indiscernible] to the apparent overall lower baseline rate of catheter related blood stream infection events, I am pleased that our continued surveillance and strategic activation of new clinical trial sites have kept our enrollment on track.
An independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board recently completed a planned safety review of LOCK-IT 100 clinical trials and unanimously concluded that safe to continue the trial as designed. These results are consistent with our safety experience with Neutrolin in Europe. We are pleased that the results of this safety review are in line with Neutrolin’s anticipated product profile as a well tolerated and have the potential to reintroduce catheter related infections. With a planned interim data safety monitor board review behind us, efficient enrollment of hemodialysis patients remain our top focus.
We are making every effort to facilitate a potential interim analysis of the LOCK-IT 100 data by the end of the year, which is dependent upon a payment of a pre-requisite number of blood stream infections in the study. We are hopeful that we can reach this important milestone as planned for the end of 2017 calendar year which will give us our first look in the U.S. at Neutrolin’s potential ability to reduce catheter related blood stream infections in patient with end-stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis to a central venous catheters.
In addition to enhancing Neutrolin in the U.S. last month, we announced exciting news that we had secured our first European commercial collaboration with Hemotech, a French company based in Toulouse to launch and market Neutrolin throughout France and French overseas territories.
I will elaborate on this shortly but first I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Cook, our Chief Financial Officer, for the financial update. Bob?
Bob Cook
Thanks very much, Khoso. The company will shortly be filing its 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. My financial report today largely compares our results for the first quarter 2017 versus the fourth quarter 2016 except where comparisons with the first quarter 2016 are necessary are useful standard financial metrics. I urge you to read the information contained in the 10-Q report for a more complete explanation of our financial results.
With respect to our first quarter 2017 financial results, our net loss was approximately $7.6 million or $0.19 per share, compared with a net loss of $4.1 million or $0.11 per share for the first quarter 2016. Our net loss in the fourth quarter 2016 was $6.4 million or $0.16 per share. Operating expenses in the first quarter 2017 were $7.6 million compared with $6.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. The increase in operating expenses compared with the previous quarter was due to a $0.9 million or 22% increase in R&D expense and $0.2 million or 8% increase in G&A expense. The growth in R&D expense in the first quarter was led by a $0.5 million or 21% increase in clinical trial expense and a $0.3 million or $20% increase in other R&D expense primarily manufacturing and employee costs.

During the quarter, we continue to increase our patient enrollment rates in the LOCK-IT 100 clinical trial, intensified our Neutrolin CMC efforts, hired our new Chief Medical Officer and additional clinical staff, and converted some of our consultants to employee status. We expect R&D expense to continue to increase from present levels over the next several quarters due to the pace of enrollment in the LOCK-IT 100 trial and through certain other CMC activities.
G&A expense growth from the fourth quarter of 2016 was led by a $0.1 million increase in stock-based compensation plus smaller increases in consulting and accounting fees and employee costs. Our cash used in operations in the first quarter 2017 was $6.8 million compared with $6.5 million in the fourth quarter 2016. Cash was used primarily to conduct our Phase 3 study of Neutrolin, other R&D and related G&A activities. Our operating cash burn was funded primarily via drawdown of our cash on hand. Approximately $0.3 million was provided by the use of our ATM during the month of January 2017.
As Khoso mentioned, we recently completed a public offering of common stock and warrants resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $14 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The offering included the full exercise of H.C. Wainwright and Co.’s option to purchase additional shares of common stock and warrants from CorMedix. This offering closed last week on May 03. As of March 31, the company had cash and short-term investments of approximately $13.8 million. Based on our first quarter 2017 cash burn, this amount of cash would have been sufficient to fund the company’s operations for approximately six months which we judge an uncomfortably short and risky time period.
Further, as we expect our cash burn to increase significantly over the balance of the year primarily as a result of the pace of enrollment in the LOCK-IT 100 trial, required CMC expenses and the planned commencement of the LOCK-IT 200 trial, we concluded that without timely access to additional funding, we might be forced to quartile patient enrollment and hence jeopardize the timing of our anticipated milestones. In addition to potentially increasing the duration of the clinical trial and possibly delaying the NDA filing, any enrollment related delay would certainly increase the cost of the clinical trial over and above any resulting from our proposed protocol changes.
We surveyed the market during the first quarter seeking indications of interest and a financing of a size that would enable us to avoid returning for additional funding for at least several months. We then paused our financing efforts temporarily when we concluded that we would advise the market of the apparent overall lower rate of blood stream infections that was observed in the trial as well as our ongoing discussions with FDA concerning potential protocol changes to address this and other issues. This work took several weeks to complete ultimately resulting in our April 20 trial update press release.
Once back on track, we confronted a market that had softened due to a high level of issuance. We were disappointed by the terms of the offering and then by the stocks post the transaction performance, but we closed the transaction nevertheless because we judged that forgoing the additional cash would impact our ability to raise cash in the future and would slow the momentum we had gained in the clinical trial. We believe that with the milestones upcoming over the next several months, there will be opportunities for the stock to regain ground lost over the last few weeks.
Given the significant cost of the current LOCK-IT clinical trial and the anticipated start of our LOCK-IT 200 trial by year end, our cash and short term investments at March 31 and the net proceeds from the recent financing are unlikely to be sufficient to fund our operations for the next 12 months. However, as a result of the financing, we have lengthened our cash runway and assuming the one year warrant issued as part of the financing are exercised prior to the respiration, we will obtain additional cash that can be used to partially fund our cash requirements in 2018. Once we gain clarity with respect to the adoption of the proposed protocol amendments, we will be able to adjust our forecast and determine with a higher degree of confidence on future cash requirements.

It’s now my pleasure to introduce our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Judith Abrams, who is joining our call for the first time to give you a more detailed update on our LOCK-IT 100 trial currently underway. Judith?
Judith Abrams
Thank you, Bob. It is my pleasure to participate on today’s call and provide an update on Neutrolin’s U.S. clinical program. As Khoso mentioned, the independent data safety and monitoring board unanimously concluded that it was safe to continue the LOCK-IT 100 clinical trial as designed. This recommendation was based upon the valuation of data from the first 279 patients randomized into this event driven clinical trial.
We recently announced that CorMedix is engaged in discussions with the FDA regarding possible perspective changes to the LOCK-IT 100 protocol in part to account for an apparent overall lower baseline rate of catheter-related blood stream infection events. As these discussions remain ongoing, we will provide further detail on the possible protocol amendments following conclusion of a discussion with the FDA. As we stated in our most recent trial update, we currently anticipate patient enrollment to exceed the originally targeted total of 632 patients and patient enrollment may continue into the second quarter of 2018 to enable us obtain a final planned number of requisite catheter-related blood stream infection events. If the requisite number of catheter-related blood stream infection events are obtained within this protected timeframe, top line results from the LOCK-IT 100 clinical trial would be anticipated around year end 2018 following the conclusion of the patient safety observation period. As Khoso mentioned, we are making every effort to enroll additional patients as efficiently as possible to meet these milestones.
In parallel, we are pleased that the FDA accepted our proposal to include one or more interim efficacy analyses for the LOCK-IT 100 clinical trial as ongoing. The original trial protocol did not include any such analyses. These planned interim efficacy analyses should allow us to obtain our first look in the U.S. at Neutrolin’s potential ability to reduce catheter-related blood stream infections in patients with end-stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis through a central venous catheter. The timing of the interim analyses is also event driven but we currently anticipate that the first interim analysis may occur as early as the fourth quarter of 2017 pending attainment of the number of catheter-related blood stream infection event. We look forward to providing timely update on the status of the LOCK-IT 100 trial as well as a timing of potential interim analyses.
We remain entirely focused on the successful completion of the Neutrolin registration program and agreeing Neutrolin to market in the U.S. Our goal and the goal of health organizations around the world is to eliminate costly and potentially deadly catheter-related blood stream infections altogether. We believe based on its broad spectrum antimicrobial activity that Neutrolin can help achieve this goal upon potential improvement.
With that, I’d like to hand the call back to Khoso for a discussion of our development pipeline based on taurolidine the active component of Neutrolin. Khoso?
Khoso Baluch
Thank you, Judith. While our main focus remains on gaining U.S. approval of Neutrolin, we are continuing to take advantage of additional opportunities to generate value for CorMedix based on quality. We’ve discussed our preliminary efforts in the medical device space where taurolidine maybe incorporated into various medical and surgical materials to confirm antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory properties. We’ve also discussed our ongoing work with POETIC consortium to combine taurolidine with other chemotherapies targeting cancer.

On the medical device front, based on initial feasibility work in a number of different areas, we have made the strategic decision to focus our effort on investigating the incorporation of taurolidine into surgical measures, suture materials and hydrogels. We view this opportunity as the low-hanging fruits in an attractive market where we believe taurolidine infused products could have significant impact. I won’t go into details on this call as we plan to schedule a more robust R&D day event to discuss our taurolidine based pipeline within the coming months, but we currently expect to pursue the development of antimicrobial sutures for use following surgery and wound care, nanofiber mesh to provide antimicrobial structure support for burns and hernia repair, and antimicrobial hydrogels to prevent infections and promote healing of burns and diabetic foot ulcers.
Once we’ve demonstrated proof of concept in vitro and in animal models, we will look to establish strategic partnerships to take these programs to the next stage along the 510(k) pathway. We will look to leverage the relatively shorter development pathway for medical devices to bring near term value to CorMedix. As I mentioned, we are preparing to discuss our current and planned pipeline activities in greater detail at an upcoming live meeting. We expect this event to take place in New York but will be webcast and archived on our website for all to listen. We will advise you on when that meeting will be taking place as soon as it is scheduled.
Before I discuss our progress in commercializing Neutrolin in Europe, I like to hand the call to Tony Pfaffle, the Chief Scientific Officer, to talk about our recent work exploring the use of taurolidine to combat an emerging fungal pathogen that is concern in hospitals across the globe. Tony?
Tony Pfaffle
Thanks, Khoso. Candida auris or C. auris is a fungus, a species of pathogenic yeast that has emerged over the past few years as a serious global health threat according to the Centers for Disease Control. It is responsible for severe illness as well as life threatening blood stream and wound infections and hospitalized patients worldwide. Certain strains are resistant to all nature classes of antifungal drugs, something that has not been seen before and other species of candida. 
C. auris has been shown to inhabit and persist on surfaces in healthcare environments in the form of resistant biofilm and can readily spread between patients making it even more difficult to control. Of greatest relevance to CorMedix is that the CDC has reported that patients with central venous catheters are among those at greatest risk of infection with C. auris which can enter the blood stream and spread throughout the body causing serious invasive infections. As you know, taurolidine is the active antimicrobial component of our catheter lock solution, Neutrolin, which is specifically designed to prevent this kind of blood stream infection caused by an infected central venous catheter.
Based on the mechanism of action of taurolidine and the fact that it has been shown to be effective against a broad spectrum of bacteria and fungi including multidrug resistant strains, we set out to test taurolidine against candida auris to see if it could have a beneficial impact on the significant threat to global hospitals. We partnered with the premier microbiology and antimicrobial surveillance laboratory, JMI Labs to conduct the sensitivity testing. They found that candida auris strains including clinical isolates provided by the CDC were 100% inhibited by taurolidine in vitro as the concentration currently contained in Neutrolin which has been shown to be safe in all clinical studies to date.
While preliminary, these results are very encouraging because taurolidine’s potential efficacy against this deadly pathogen could add value across our entire pipeline. Sensitivity of C. auris to be taurolidine contained in Neutrolin may effectively reduce or prevent catheter related blood stream infections caused by this important pathogen with potentially positive implications for Europe where Neutrolin is a CE mark product as well as in the U.S. upon potential approval by the Food and Drug Administration. Beyond Neutrolin however if we can demonstrate that the taurolidine contains in our sutures, meshes and hydrogels currently in development is also effective against C. auris we may be able to prevent or treat C. auris infections following surgery in burns and in diabetic foot ulcers. We look forward to determining a path to work with global regulatory agencies to leverage the benefits of taurolidine and to help prevent resistant microbial infections.

With that, I’ll hand the call back to Khoso to discuss our commercial efforts for Neutrolin in Europe. Thank you.
Khoso Baluch
Thanks, Tony. As I mentioned, CorMedix secured our first European commercial collaboration with Hemotech to launch and market Neutrolin throughout France and French overseas territories. This landmark European agreement enables CorMedix to leverage Hemotech nearly 30 years of experience delivering high quality products to the hemodialysis community. Hemotech is the perfect partner to offer an innovative product like Neutrolin in these territories based on a significant presence across multiple clinic settings. It’s reach includes 92% of all French dialysis organizations as well at major hospitals where Neutrolin’s CE mark allows it to be marketed as a catheter lock solution for oncology and ICU patients with central venous catheters.
We expect this initial commercial collaboration to enable CorMedix to begin augmenting our commercial presence in Europe. We intend to pursue additional partnerships that design to further expand ex U.S. sales of Neutrolin with the expectation that we will begin to generate initial sales revenues in the quarters to come, which may overtime partially offset our operational and clinical development cost in the U.S. We look forward to providing updates as we form commercial partnerships in additional ex U.S. territories.
In conclusion, CorMedix remained focus on the success of our Phase 3 clinical program to secure FDA approval of Neutrolin in the U.S. In the phase of mounting anti-biotic resistant bacterial infections, the development and approval of a novel anti-microbial is important now more than ever. This is why we are dedicated to bringing Neutrolin to the market to help prevent potentially deadly catheter related blood stream infections in already vulnerable patient population.
Let me say that I too, I’m disappointed with our current stock price. However, our recent financing add fuel to continue our pivotal clinical program, which will benefit from both FDA Fast Track providing the potential for priority review of our marketing application and the QIDP designation which secures up to 10 years of market exclusivity upon potential approval. In parallel, we are advancing our pipeline beyond Neutrolin to include multiple medical device opportunities as well as therapeutic use of taurolidine in often oncology indications. In short, we are moving along various pathways to increase value for CorMedix and its shareholders, and we look forward to providing the next update.
With that, we can now move to the Q&A portion of the call. Thank you.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ram Selvaraju from Rodman and Renshaw. Please proceed with your question.
Raghuram Selvaraju
Hi, I have one detailed question and two very minor ones. The detailed question pertains to the potential format of the proposed interim analyses in the LOCK-IT 100 study. Could you give us a sense of how these analyses might compare to the final top line data with respect to the types of endpoints you expect to use? Is there going to be no difference and is it simply just question of the number of events that are going to be the subject of the interim analyses? Or are there nuances that we should be aware of? And then with respect to the recent disclosure that taurolidine has been shown to be active against Candida auris, can you give us some additional background on this multidrug resistant organism? Have there been any cases of C. auris reported in the hospital setting in the United States as of yet? When was the first case reported in Europe? I believe it was in London in late 2016 but correct me if I’m wrong and what do you anticipate being the relative incidents in prevalence of this organism in the context of blood stream infection specifically? And then, Bob, I just had one clarificatory question for you. In the SG&A line item for this quarter, could you give us a breakdown of how much of that number was directly related to selling as opposed to G&A? Thank you.

Khoso Baluch
Hey, Raj, thanks very much for your question. So what I would do is, for first question I’m going to ask Judith to help on so related to the interim question. The second of C. auris I’m going to ask Tony to elaborate and then as you’ve already decided it’s going to be Bob, so Bob will do the third one. So let’s first begin with Judith. Judith?
Judith Abrams
Hi, Raj. I understand your question you asked about the format of the interim analysis and in particular how it compares to the final top line that it provides to the analyses plan. So the interim analysis is going to be on a portion of the study population and it will look at the primary study endpoint as well as the safety, and will give us the DSMB will be doing this on our behalf and we’ll give us an indication as to how to proceed with the study.
Khoso Baluch
All right. Tony?
Raghuram Selvaraju
Thank you.
Tony Pfaffle
Yes. So, you’re correct. In Europe, the UK in 2016 reported a significant number of cases. Since then the U.S. CDC has reported cases with highest prevalence in New York, New Jersey, Illinois and Indiana with a significant number of cases in New York. So the Department of Health, New York State Department of Health is targeted as a major pathogen to be dealt with. The first reported case was in Japan in 1996 and since then it’s been reported in nine countries over four continents. It’s more concerning because it’s resistant to flu console [ph] and most all isolates, 50% resistance to [indiscernible] and about 33% resistance to amphotericin B. So it’s MDR multidrug-resistant pathogen and that’s why both CDC and the State Health Departments are laser focused on addressing this concern. And one of the major issues is catheter related blood stream infection. So that’s why we are looking forward to helping address this issue.
Khoso Baluch
Thank you, Tony. Bob, is it third question?
Bob Cook
Yes. Raj, thanks very much for giving me the easiest one. Your question I think related to what number or how much within the total SG&A expense line related to selling expenses? And the answer is the number is very small, it’s between $100,000 and $200,000. So it’s pretty much as meaningless which is generally why in my comments I forget to mention the selling part and just stop it by G&A.
Raghuram Selvaraju
Okay, thank you. I’ll jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Khoso Baluch
Thanks.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ed White from FBR and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Ed White
Hi, yes, it’s FBR and company. So just a few questions. First, as far as the marketing agreement in Europe and in France, when will you see the first impact to your sales number? Is it this quarter, next quarter, is it late 2017? Then the next question is just you had mentioned the LOCK-IT 200 and I’m just curious if you can pin down more of a date of when that will start and what the study will look like? Thirdly, you did mention and I’m glad to see it the other potential products in surgical measures in management et cetera, when will you start – I know you certainly are going to go over to the R&D there so maybe you don’t want to answer it but just when can we see some preclinical data and do you expect to partner right after that before first inhuman? And the lastly, if I can just question, for Bob, regarding the diluted share count now after the deal, what that level is now and also when you’re talking about the cash run away, did I hear you right to say that even with the race you’re not going to make it through 2018, so we should expect another race between now and then. Thanks for the question.
Khoso Baluch
Okay. So let me begin with taking the first three questions that you posed, Ed. So the marketing agreement in France, basically they have started the launch of it the tail end of April. So we should begin to see sales during this quarter and so that will now begin to come, again it will start slow and it will pick up as we go quarter-by-quarter going forward. Your second question about LOCK 200, with the recent activities we have had with LOCK 100 and our refinancing, at the moment we still have work to do on LOCK 200. So at the moment I’m seeing it for us to start something by the tail end of this year. We will be able to provide more update once we have finalized our ongoing discussions with the FDA on LOCK 100. The third question as you talked about the pipeline, the R&D data we will have which I expect will be happening over the next few months and I’m talking off potentially two or three months, you’re going to see the feasibility work that we have already done with the sutures, the hydrogels, the meshes. So you’re going to see that work. In parallel, we are doing further improving the efficiency of the technology that we’ve got there plus completing the animal models. And our goal will be that when we do have the R&D date, we will share more details about when to expect each of these different data points to be coming but all of them should take place during 2017.

For your fourth question, I’m going to hand it over to Bob about the diluted share.
Bob Cook
Yes. So, Ed, before the offering, we had – there was about 40.8 million shares outstanding and we issued in the offering another 18.6 million. So the diluted count following the offering that would put us at according to my numbers here my math 59.4 million.
Ed White
And when that was fully diluted, that includes warrants?
Bob Cook
No, it doesn’t. We haven’t done that. I haven’t done more calculation because we technically haven’t issued those warrants yet. So I have to go back and look at that, but I don’t have that number of the top of my head.
Ed White
Okay. Thank you. That was the number that I was looking for. Okay. Thank you.
Bob Cook
Okay. We can get that to you. The other thing with respect to the cash, the simple answer is no. The existing cash does not get us to the end of 2018. If you look at the amount of cash that we spent in the first quarter, it was $6.8 million, right. And on a pro forma basis, our existing cash at March 31 was $13.8 million and another $13 million from the offering so that’s $26 million. So that indicates that we have about four quarters of cash if our burn rate was to continue at the same level as the first quarter. So that by itself does not get us to the end of 2018. And then on top of that, we are expecting the burn to increase as the costs for the clinical trial increase but I don’t have good numbers on that because we are still working that out based on what the patient levels are going to look like. So that’s the best we can do for the moment and I think we need to look – we need to consider based on the current burn and what the current cash is to give us a sense really of what the needs are. And whether that’s true, another race or some other opportunity remains to be seen. I mean there is certainly no rush at this point to go and do anything new. So we’ll just be assessing the options that we have and we do have the preclinical stuff that Khoso has been talking about. There could be things that happen there. So there is a lot of opportunities that could happen between now and the time that it would be necessary to look at having more cash in the bank.
Ed White
Okay, great. Thanks. And then just a last question, when will you know what the final enrollment or what you believe will be the final enrollment numbers for LOCK-IT 100?
Khoso Baluch
Judith?
Judith Abrams
Well, we are in active dialogue with the FDA and we should know by the third quarter of this year all the final details regarding the protocol and the size.
Ed White
Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Khoso Baluch
Thank you, Ed.
Judith Abrams
Thanks, Ed.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Gail Collins [ph], a private investor. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I’d like to know why the infection rate is so low?
Khoso Baluch
Judith?
Judith Abrams
So the infection rate is actually consistent with what we see in the published literature and it’s with a very broad range and the infection rate is changing overtime as more rigorous management of these patients is brought to bear and also in the clinical trial setting that may have had an impact. But what look like we are observing a presence as well within the range of what’s reported in the population.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Evan Fraser [ph], a private investor. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst
Hi, thank you. I would like to know how many infections have occurred in the study so far.
Khoso Baluch
Judith?
Judith Abrams
Yes. These kinds of details we don’t discuss because of the potential for introducing bias in an ongoing clinical trial. It’s a great question and we look forward to sharing all those data with you as the trial comes to conclusion.

Unidentified Analyst
Okay.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Larry Stammen [ph], a private investor. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst
Yes. Hi, thanks. I wanted to know if you have enough cash to finish the Phase 3 trials and if not how much more cash and time will be required until you get the FDA approval.
Khoso Baluch
Okay, Bob?
Bob Cook
I mean again the answer is that, at this point, it’s safe to say that we do not have enough cash to finish the Phase 3 programs. With edges to few minutes ago, we walked through how far the current cash is going to take us. The current plan at this point would be to start a second Phase 3 trial at the end of this year which would go into I think early 2019, although that still remains to be seen. And the fact at this point, we don’t have a hard and fast number for what the total cost of the Phase 3 development program is going to be because we haven’t caused about – we still have a lot of work to do with respect to the LOCK-IT 200 trial. And although we have given estimates for the LOCK-IT 100 between the $26 million to $30 million range with the anticipated changes in the trial that we are in the process of making, that estimate is likely to change as well and certainly it’s going to be the $30 million level whereabouts rather than the $26 million. So I think we’ll have some clarity on this over the next several months but at the current time, I just don’t have a number that I can put out with any confidence that could be correct.
Operator
Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Khoso Baluch
Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for joining this call this afternoon, very much looking forward to hearing and seeing many of you during our R&D day that we will cover our pipeline. I think you will be intrigued by the information we will be sharing with you during the R&D day. So thank you once again for joining us and have a good evening. Bye-bye.
Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Drug Manufacturers - Major, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CRMD TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksBiogen Positions Itself For The FutureBIIB• Today, 3:51 PM • Jonathan WeberGlaxo Gets Out The AxeGSK• Today, 3:11 PM • EP VantageOlumiant Clot Signal Echoes Xeljanz ExperienceLLY• Today, 3:07 PM • EP VantagePetMed Express: $50 Looks Too High, But I've Been Wrong BeforeEditors' Pick • PETS• Today, 2:45 PM • Vince Martin•6 CommentsPacira's Exparel Expansion Pain ContinuesPCRX• Today, 2:35 PM • EP VantagePfizer Doesn't Want To Be Left In the Dust Of Avastin BiosimilarPFE• Today, 2:34 PM • Long Term Bio•1 CommentExact Sciences Crushes Estimates AgainEXAS• Today, 2:29 PM • Kirk Spano•27 CommentsVanda Pharmaceuticals: An Early Stage Bioscience ConsiderationVNDA• Today, 1:59 PM • Dr. Tran BioSciSell Gilead Regardless Of Q2 ResultsGILD• Today, 1:25 PM • Shock Exchange•68 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 26, 2017BMY, CUR, MRK• Today, 12:46 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•10 Comments2 Cheers For Biogen, Which May Be Good Enough To Allow AlphaBIIB• Today, 12:34 PM • DoctoRx•6 CommentsBuy The Dip In Reata PharmaceuticalsRETA• Today, 12:28 PM • Jonathan FaisonPick up 9.5% YTM with Community Health Systems, February 2022 BondsCYH• Today, 12:25 PM • Randy Durig•1 CommentBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Today, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•6 Comments2 Small-Cap Biotechs To Put On Your RadarRDHL, BDSI• Today, 11:39 AM • Bret Jensen•10 CommentsPRA Health Sciences Set For A Quarterly Earnings Surprise - AgainPRAH• Today, 11:11 AM • Mike SiinoA Look At Amarin At $4AMRN• Today, 10:44 AM • Elephant Analytics•9 CommentsIntra-Cellular Therapies: Buy, Sell Or Hold?ITCI• Today, 10:33 AM • Bret Jensen•11 CommentsThermo Fisher Scientific Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMO• Today, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsIntegra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIART• Today, 9:15 AM • SA TranscriptsExpress Scripts, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesESRX• Today, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentBaxter International Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBAX• Today, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsOphthotech Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOPHT• Today, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Today, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsGalmed Pharmaceuticals: Buy On WeaknessGLMD• Yesterday, 11:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•10 CommentsMannKind: Assessing The Insurance Landscape For AfrezzaMNKD• Yesterday, 9:22 PM • Spencer Osborne•49 CommentsADMA Biologics Follows Up On RI-002ADMA• Yesterday, 9:17 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsHerbalife: Shareholders Should Take Profits NowHLF• Yesterday, 9:06 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•26 CommentsEXACT Sciences Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEXAS• Yesterday, 8:30 PM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMGN• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA TranscriptsDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Yesterday, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Yesterday, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•13 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•4 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Yesterday, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Yesterday, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•12 CommentsSamsung Leaps Into Its First U.S. Biosimilars BattleJNJ, MRK, PFE• Yesterday, 3:43 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGilead: Q2 Earnings PreviewGILD• Yesterday, 3:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•34 CommentsAiming For A New Angle On Liquid BiopsyANPCY• Yesterday, 3:38 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentMerck's Keynote Falls Flat, And That's Just FineMRK• Yesterday, 3:34 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGenocea Biosciences's (GNCA) Conference Call On Positive GEN-003 Phase 2b Results - SlideshowGNCA• Yesterday, 3:32 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Yesterday, 3:03 PM • Strong BioVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Yesterday, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•13 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Yesterday, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•32 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Yesterday, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•12 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Yesterday, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•11 CommentsEli Lilly and Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLY• Yesterday, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsBiogen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBIIB• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsAbbVie's Long Shot At Proving Rova-T Doubters WrongABBV• Yesterday, 7:29 AM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsLilly Hopes To Bloom Through Nektar AttractionLLY, NKTR• Yesterday, 7:22 AM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Yesterday, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•3 Comments3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsQ2 Earnings Should Be The Catalyst For Valeant's Next Leg HigherVRX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • Michael Lynch•115 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•76 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•32 CommentsReata Pharmaceuticals (RETA) Cardinal Phase 2 Results And Update - SlideshowRETA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•44 CommentsHerbalife: When An EPS Raise Isn't Really A RaiseHLF• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:05 PM • Gary Milne•25 CommentsMerck: A Slow Growth Income Play With Moderate Growth PotentialMRK• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:11 PM • William Stamm•11 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:05 PM • Gaurao Bhade•1 CommentZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•14 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Dynavax Technologies' Moment Of Truth ArrivesCNCE, CYTX, DVAX• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:52 AM • Bret Jensen•27 CommentsParatek Puts Skin In The Infection GamePRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:24 AM • Strong Bio•33 CommentsAnthem: Tread Carefully Into EarningsANTM• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:20 AM • Benjamin HandlerSnippet Roundup: A Lingering Lingo And 2 More U.S. Green LightsGILD, JNJ, PRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:41 AM • EP VantageData Put A Dent In Ironwood's Expansion PlansIRWD• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:26 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentUpdates To Syros Pharmaceuticals ThesisSYRS• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:02 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 23, 2017BMY, KITE, MRK• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•8 CommentsAmgen And Novartis: First Mover Advantage Is A MustAMGN, NVS• Sun, Jul. 23, 2:21 AM • Long Term Bio•2 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•9 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•13 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•3 Comments123456...468Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SLGN•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




RPC (RES) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RES•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hope Bancorp's (HOPE) CEO Kevin Kim on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HOPE•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Gas Partners' (WES) CEO Ben Fink on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WES•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Southwest Bancorp's (OKSB) CEO Mark Funke on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OKSB•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Central Pacific Financial's (CPF) CEO Catherine Ngo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Computer EastGroup Properties' (EGP) CEO Marshall Loeb on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EGP•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rollins' (ROL) CEO Gary Rollins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ROL•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waste Connections (WCN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WCN•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Capital Power's (CPXWF) CEO Brian Vaasjo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPXWF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AVX's (AVX) CEO John Sarvis on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CoreLogic (CLGX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLGX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




IDEX (IEX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IEX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Diana Shipping's (DSX) CEO Simeon Palios on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DSX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Natus Medical's (BABY) CEO James Hawkins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BABY•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Owens Corning (OC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OC•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




First Commonwealth Financial's (FCF) CEO Mike Price on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BOK Financial's (BOKF) CEO Steve Bradshaw on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOKF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLT•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heritage-Crystal Clean's (HCCI) CEO Brian Recatto on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCCI•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wabash National's (WNC) CEO Richard Giromini on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WNC•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




QTS Realty Trust's (QTS) CEO Chad Williams on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


QTS•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MarketAxess' (MKTX) CEO Rick McVey on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MKTX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lonza's (LZAGY) CEO Richard Ridinger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LZAGY•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




United States Steel (X) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


X•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bloomin' Brands (BLMN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLMN•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Northrop Grumman (NOC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOC•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BGC Partners' (BGCP) CEO Howard Lutnick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BGCP•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



State Street (STT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


STT•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Highwoods Properties' (HIW) CEO Edward Fritsch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HIW•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  3:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4439Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
 








CorMedix Inc. Appoints Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive Officer | CorMedix | Prevention of cardiac, renal and infectious diseases























































Careers


Contact Us




   

















 


Press Releases








Press Releases
Events
In the News
Publications and Presentations
 


CorMedix Inc. Appoints Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive Officer
Bedminster, NJ – October 3, 2016 – CorMedix Inc. (NYSE MKT: CRMD), a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory diseases, announced today that it has concluded its executive search with the appointment of Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Baluch succeeds Randy Milby, who previously announced that he would be stepping down as CEO. In conjunction with the appointment, Mr. Baluch will join CorMedix’s Board of Directors, replacing Mr. Milby.  Mr. Baluch has 32 years of combined experience in general management, commercial, business development and pharmaceutical development and has a proven track record of success in building organizations, both in the U.S. and internationally, and successfully launching new products.
Cora Tellez, Chair of the CorMedix Board of Directors, said, “In Khoso Baluch, we have found an outstanding leader for CorMedix as the Company prepares for the next stage in its development. Khoso’s record demonstrates strong commercial and operational execution, which we believe is important for the company’s future as we advance Neutrolin® through Phase 3 clinical studies and potentially launch our product in the U.S. if we receive FDA approval. We offer our sincerest thanks to Randy Milby for his dedication and immeasurable contribution to the success of CorMedix, as his leadership brought us to this inflection point. On behalf of the Board, our best wishes are with him in his next endeavor.”
Khoso Baluch, Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix, said, “Having worked for decades with prominent pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, I am looking forward to preparing CorMedix for the potential launch of Neutrolin, a promising anti-microbial. Infection is a vital issue to the global healthcare system, and in the U.S. in particular, an aging population could generate greater use of catheters and attendant risk of bloodstream infections. In addition, I look forward to continuing to explore additional product opportunities for CorMedix in diverse areas of infectious disease, oncology, aesthetics, dermatology, and orthopedics, based on its taurolidine-based platform.”
Randy Milby, former Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix, said, “In my time at CorMedix, we have achieved a great deal. We have completed successful rounds of financing that raised $60M for CorMedix, gained CE Marking for Neutrolin in the EU and Middle East, and advanced Neutrolin into late-stage clinical development in the United States. We have entered into select, strategic partnerships to generate additional potential up-side with our taurolidine technology.  Khoso’s track record on commercializing products makes him a strong choice as the Company enters the final stretch towards a potential NDA filing and commercial launch for Neutrolin. I’m bullish about the Company’s prospects and intend to make myself available to assist in the transition and provide consultation as needed.”
Mr. Baluch has built and led successful U.S. and international commercial teams in the primary care, specialty and hospital segments, launching leading products including Cialis, Byetta, Insulin devices, Cimzia, Vimpat and Neupro. During the 24 years Mr. Baluch worked for Eli Lilly & Co, he held international positions in general management, business development, market access and product leadership, and spanning Europe, the Middle East and the United States. At Lilly, as Diabetes Worldwide Franchise head, he had responsibility for guiding pipeline products from Phase 3 to completion on the market.  He oversaw a team of nearly 130 people responsible for the medical, regulatory, legal, supply chain, marketing, pricing and reimbursement aspects of drug launches in the U.S. and globally.
Following his tenure at Lilly, Mr. Baluch held multiple positions at UCB, the global biopharmaceutical company, as Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer and most recently serving as Senior Vice President & President European Middle East & Africa (EMEA) Region. Since 2013, Mr. Baluch has been a board member of Poxel, a French publicly traded Biotech Company.
 
About CorMedix Inc.
CorMedix Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory disease. The Company is focused on developing its lead product Neutrolin®, a novel, non-antibiotic antimicrobial solution designed to prevent costly and dangerous bloodstream infections associated with the use of central venous catheters. Such infections cost the U.S. healthcare system approximately $6 billion annually and contribute significantly to increased morbidity and mortality. Neutrolin is currently in a Phase 3 clinical study in patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis via a central venous catheter. The company is planning to conduct its second Phase 3 study in patients with cancer receiving IV parenteral nutrition, chemotherapy and hydration via a chronic central venous catheter, subject to sufficient resources. If successful, the two pivotal studies may be submitted to the FDA for potential approval for both patient populations. Neutrolin has FDA Fast Track status and is designated as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, contributing to potentially accelerated FDA review and up to 10 years of market exclusivity upon potential U.S. approval. It is already a CE Marked product in Europe and other territories. CorMedix is also seeking to unlock additional value for its taurolidine-based technology by establishing collaborative partnerships in oncology and medical device applications. For more information visit: www.cormedix.com.
 
For Investors & Media:
Tiberend Strategic Advisors, Inc.
Joshua Drumm, Ph.D.: jdrumm@tiberend.com; (212) 375-2664
Janine McCargo: jmccargo@tiberend.com; (646) 604-5150
 
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, regarding management’s expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or CorMedix’s prospects, future financial position, financing plans, future revenues and projected costs should be considered forward-looking. Readers are cautioned that actual results may differ materially from projections or estimates due to a variety of important factors, including: the cost, timing and results of the ongoing and planned Phase 3 trials for Neutrolin® in the U.S.; obtaining regulatory approvals to conduct clinical trials and to commercialize CorMedix’s product candidates, including marketing of Neutrolin in countries other than Europe; the risks and uncertainties associated with CorMedix’s ability to manage its limited cash resources; the outcome of clinical trials of CorMedix’s product candidates and whether they demonstrate these candidates’ safety and effectiveness; the risks associated with the launch of Neutrolin in new  markets; CorMedix’s ability to enter into, execute upon and maintain collaborations with third parties for its development and marketing programs; CorMedix’s ability to maintain its listing on the NYSE MKT; CorMedix’s ability to identify and enter into strategic transactions; CorMedix’s dependence on its collaborations and its license relationships; achieving milestones under CorMedix’s collaborations; obtaining additional financing to support CorMedix’s research and development and clinical activities and operations; CorMedix’s dependence on preclinical and clinical investigators, preclinical and clinical research organizations, manufacturers, sales and marketing organizations, and consultants; and protecting the intellectual property developed by or licensed to CorMedix. These and other risks are described in greater detail in CorMedix’s filings with the SEC, copies of which are available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or upon request from CorMedix. CorMedix may not actually achieve the goals or plans described in its forward-looking statements, and investors should not place undue reliance on these statements. CorMedix assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
 
 
 
 












































































Home


Site Map


About Us


Media Kit


Contact Us


Help











Register Now
Why register?


Login
























							 The leading web portal for pharmacy resources, news, education and careers
						

							July 26, 2017
						










News

Drug Delivery Systems
Drugstores
FDA Final Approvals
Front Page Healthcare News
Generic Drugs
Hospital Industry
Internet Pharmacy
IT in Healthcare
Medicare & Medicaid
Over-the-Counter Drugs
Pharm Industry Trends and Policy
Pharmaceutical Development
Pharmaceutical Industry


Pharmacy Careers

Pharmacist
Pharmacy Technician
Pharmacy Job Board
Job Placement Help
So you want a job as a pharmacist?
Start your career as a:pharmacy technician


Resources

Boards of Pharmacy
Drug Database
FDA Resources
Pharmacy Associations
Pharmacy Journals
Pharmacy Newsletters
State Associations
More...


Education

Certification Courses
Continuing Education
Disease State Management
International Pharmacy Schools
Live On-Line CE
Pharmacy Schools
Pharmacy Technician Training


Business

Advertising Information / Media Kit
Consulting
Contact Us
Pharmacy Marketing


Marketplace

Drug Manufacturers
Drug Wholesalers
Automation and Robotics
Compounding Supplies
Medication & Supply Dispensing Systems
Tablet & Capsule Counters
Wholesalers & Distributors
More...
























Pharmacy Choice - Pharmaceutical News - CorMedix Inc. Appoints Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive Officer - July 26, 2017
Pharmacy News Article






							 10/3/16 - CorMedix Inc. Appoints Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive Officer
						



BEDMINSTER, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / October 3, 2016 / CorMedix Inc. (NYSE MKT: CRMD), a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory diseases, announced today that it has concluded its executive search with the appointment of Khoso Baluch as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Baluch succeeds Randy Milby, who previously announced that he would be stepping down as CEO. In conjuction with the appointment, Mr. Baluch will join CorMedix's Board of Directors, replacing Mr. Milby. Mr. Baluch has 32 years of combined experience in general management, commercial, business development and pharmaceutical development and has a proven track record of success in building organizations, both in the U.S. and internationally, and successfully launching new products.
Cora Tellez, Chair of the CorMedix Board of Directors, said, "In Khoso Baluch, we have found an outsanding leader for CorMedix as the Company prepares for the next stage in its development. Khoso's record demonstrates strong commercial and operational execution, which we believe is important for the company's future as we advance Neutrolin through Phase 3 clinical studies and potentially launch our product in the U.S. if we receive FDA approval. We offer our sincerest thanks to Randy Milby for his dedication and immeasurable contribution to the success of CorMedix, as his leadership brought us to this inflection point. On behalf of the Board, our best wishes are with him in his next endeavor."
Khoso Baluch, Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix, said, "Having worked for decades with prominent pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, I am looking forward to preparing CorMedix for the potential launch of Neutrolin, a promising anti-microbial. Infection is a vital issue to the global healthcare system, and in the U.S. in particular, an aging population could generate greater use of catheters and attendant risk of bloodstream infections. In addition, I look forward to continuing to explore additional product opportunities for CorMedix in diverse areas of infectious disease, oncology, aesthetics, dermatology, and orthopedics, based on its taurolidine-based platform."
Randy Milby, former Chief Executive Officer of CorMedix, said, "In my time at CorMedix, we have achieved a great deal. We have completed successful rounds of financing that raised $60M for CorMedix, gained CE Marking for Neutrolin in the EU and Middle East, and advanced Neutrolin into late-stage clinical development in the United States. We have entered into select, strategic parterships to generate additional potential up-side with our taurolidine technology. Khoso's track record on commercializing products makes him a strong choice as the Company enters the final stretch towards a potential NDA filing and commercial launch for Neutrolin. I'm bullish about the Company's prospects and intend to make myself available to assist in the transition and provide consultation as needed."
Mr. Baluch has built and led successful U.S. and international commercial teams in the primary care, specialty and hospital segments, launching leading products including Cialis, Byetta, Insulin devices, Cimzia, Vimpat and Neupro. During the 24 years Mr. Baluch worked for Eli Lilly & Co, he held international positions in general management, business development, market access and product leadership, and spanning Europe, the Middle East and the United States. At Lilly, as Diabetes Worldwide Franchise head, he had responsibility for guiding pipeline products from Phase 3 to completion on the market. He oversaw a team of nearly 130 people responsible for the medical, regulatory, legal, supply chain, marketing, pricing and reimbursement aspects of drug launches in the U.S. and globally.
Following his tenure at Lilly, Mr. Baluch held multiple positions at UCB, the global biopharmaceutical company, as Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer and most recently serving as Senior Vice President & President European Middle East & Africa (EMEA) Region. Since 2013, Mr. Baluch has been a board member of Poxel, a French publically traded Biotech Company.
About CorMedix Inc.
CorMedix Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory disease. The Company is focused on developing its lead product Neutrolin, a novel, non-antibiotic antimicrobial solution designed to prevent costly and dangerous bloodstream infections associated with the use of central venous catheters. Such infections cost the U.S. healthcare system approximately $6 billion annually and contribute significantly to increased morbidity and mortality. Neutrolin is currently in a Phase 3 clinical study in patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis via a central venous catheter. The company is planning to conduct its second Phase 3 study in patients with cancer receiving IV parenteral nutrition, chemotherapy and hydration via a chronic central venous catheter, subject to sufficient resources. If successful, the two pivotal studies may be submitted to the FDA for potential approval for both patient populations. Neutrolin has FDA Fast Track status and is designated as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, contributing to potentially accelerated FDA review and up to 10 years of market exclusivity upon potential U.S. approval. It is already a CE Marked product in Europe and other territories. CorMedix is also seeking to unlock additional value for its taurolidine-based technology by establishing collaborative partnerships in oncology and medical device applications. For more information visit: www.cormedix.com.
For Investors & Media:
Tiberend Strategic Advisors, Inc.

Joshua Drumm, Ph.D.

jdrumm@tiberend.com

(212) 375-2664

Janine McCargo

jmccargo@tiberend.com

(646) 604-5150

Forward-Looking Statements:

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, regarding management's expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or CorMedix's prospects, future financial position, financing plans, future revenues and projected costs should be considered forward-looking. Readers are cautioned that actual results may differ materially from projections or estimates due to a variety of important factors, including: the cost, timing and results of the ongoing and planned Phase 3 trials for Neutrolin in the U.S.; obtaining regulatory approvals to conduct clinical trials and to commercialize CorMedix's product candidates, including marketing of Neutrolin in countries other than Europe; the risks and uncertainties associated with CorMedix's ability to manage its limited cash resources; the outcome of clinical trials of CorMedix's product candidates and whether they demonstrate these candidates' safety and effectiveness; the risks associated with the launch of Neutrolin in new markets; CorMedix's ability to enter into, execute upon and maintain collaborations with third parties for its development and marketing programs; CorMedix's ability to maintain its listing on the NYSE MKT; CorMedix's ability to identify and enter into strategic transactions; CorMedix's dependence on its collaborations and its license relationships; achieving milestones under CorMedix's collaborations; obtaining additional financing to support CorMedix's research and development and clinical activities and operations; CorMedix's dependence on preclinical and clinical investigators, preclinical and clinical research organizations, manufacturers, sales and marketing organizations, and consultants; and protecting the intellectual property developed by or licensed to CorMedix. These and other risks are described in greater detail in CorMedix's filings with the SEC, copies of which are available free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or upon request from CorMedix. CorMedix may not actually achieve the goals or plans described in its forward-looking statements, and investors should not place undue reliance on these statements. CorMedix assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
SOURCE: CorMedix Inc.






Copyright © 2016 Accesswire. All rights reserved.



















		Pharmacy News Index
		






						  Drug Delivery Systems




						  Drugstores




						  FDA Final Approvals




						  Front Page Healthcare News




						  Generic Drugs




						  Hospital Industry




						  Internet Pharmacy




						  IT in Healthcare




						  Medicare & Medicaid




						  Over-the-Counter Drugs




						  Pharm Industry Trends and Policy




						  Pharmaceutical Development




						  Pharmaceutical Industry













LIVE ONLINE CE









Jul 26: Management of Schizophrenia & Acute Agitation










Jul 27: On the Move: A Comprehensive Review of Osteoarthritis, Gout & Rheumatoid Arthritis





Jul 31: Obesity Management: Overview of Pharmacotherapy





Aug 01: Treatment of Depression and Anxiety in Older Adults





Aug 02: Adverse Drug Events: Risk Reduction & Documentation





Click for entire Webinar Calendar










			Special Announcement
		















				Free Membership
				



					Enjoy Drug Search, industry newsletters and more...
					










			Nursing Jobs
		



			Are you a nurse looking for a job?
			Check out the Nursing Job Source.
			Your number one choice for nursing jobs.
		
















			Websites  »  RxCareerCenter.com • RxSchool.com • ClubStaffing.com • NursingJobSource.com • RN.com








NEWS
Drug Delivery Systems
Drugstores
FDA Final Approvals
Front Page Healthcare News
Generic Drugs
Hospital Industry
Internet Pharmacy
IT in Healthcare
Medicare & Medicaid
Over-the-Counter Drugs
Pharm Industry Trends and Policy
Pharmaceutical Development
Pharmaceutical Industry


CAREERS
Pharmacist
Pharmacy Technician
Pharmacy Job Board
Jobs Placement Help
So you want a job as a pharmacist?
Start your career as apharmacy technician


RESOURCES
Boards of Pharmacy
Drug Databases
FDA Resources
Pharmacy Associations
Pharmacy Journals
Pharmacy Newsletters
State Associations
More...


EDUCATION
Certification Courses
Continuing Education
Disease State Management
International Pharmacy Schools
Live On-Line CE
Pharmacy CE
Pharmacy Schools
Pharmacy Tech Training


BUSINESS
Advertising Information
Consulting
Contact Us
Pharmacy Marketing


MARKETPLACE
Drug Manufacturers
Drug Wholesalers
Automation and Robotics
Compounding Supplies
Medication & Supply   Dispensing Systems
Tablet & Capsule Counters
Wholesalers & Distributors
More...


MOST POPULAR
Pharmacy Jobs
Continuing Education
FDA Resources
Drug Information
Pharmacy News
Disease States
Pharm Tech Training






				Copyright © 2017 Pharmacy Choice - All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Statement 
				888-682-4415 









 