

Karl Edward Bandtel: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:40 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Spindrift Partners, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Karl Edward Bandtel  Portfolio Manager, Spindrift Partners, L.P.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships51--
Background

		Mr. Karl Edward Bandtel serves as a Senior Vice President, Partner and Portfolio Manager at Wellington Management Company LLP. Mr. Bandtel joined Wellington Management Company in 1992. He serves as Portfolio Manager at Wellington Hedge Management LLC and Spindrift Partners, L.P. Mr. Bandtel has extensive professional experience. He served as Senior Vice President, Partner and Portfolio Manager at John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust - Natural Resources Trust. He has ... been a Director of Centennial Resource Development, Inc. since October 12, 2016. He earned an M.Sc. degree in Finance and a B.Sc. degree in Business from the University of Wisconsin.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
280 Congress StreetBoston, Massachusetts 02210United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2016-PresentIndependent DirectorCentennial Resource Development, Inc.
Education
MS University of Wisconsin - MadisonBS University of Wisconsin - Madison
Other Affiliations
First Opportunity Fund, Inc.High Yield Plus Fund Inc.University of Wisconsin - MadisonWellington Management Group LLPJohn Hancock Variable Insurance Trust - Natural Resources TrustAnchor Series Trust - Natural Resources PortfolioVanguard Specialized Funds - Vanguard Energy FundJohn Hancock Funds II - John Hancock Natural Resources FundTIFF Investment Program, Inc. - TIFF Multi-Asset FundWellington Alternative Investments LLCCentennial Resource Development, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Spindrift Partners, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























    Karl Bandtel | Wellington Management Company , LLP | ZoomInfo.com


Karl E Bandtel - Cambridge, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Karl E Bandtel in Cambridge, MA


Karl E Bandtel

                                                                           Intelius found that Karl E Bandtel  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Cambridge, MA.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Karl Kim Bandtel


Get Report Now

Age

Karl E Bandtel is in his 50s

Karl Has Lived In

Cambridge, MA
Boston, MA
Milwaukee, WI

Karl's Relatives

Martin Bandtel
Kimberly Bandtel







Karl E Bandtel



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Officer at John Nuveen & Co.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Karl? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Karl, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Karl E Bandtel
Get a Criminal Check on Karl E Bandtel
Get a Public Record Report on Karl E Bandtel
Get a People Search Report on Karl E Bandtel


Karl E Bandtel's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Karl E Bandtel has lived as well as Karl E Bandtel's phone numbers and email addresses.




Karl E Bandtel Has Lived in 3 States
Massachusetts Address for Karl E Bandtel


106 A******* S* 

Cambridge, MA


Has Lived In

Cambridge, MA
Boston, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Karl E Bandtel

() ***-**** - Cambridge, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Cambridge, MA 
(414) ***-**** - Milwaukee, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Karl E Bandtel

k******l@***.net
k******l@***.net
l********e@***.com


Get Email Report




Karl E Bandtel's Professional Information
Information regarding Karl E Bandtel's professional history.  Find out previous places Karl E Bandtel has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Karl E Bandtel Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: John Nuveen & Co.
               Title: Officer
Company: High Yield Plus Fund, Inc. (The)
               Title: Officer
Karl E Bandtel's Experience
Title: Officer
               Company: John Nuveen & Co.
Job Details

Title: Officer
               Company: High Yield Plus Fund, Inc. (The)
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Karl E Bandtel

 See Karl E Bandtel's LinkedIn Profile



Karl E Bandtel's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Karl E Bandtel


Karl E Bandtel's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Karl E Bandtel's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Karl Bandtel
Username Matches

                  KarlBandtel
                  BandtelKarl
                  Karl.Bandtel
                  Bandtel.Karl
                  Karl_Bandtel
                  Bandtel_Karl
                  Karl-Bandtel
                  Bandtel-Karl
                  KBandtel
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Bandtel







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















































CDEV Karl E. Bandtel Insider Trades for Centennial Resource Development Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Centennial Resource Development Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CDEV
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Centennial Resource Development Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 4:10 p.m.


CDEV

/quotes/zigman/78707133/composite


$
16.86




Change

-0.05
-0.29%

Volume
Volume 16,680
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/78707133/composite
Today's close

$
			16.57
		


$
				16.91
			
Change

+0.34
+2.05%





Day low
Day high
$16.34
$17.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $10.67
        

            $20.97
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Karl E. Bandtel



Mr. Karl E. Bandtel is on the Board of Directors at Centennial Resource Development, Inc. Mr. Bandtel was previously employed as Senior Vice President & Equity Portfolio Manager by Wellington Management Co. LLP. He also served on the board at Silver Run Acquisition Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin and a graduate degree from the University of Wisconsin.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/15/2016
11,217


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Mark G. Papa 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Sean  Smith 
Chief Operating Officer




Mr. George  Glyphis 
Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer




Mr. Robert M. Tichio 
Director




Mr. Karl E. Bandtel 
Director




Mr. Jeffrey Howard Tepper 
Director




Ms. Maire A. Baldwin 
Director




Mr. Tony R. Weber 
Director




Mr. Brent P. Jensen 
Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:40 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:39pMeg Whitman steps down as HP chairwoman
4:38pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat: Live blog
4:37pAMD’s stock hits 10-year high as upbeat results prompt analysts to boost targets
4:33pNetGear shares rally 8% after earnings above expectations
4:32pTech and banks will remain Wall Street’s stock leaders through 2017, Goldman says
4:32pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
4:30pThis social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health (it’s not Facebook)
4:29pTrump Today: President ratchets up criticism of Sessions and bars transgender individuals from serving in military 
4:25pHow would health-care reform affect patient health?
4:25pThe social pressure for ‘more house’ and where to live if you want to work in tech
4:23pBuffalo Wild Wings earnings miss consensus, outlook lowered
4:21pA money manager fights the social pressure for ‘more house’
4:21pVideo replay would’ve canceled out the ‘Hand of God,’ soccer legend Maradona says
4:21pIgnore the Obamacare fight in Congress and buy these 5 health-care stocks
4:20pPayPal shares up 2% after company tops views, raises guidance
4:18pFacebook beats second-quarter earnings expectations 
4:17pBill to repeal Obamacare fails in Senate 
4:16pGilead Sciences shares rise after quarterly results top Street view
4:16pBuffalo Wild Wings's stock halted for news until 4:35 p.m. ET
4:15pBuffalo Wild Wings cuts 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $4.50-$5.00 from $5.45-$5.90
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Two Long-Term Vanguard Fund Managers To Retire





































Two Long-Term Vanguard Fund Managers To Retire


 


Lucius T. Hill and Karl E. Bandtel of Wellington to step down in June 2016
VALLEY FORGE, PA (November 12, 2015)—Vanguard today announced that fund managers Lucius T. (L.T.) Hill and Karl E. Bandtel of Wellington Management Company LLP will retire, effective June 2016. 
Mr. Hill has advised the $14.2 billion Vanguard Long-Term Investment-Grade Fund since 2008. A Senior Managing Director of the firm, he joined Wellington in 1993 and has spent more than 30 years in the investment management industry. Upon his retirement, portfolio manager Scott St. John, CFA, will assume sole responsibility for Wellington’s portion of the fund. Mr. St. John, a Senior Managing Director at Wellington, joined the portfolio management team in 2014 and has worked in investment management since 1995. He earned a B.S. from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from the University of Rochester.
Mr. Bandtel, a Wellington Senior Managing Director, joined the firm in 1990 and has served as a portfolio manager of the $9.2 billion Vanguard Energy Fund since 1992. Wellington has advised the fund since its inception in 1984. As part of the planned transition, Greg LeBlanc, CFA will be added as co-portfolio manager to the Energy Fund. A member of Wellington's energy team, Mr. LeBlanc has worked closely with Mr. Bandtel since 1998. In addition, he currently manages energy and commodities portfolios for institutional investors worldwide. Mr. LeBlanc has 23 years of experience in the investment industry and joined Wellington in 1995. Prior to his current role, he served as a global industry analyst on Wellington's energy team. He graduated from Bates College with a BA in economics. 
The Funds’ investment philosophy, objective, strategies, and portfolio management activities will remain the same. Both funds employ a multi-manager approach. In 2005, Vanguard Quantitative Equity Group was added to the Energy Fund's advisory team and, in 2013, Vanguard Fixed Income Group was added as an advisor to Long-Term Investment Grade Fund. Currently, 18 of Vanguard's actively managed funds are multi-managed.
Founded in 1928, Boston, MA-based Wellington Management Company is among the nation's oldest and most respected institutional investment managers. Wellington provides advisory services to 21 Vanguard mandates, representing $313 billion in assets. As Vanguard's longest-tenured advisory team, the partnership with Wellington dates back to the launch of Vanguard's oldest fund, Vanguard Wellington Fund, in 1929. Upon Vanguard's founding in 1975, Wellington Fund became a charter member. 
About Vanguard
Vanguard is one of the world’s largest investment management companies. As of October 31, 2015, Vanguard managed more than $3.4 trillion in global assets. The firm, headquartered in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, offers more than 300 funds to its more than 20 million investors worldwide. For more information, visit vanguard.com.
###
All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
All asset figures as of October 31, 2015, unless otherwise noted. 

















Share this page


Facebook
Twitter


Google+
LinkedIn


Note:  When you use this feature, you'll leave Vanguard's Pressroom site and go to a third-party website. Vanguard accepts no   responsibility for content on third-party sites or for the services provided. Also, please be aware that when you use services provided by a third-party site,   you're subject to that site's terms of service and privacy rules, which you should review carefully.

Close




















































 



 Two Long-Term Vanguard Fund Managers To Retire 
         










    










 






 











 









Two Long-Term Vanguard Fund Managers To Retire

		  Lucius T. Hill and Karl E. Bandtel of Wellington to step down in June 2016
		

Nov 12, 2015, 10:05 ET
		  		  															
						 from   Vanguard 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Vanguard    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Vanguard
 


 

 




 





 


VALLEY FORGE, Pa., Nov. 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Vanguard today announced that fund managers Lucius T. (L.T.) Hill and Karl E. Bandtel of Wellington Management Company LLP will retire, effective June 2016.
Mr. Hill has advised the $14.2 billion Vanguard Long-Term Investment-Grade Fund since 2008. A Senior Managing Director of the firm, he joined Wellington in 1993 and has spent more than 30 years in the investment management industry. Upon his retirement, portfolio manager Scott St. John, CFA, will assume sole responsibility for Wellington's portion of the fund. Mr. St. John, a Senior Managing Director at Wellington, joined the portfolio management team in 2014 and has worked in investment management since 1995. He earned a B.S. from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from the University of Rochester.
Mr. Bandtel, a Wellington Senior Managing Director, joined the firm in 1990 and has served as a portfolio manager of the $9.2 billion Vanguard Energy Fund since 1992. Wellington has advised the fund since its inception in 1984. As part of the planned transition, Greg LeBlanc, CFA will be added as co-portfolio manager to the Energy Fund. A member of Wellington's energy team, Mr. LeBlanc has worked closely with Mr. Bandtel since 1998. In addition, he currently manages energy and commodities portfolios for institutional investors worldwide. Mr. LeBlanc has 23 years of experience in the investment industry and joined Wellington in 1995. Prior to his current role, he served as a global industry analyst on Wellington's energy team. He graduated from Bates College with a BA in economics.
The Funds' investment philosophy, objective, strategies, and portfolio management activities will remain the same. Both funds employ a multi-manager approach. In 2005, Vanguard Quantitative Equity Group was added to the Energy Fund's advisory team and, in 2013, Vanguard Fixed Income Group was added as an advisor to Long-Term Investment Grade Fund. Currently, 18 of Vanguard's actively managed funds are multi-managed.
Founded in 1928, Boston, MA-based Wellington Management Company is among the nation's oldest and most respected institutional investment managers. Wellington provides advisory services to 21 Vanguard mandates, representing $313 billion in assets. As Vanguard's longest-tenured advisory team, the partnership with Wellington dates back to the launch of Vanguard's oldest fund, Vanguard Wellington Fund, in 1929. Upon Vanguard's founding in 1975, Wellington Fund became a charter member.
About VanguardVanguard is one of the world's largest investment management companies. As of October 31, 2015, Vanguard managed more than $3.4 trillion in global assets. The firm, headquartered in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, offers more than 300 funds to its more than 20 million investors worldwide. For more information, visit vanguard.com.
All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.
All asset figures as of October 31, 2015, unless otherwise noted.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150225/177983LOGO 
 SOURCE  Vanguard  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.vanguard.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Dec 20, 2015, 20:00 ET
Preview: Vanguard Developed Markets Index Fund Transitions to New FTSE Index




















Nov 03, 2015, 09:50 ET
Preview: Vanguard Examines 401(k) Behavior/Outcome Gender Paradox








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 24, 2017, 10:10 ET
Vanguard to Expand Balanced Fund Family With Introduction of Two...














Jul 24, 2017, 10:10 ET
Vanguard nombra a Juan Manuel Hernandez para dirigir las...














Jul 24, 2017, 10:10 ET
Vanguard Names Juan Manuel Hernandez to Lead Mexico Business











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  



        citybizlist : Philadelphia : Vanguard Fund Managers Lucius Hill and Karl Bandtel to Retire    



























                Philadelphia            





















Vanguard Fund Managers Lucius Hill and Karl Bandtel to Retire

11/12/15










Vanguard today announced that fund managers Lucius T. (L.T.) Hill and Karl E. Bandtel of Wellington Management Company LLP will retire, effective June 2016.Mr. Hill has advised the $14.2 billion Vanguard Long-Term Investment-Grade Fund since 2008. A Senior Managing Director of the firm, he joined Wellington in 1993 and has spent more than 30 years in the investment management industry. Upon his retirement, portfolio manager Scott St. John, CFA, will assume sole responsibility for Wellington's portion of the fund. Mr. St. John, a Senior Managing Director at Wellington, joined the portfolio management team in 2014 and has worked in investment management since 1995. He earned a B.S. from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from the University of Rochester.Mr. Bandtel, a Wellington Senior Managing Director, joined the firm in 1990 and has served as a portfolio manager of the $9.2 billion Vanguard Energy Fund since 1992. Wellington has advised the fund since its inception in 1984. As part of the planned transition, Greg LeBlanc, CFA will be added as co-portfolio manager to the Energy Fund. A member of Wellington's energy team, Mr. LeBlanc has worked closely with Mr. Bandtel since 1998. In addition, he currently manages energy and commodities portfolios for institutional investors worldwide. Mr. LeBlanc has 23 years of experience in the investment industry and joined Wellington in 1995. Prior to his current role, he served as a global industry analyst on Wellington's energy team. He graduated fromBates College with a BA in economics.The Funds' investment philosophy, objective, strategies, and portfolio management activities will remain the same. Both funds employ a multi-manager approach. In 2005, Vanguard Quantitative Equity Group was added to the Energy Fund's advisory team and, in 2013, Vanguard Fixed Income Group was added as an advisor to Long-Term Investment Grade Fund. Currently, 18 of Vanguard's actively managed funds are multi-managed.Founded in 1928, Boston, MA-based Wellington Management Company is among the nation's oldest and most respected institutional investment managers. Wellington provides advisory services to 21 Vanguard mandates, representing $313 billion in assets. As Vanguard's longest-tenured advisory team, the partnership withWellington dates back to the launch of Vanguard's oldest fund, Vanguard Wellington Fund, in 1929. Upon Vanguard's founding in 1975, Wellington Fund became a charter member.About VanguardVanguard is one of the world's largest investment management companies. As of October 31, 2015, Vanguard managed more than $3.4 trillion in global assets. The firm, headquartered in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, offers more than 300 funds to its more than 20 million investors worldwide. For more information, visit vanguard.com.







Ceo Interviews


Interviewed by Edwin Warfield







                                        Lessoncast: A New Tool to Help Teachers Up Their Game - Part II                                    



 


                                    Sponsored by
 




                                        Rick Bunker, Cofounder and CEO of Prescription Advisory Systems and Technology - Part I                                    



 


                                    Sponsored by
Newmark Knight Frank 




                                        Shaun Buss, CFO at IBS Direct - Part I                                    



 


                                    Sponsored by
Newmark Knight Frank 




                                        Cheryl Colleluori, CEO and President of the HEADstrong Foundation - Part I                                    



 


                                    Sponsored by
Newmark Knight Frank 












 Want to start a relationship with a CEO? Contact Edwin Warfield























It's on us. Share your news here.
Submit your stories and articles to citybizlist today.








Commercial Real Estate



Posted on 7/26/17
300,000 SF Single-Tenant Industrial Building In Philadelphia Sold To Gladstone Commercial Corporation 
Janney Montgomery Scott's Real Estate Investment Banking Group Leads Global Medical REIT's Common Equity Offering
Hunt Mortgage Group Opens New Office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania



Law



Posted on 7/26/17
Stradley Ronon Partner Alan Gedrich Appointed to Penn State Law School  Board of Advisers 
High Swartz Named ‘Top Attorneys’ for 2017 by Suburban Life Magazine
High SwartzFamily Law Attorneys Speak at Pennsylvania Bar Association Family Law Section Summer Meeting



Venture Capital



Posted on 7/25/17
Patriot Financial Partners Targets $300M for Third Fund 
Duolingo Raises $25M Series E
Domain Associates Leads $20M Series D for Sebacia






















Stay in the Know. Sign Up for our E-Newsletter
Join more than 20,000 subscribers and sign up to get daily updates with Baltimore's latest business news



Sign Me Up
































Contact Our CEO, Edwin Warfield

For partnerships, content marketing or advertising inquiries, please contact Edwin through his LinkedIn Profile
Connect






© Copyright 2017 citybizlist | Created by Mission and Powered by A4Amazing



















 












2 Wellington Management senior managing directors to retire - Pensions & Investments
























































































































































































MONEY MANAGEMENT

2 Wellington Management senior managing directors to retire
 




    By James Comtois



 · November 12, 2015 4:26 pm · Updated 4:28 pm



Two senior managing directors and fund managers at Wellington Management that subadvise Vanguard Group funds, Lucius T. Hill and Karl E. Bandtel, will retire effective June 2016, said Vanguard spokeswoman Katie Henderson.Mr. Hill has co-managed the $14.2 billion Vanguard Long-Term Investment-Grade Fund with Scott St. John, Wellington senior managing director and fund co-portfolio manager. Upon his retirement, Mr. St. John will assume sole responsibility for Wellington’s portion of the fund.Mr. Bandtel has served as a portfolio manager of the $9.2 billion Vanguard Energy Fund since 1992. Greg LeBlanc will be added as co-portfolio manager to the Energy Fund. Mr. LeBlanc currently manages energy and commodities portfolios for global institutional investors for Wellington.


Related Coverage

Midsize money management firms see growth shrinking







 
 

Wellington spokeswoman Sara Lou Sherman said a succession plan is in place for the senior managing director positions. Ms. Sherman declined to comment further.Wellington Management Co. has $313 billion in assets under management. Vanguard had $3.4 trillion in AUM as of Oct. 31.






People,
Money management,
Vanguard Group,



















Top Picks




T. Rowe Price reports 5% bump in AUM for quarter, net inflows of $3.7 billion




Rick Funston, managing partner, Funston Advisory Services LLC



Prudential Retirement names full service solutions group head






Fees on committed capital the norm in private equity funds






Top Picks




T. Rowe Price reports 5% bump in AUM for quarter, net inflows of $3.7 billion




Rick Funston, managing partner, Funston Advisory Services LLC





Prudential Retirement names full service solutions group head






Fees on committed capital the norm in private equity funds












Related
Midsize money management firms see growth shrinking







Popular Stories

EnerVest isn't alone feeling the pain from oil price drop
CalSTRS reports 13.4% return for fiscal year, topping its benchmark
Record 65% of managers believe U.S. equities overvalued
Blackstone assets increase 1% to record $371.1 billion







Upcoming P&I Conferences



view more  


Upcoming P&I Webinars



view more  



White Papers



    The Path to Transparency In Alternatives Investing
    


    The Merits and Methods of Multi-Factor Investing
    


    Getting smart (beta) about target date funds
    


    Market Capitalization Weighted Indexes: An Accident of History
    


    Managing investment outcomes with volatility control
    


view more  

Advertisment









Related
Midsize money management firms see growth shrinking






















































Karl E Bandtel, 51  - Cambridge, MA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 KB


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Karl Bandtel
 Cambridge, MA
 Age: 51 -
								07/26/1966






AKA:
                                                Karl E Morbeck, Karl Brandtel, Karl E Bandtel













Work Info








                                    Single






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Karl










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(617) 441-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











1*** **** St


Cambridge, MA 02138







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Cambridge
, MA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Cambridge
, MA.
         is related to
                Kimberly Bandtel.
        















About & Contact Information


Karl's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Cambridge
, MA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Cambridge
, MA.
         is related to
                Kimberly Bandtel.
        
Views & Opinions

Environmental Supporter
Second Amendment Supporter






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
1*** **** St
Cambridge, MA
View Address


Past Address
1*** **** Ave




Cambridge
, MA
View Address


Past Address
1*** **** Ave




Cambridge
, MA
View Address


Past Address
6*** **** Ave




Cambridge
, MA
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(617) 441-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(617) 945-****





    Karl may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Karl's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Karl may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Karl may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Karl may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Karl may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Karl may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Karl's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Karl may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Karl may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Karl's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Karl Bandtel's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Karl










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Karl may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Karl. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Karl may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Karl may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Karl may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Karl may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 KB

Kimberly Bandtel

                                            Cambridge, MA



 MB

Martin Bandtel

                                            Lake Mills, WI




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Karl may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Karl build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Karl Bandtel
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Karl's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Karl have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Karl
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Karl

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Karl

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Karl?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Karl Bandtel?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Karl 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Karl .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Karl Bandtel
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Karl Bandtel's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Karl's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Karl Bandtel











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Karl



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Karl Bandtel











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Wed Jul 26 13:40:44 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 







