

STEVEN BANGERT - DENVER, CO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



DENVER



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            STEVEN BANGERT
                                    



 





















S 


STEVEN BANGERT
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



821 17TH ST DENVER, CO 80202
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts STEVEN BANGERT







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Steven  Bangert's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
B
Bangert

Steven  Bangert




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 359618231Steven  Bangert3920 Club DrDuluth, GA 30096(770) 925-1680Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618232Steven  Bangert200 Saint Thomas DrGodfrey, IL 62035Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618233Steven  Bangert130 River View StGates, OR 97346Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618234Steven  Bangert202 Saratoga Vein CtCastle Rock, CO 80104Age 60 (Born Jul 1957)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618235Steven  Bangert2619 Lawrence StTacoma, WA 98407Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618236Steven K Bangert7237 171st LnKenmore, WA 98028Age 59 (Born 1958)(425) 481-0146Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618237Steven G Bangert2125 Hawthorne PlDenver, CO 80206Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618238Steven G Bangert821 17th StDenver, CO 80202Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618239Steven G Bangert3909 Balmoral DrChampaign, IL 61822Age 68 (Born Nov 1949)(217) 355-4915Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618240Steven N Bangert10842 Wilkinson AveCupertino, CA 95014Age 67 (Born 1950)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618241Steven N Bangert55 Spanish Bay CirPebble Beach, CA 93953Age 67 (Born 1950)(831) 375-8613Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618242Steven L Bangert734 Filmore StCheney, KS 67025Age 47 (Born 1970)(316) 542-0529Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618243Steven C Bangert650 Schiller StSun Prairie, WI 53590Age 64 (Born Oct 1953)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618244Steven C Bangert9044 Albrecht RdStaunton, IL 62088Age 53 (Born 1964)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618245Steven C Bangert5736 Staunton RdEdwardsville, IL 62025(618) 633-1981Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618246Steven A Bangert3917 Pegg AveColumbus, OH 43214Age 48 (Born Apr 1969)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 359618247Steven A Bangert12100 Martinsburg RdUtica, OH 43080Age 48 (Born 1969)Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017











CoBiz Financial - Officers & Directors
























































  





  















Business Lines


Overview




In the Community


Overview


CoBiz Cares Foundation


Biz Bash




News & Events


News & Events


Investor Relations


E-newsletters




Investor Relations



Corporate Overview


Stock Information




Stock Quote


Historic Prices


Dividends


Basis Calculator


Return Calculator




SEC Filings




Documents


Financial Documents


Insider Filings


Insider Transactions


Ownership




Financial Information




Financial Highlights


Financial Charting


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


D/L Composition


Deposit Marketshare


Peer Analysis




Earnings, News & Market Data




Earnings and News Releases


Analyst Estimates


Presentations


Webcast Archives




Event Calendar


Other Information




Information Request


Email Notification


FAQ




IR Site Map




About Us


Overview


Contact Us




Careers


View Current Listings










Corporate Overview



Corporate Profile


Officers & Directors


Governance


Committee Charters



Stock Information



Stock Quote


Historic Prices


Dividends


Basis Calculator


Return Calculator



SEC Filings



Documents


Financial Documents


Insider Filings


Insider Transactions


Ownership



Financial Information



Financial Highlights


Financial Charting


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


D/L Composition


Deposit Marketshare


Peer Analysis



Earnings, News & Market Data



Earnings and News Releases


Analyst Estimates


Presentations


Webcast Archives



Event Calendar
Other Information



Information Request


Email Notification


FAQ



IR Site Map




Officers & Directors

















Click on a person's name or image to view his or her biography. 


Click on a person's name to view his or her biography.














Senior Management





Steven Bangert

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer





Steven Bangert has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company since September 1994.  From August 1992 to March 1999, Bangert served as President and a director of Western Capital Holdings, Inc. (Western Capital), formerly the bank holding company for River Valley Bank - Texas, located in McAllen, Texas. From March 1992 to July 1998, he also served as Chairman of the Board of River Valley Bank - Texas, and, from April 1988 to July 1994, he served as Vice Chairman of the Board and CEO of River Valley Savings Bank - Illinois, a financial institution with locations in Chicago and Peoria, Illinois. From February 1994 to July 1998, Bangert served as a director and member of the Executive Committee of Lafayette American Bank. He holds a B.S. degree in business administration from the University of Nebraska - Lincoln.







Lyne B. Andrich

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer





Lyne Andrich has served as Executive Vice President and CFO of the Company since May 2003. She served as Controller of the Company from May 1997 until May 2003. From November 1995 to May 1997, Andrich was a regional reporting manager for Key Bank of the Rocky Mountains. From June 1989 to November 1995, she held several positions with Bank One, Colorado, including Assistant Controller, Financial Reporting Manager and internal auditor. She holds a B.S. degree in accounting from the University of Florida and is a Certified Public Accountant.









Richard J. Dalton

Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer





Richard Dalton has served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer (COO) of the Company since May 2009. From May 2003 to May 2009, he served as the President of the Company.  From January 1997 to May 2003, Dalton served as Executive Vice President and CFO of the Company. From August 1992 to January 1998, he was the Vice President of Western Capital.  From August 1992 to June 1996, he served as the President and CEO of River Valley Bank - Texas.  He holds a B.S. degree in business administration from the University of Southern Colorado and an M.B.A. from the University of Colorado.







Scott E. Page

CEO, Colorado Business Bank/Arizona Business Bank





Scott Page has served as CEO of the Bank since January of 2014 and Director of Wealth Management since 2012. Previously he served as Colorado Market President of the Bank from 2009 until the end of 2013. Prior to joining the Company, he was Executive Vice President and Director of Community Banking for Vectra Bank Colorado, and Senior Vice President of US Bank’s large commercial banking and financial institutions group. He holds a B.S. and an M.B.A. from University of New Mexico, and is a graduate of the University of Colorado School of Banking.











Board of Directors





Steven Bangert

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer





Steven Bangert has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company since September 1994.  From August 1992 to March 1999, Bangert served as President and a director of Western Capital Holdings, Inc. (Western Capital), formerly the bank holding company for River Valley Bank - Texas, located in McAllen, Texas. From March 1992 to July 1998, he also served as Chairman of the Board of River Valley Bank - Texas, and, from April 1988 to July 1994, he served as Vice Chairman of the Board and CEO of River Valley Savings Bank - Illinois, a financial institution with locations in Chicago and Peoria, Illinois. From February 1994 to July 1998, Bangert served as a director and member of the Executive Committee of Lafayette American Bank. He holds a B.S. degree in business administration from the University of Nebraska - Lincoln.







Michael B. Burgamy







From 1999 to April 2001, Michael Burgamy served as the chief financial officer of Colibri Holding Corporation, a manufacturer of pet products and garden supplies. In April 2001 he became a director of Colibri Holding Corporation. From 1991 to 1999, Burgamy served as the president of Perky-Pet Products Co., a manufacturer of pet products and supplies. From January 1976 to November 1994, he was president of CGS Distributing, Inc., a wholesale distributor of lawn and garden supplies. He holds a B.S. degree in engineering management from the United States Air Force Academy. Burgamy has also served as a director of the Bank since March 1997.









Evan Makovsky







Evan Makovsky is the co-founder of Shames-Makovsky Realty Company, which specializes in the sale and leasing of commercial, industrial and investment properties. In the mid-1980s Shames-Makovsky Realty Company formed Shames-Makovsky Mortgage Company, which specializes in “gap” financing. He holds a B.S.B.A. degree and an M.S.B.A. degree in Finance from the University of Denver. Makovsky has also served as a director of the Bank since March 1997.







Richard L. Monfort







Richard Monfort has served as owner/chairman of the Colorado Rockies Baseball Club since 2010. Previously, he spent 25 years in the cattle business, serving as president of Monfort of Colorado in 1987, president & CEO of ConAgra Red Meats in 1991, and launching the Montera Cattle Co. in 1996. Monfort chairs the University of Northern Colorado Board of Trustees, the Board of Directors of the University of Colorado Health System and the Colorado Economic Development Commission. He received his bachelor’s degree in business management from the University of Northern Colorado.









Douglas L. Polson







Douglas Polson served as chairman of Pacific Energy Group LLC, a NYSE-registered company and an affiliate of the Anschutz Corporation, from 2001 until 2005. He previously served as vice president, CFO and director of the Anschutz Corporation and Anschutz Company. Polson formerly chaired the Audit and Finance Committee and served as a member of the Executive Committee of the University of Colorado Hospital.  He received his bachelor’s degree from Utah State University and master’s in business administration from Michigan State University. He previously served on the boards of directors of Southern Pacific Rail Corporation, Rio Grande Industries and Qwest Communications International, Inc.







Mary K. Rhinehart

Chair, Audit Committee





Mary Rhinehart is senior vice president and chief financial officer of Johns Manville, a leading manufacturer and marketer of premium-quality building and specialty products and a Berkshire Hathaway company. Since joining Johns Manville in 1979, she has served in numerous leadership roles including CFO, corporate treasurer, corporate controller, vice president of human resources and vice president and general manager of a business unit. She received her bachelor’s degree in finance cum laude from the University of Colorado at Boulder and her master’s in business administration from the University of Denver. Rhinehart currently serves on the board of directors of the University of Colorado Hospital – Finance and Audit Committee and the University of Denver Daniels College of Business Executive Advisory Committee.  She is a former board member of Craig Hospital (including Chairman), KEMPE Children’s Foundation and the Denver Chamber of Commerce.









Noel N. Rothman







Noel Rothman is a private investor and has served as president of Namtor, Inc., a closely held business services company in which he is a principal shareholder, since September 1985. Rothman attended Wayne State University.







Bruce H. Schroffel







Bruce Schroffel has served as president and CEO of the University of Colorado Hospital since 2006. He has worked in healthcare administration for more than 30 years and was named the 2010 Business Person of the Year by the Denver Post. He received his bachelor’s degree from the University of California, Berkeley, and master’s degrees in science and public health from Columbia University. He has served on many boards including the University HealthSystem Consortium, the Greater New York Hospital Association, AAMC Council of Teaching Hospitals, TriWest, Colorado Hospital Association, Project C.U.R.E. and Denver Foundation.









Timothy J. Travis







Since November 1981, Timothy Travis has been the President and CEO of Eaton Metal Products Company, a fully integrated engineering fabricator, with which he has been employed since 1963. Travis also serves as a director and chairman of the audit committee and also serves on the finance committee and on the executive committee of University of Colorado Hospital, and is a past Chairman of the Denver Area Council of Boy Scouts of America. In addition, he is also a director of the National Western Stock Show.  Travis is also a member of the Board of Directors of Raffles Insurance Co. In September of 2008 he became a Trustee of the El Pomar Foundation.







Mary Beth Vitale

Chair, Governance and Nominating Committee





Mary Beth Vitale co-founded Pellera, a strategic communications and business development firm, in 2001. Previously, she had served as President, CEO and Chairman of the Board of WestwindMedia.com, President and COO of RMI.NET, and President-western states for AT&T. She received her bachelor's degree from Hillsdale College in Hillsdale, Michigan; a master's degree from the University of Colorado; and an advanced management degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. She was also a Commissioner on former Colorado Governor Bill Owens’ Commission for Science and Technology. In addition, she is the President and a member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Corporate Directors local chapter. Ms. Vitale previously served on the Board of Intrado, Inc., a publicly-traded technology company, from 1999 to 2004; on the Board of RMI.Net, a publicly traded national e-business and convergent communications company from 1997 to 2000; on the Board as lead director of Eye-ris, a privately held software company, since 2006; on the Board of Zynex, Inc., a publicly-traded medical technology company, since 2008; and has served as a director of the Bank since May 2009.



























 Copyright 2017, 
© S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use











Contact Us


CoBiz Financial

            1401 Lawrence St., Ste. 1200
            Denver, CO  80202
            303.312.3412info@cobizfinancial.com



CoBiz Companies 


Colorado Business Bank 

Arizona Business Bank 

CoBiz Private Bank 

CoBiz Insurance 

CoBiz Wealth 





Site Map 


Business Lines 

In the Community 

News & Events 

Investor Relations 

About Us 

Privacy Notice 

Careers 

OREO Properties 





  






403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




 




COFC-HOMER J. HOLLAND, STEVEN BANGERT, Co-Executor of the Estate of HOWARD R. ROSS, and FIRST BANK v. THE UNITED STATES - PubKGroup























 






































 COFC-HOMER J. HOLLAND, STEVEN BANGERT, Co-Executor of the Estate of HOWARD R. ROSS, and FIRST BANK v. THE UNITED STATES







COFC-HOMER J. HOLLAND, STEVEN BANGERT, Co-Executor of the Estate of HOWARD R. ROSS, and FIRST BANK v. THE UNITED STATES
08/26/2008



COFC No. 95-524 C, August 26, 2008. Winstar case. While rejecting most of plaintiff’s damage theories, Judge George Miller does award $18,623,000 for decline in going-concern value. The counterclaims asserted by the government are delayed for further proceedings. Source Read more ›To access this content, you must purchase PubKLaw Yearly Membership or Add an Employee to your Group Membership – Law Membership, or log in if you are a member. 










 



































Steven C Bangert - Maryville, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Steven C Bangert in Maryville, IL


Steven C Bangert

                                                                           Intelius found that Steven C Bangert  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Maryville, IL.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Steve  Bangert


Get Report Now

Age

Steven C Bangert is in his 50s

Steven Has Lived In

Maryville, IL
Staunton, IL
Edwardsville, IL

Steven's Relatives

Dorothy Bangert
Linda Bangert
Richard Bangert
Susan Bangert







Steven C Bangert



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Certifed Sales Professional and  Used Car Assistant Manager at Cassens & Sons Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Steven? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Steven, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Steven C Bangert
Get a Criminal Check on Steven C Bangert
Get a Public Record Report on Steven C Bangert
Get a People Search Report on Steven C Bangert


Steven C Bangert's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Steven C Bangert has lived as well as Steven C Bangert's phone numbers and email addresses.




Steven C Bangert Has Lived in 2 States
Illinois Address for Steven C Bangert


409 B**** L* 

Maryville, IL


Has Lived In

Maryville, IL
Staunton, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Steven C Bangert

(618) ***-****
() ***-**** - Maryville, IL 
(618) ***-**** - Staunton, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Steven C Bangert



Get Email Report




Steven C Bangert's Professional Information
Information regarding Steven C Bangert's professional history.  Find out previous places Steven C Bangert has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Steven C Bangert Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Cassens & Sons Inc
               Title: Certifed Sales Professional and  Used Car Assistant Manager
Company: Ducks Unlimited Inc
               Title: Outdoors-man and State Chairman
Steven C Bangert's Experience
Title: Certifed Sales Professional and  Used Car Assistant Manager
               Company: Cassens & Sons Inc
Job Details
               In the METRO EAST, Cassens has been serving Edwardsville/Glen Carbon residents since 1933. We are very proud of the fact that we recently added the JEEP brand to our CHRYSLER, DODGE and DODGE TRUCK franchise. As an AUTOMOTIVESUPERSTORE, we are prepared to handle any of your automotive needs. We specialize in BODY REPAIR WORK, PARTS and ACCESSORIES, and 5 STAR SERVICE and REPAIRS.
Title: Outdoors-man and State Chairman
               Company: Ducks Unlimited Inc
Job Details
               About Ducks Unlimited: With more than one million supporters, Ducks Unlimited is the world's largest wetland and waterfowl conservation organization. Since its founding in 1937, DU has raised more than $1.5 billion and conserved nearly 11 million acres critical wildlife habitat across North America. Wetlands are nature's most productive ecosystems, but the United States has lost more than half of its original wetlands and continues to lose more than 80,000 wetland acres every year. About Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council: Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council speaks for our members including full-time and seasonal residents, lake associations, and businesses. We work to maintain the environmental integrity and economic and aesthetic values of lakes, streams, wetlands, and ground water in Northern Michigan, as well as statewide and throughout the Great Lakes Basin. As the lead organization for water resources protection in Antrim, Charlevoix, Cheboygan, and Emmet Counties, the Watershed Council is working to preserve the heritage of Northern Michigan - a tradition built around our magnificent waters.
Additional Professional Information on Steven C Bangert

 See Steven C Bangert's LinkedIn Profile



Steven C Bangert's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Steven C Bangert


Steven C Bangert's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Steven C Bangert's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Steven Bangert
Username Matches

                  StevenBangert
                  BangertSteven
                  Steven.Bangert
                  Bangert.Steven
                  Steven_Bangert
                  Bangert_Steven
                  Steven-Bangert
                  Bangert-Steven
                  SBangert
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Bangert







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














































Steven A. Menz Jennifer Menz v. New Holland North America, Inc. Ford Motor Company Bangert Tractor, 440 F.3d 1002 – CourtListener.com














Toggle navigation













About
FAQ
Tour

Donate


Sign in / Register




From Free Law Project, a 501(c)(3) non-profit.









Opinions


RECAP Archive


Oral Arguments


Judges


Visualizations 



Gallery


SCOTUS Networks


New Network




Donate










Your Notes

                    (edit)
                     


                    (none)
                




Cited By (37) 




This case has been cited by these opinions:


Heather Wilkinson v. Jacob Allen Shackelford Michelin North America, Inc. (2007)


In Re Prempro Products Liability Litigation (2010)


Junk v. Terminix Intern. Co. (2010)


Menz v. New Holland North America, Inc. (2007)


Knudson v. Systems Painters, Inc. (2011)




                        View All Citing Opinions
                    



Authorities (15)
This opinion cites:



                                Cooter & Gell v. Hartmarx Corp., 496 U.S. 384 (1990)
                            



                                Patricia J. Mayes v. Stanley Rapoport Judith Rapoport David Key, ...
                            



                                George Wiles, Doing Business as Arcadia Valley Office Supply v. ...
                            



                                Delbrel v. Doenges Bros. Ford, Inc., 913 P.2d 1318 (Okla. 1996)
                            



                                Brown v. Hamid, 856 S.W.2d 51 (Mo. 1993)
                            




                        View All Authorities
                    



Share



 
        

 
        

 

        





Support FLP 

            CourtListener is a project of Free
            Law Project, a federally-recognized 501(c)(3) non-profit. We
            rely on donations for our financial security.
        
Please support our work with a donation.

Donate Now





Steven A. Menz Jennifer Menz v. New Holland North America, Inc. Ford Motor Company Bangert Tractor Sales, Inc. Westendorf Manufacturing Co., Inc., 440 F.3d 1002 (8th Cir. 2006)





                        Sign in or register to save a favorite.
                    

(click to dismiss)



Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit

Filed:

                    March 16th, 2006
                    
                


Precedential Status:

                    Precedential
                


Citations:

                    440 F.3d 1002
                


Docket Number:

                    05-1739
                






440 F.3d 1002
Steven A. MENZ; Jennifer Menz, Appellants,v.NEW HOLLAND NORTH AMERICA, INC.; Ford Motor Company; Bangert Tractor Sales, Inc.; Westendorf Manufacturing Co., Inc., Appellees.
No. 05-1739.
United States Court of Appeals, Eighth Circuit.
Submitted: January 9, 2006.
Filed: March 16, 2006.

Counsel who presented argument on behalf of the appellant was J. Michael Ponder of Cape Girardeau, MO.
Counsel who presented argument on behalf of the appellee was John E. Galvin of St. Louis, MO. Donald J. Ohl of Edwardsville, IL appeared on the brief.
Before BYE, HEANEY, and COLLOTON, Circuit Judges.
BYE, Circuit Judge.


1
Steven Menz and his wife, Jennifer Menz, sued New Holland North America and others for their injuries arising out of a tractor roll-over accident. The district court denied their motion to remand the case to state court and then dismissed the action as a sanction for spoliation of evidence. The Menzes appeal both orders. We affirm in part, reverse in part, and remand for further proceedings.


2
* On October 3, 2002, Steven Menz was moving dirt with his Ford 6600 tractor at the bottom of a levy next to his farm near Jackson, Missouri. The tractor was equipped with a front-end loader manufactured by Westendorf Manufacturing. The loader was approximately three-quarter's full of dirt when the tractor's front tire skidded into a hole and the tractor rolled over. Menz's left arm remained pinned between the ground and the tractor seat most of the day. Menz suffered several injuries, including the amputation of his left arm.


3
After the accident, Menz repaired the tractor by replacing the back fenders, seat, steering wheel, muffler and hood. Approximately two months after the accident, Menz bought a different tractor equipped with a foot-activated throttle. Intending to buy a different loader he could operate after his amputation, Menz sold the Westendorf loader. In the summer and fall of 2003, Menz completed the farm work he had been performing at the time of the accident, changing the slope of the levy.


4
In November 2003, the Menzes filed suit in St. Louis Circuit Court against New Holland North America, Ford Motor Company, Bangert Tractor Sales, and Westendorf Manufacturing. The Menzes sued Bangert, a Missouri company they used to service and repair the tractor, for negligent failure to warn of the dangers associated with tractor tipovers and for failing to offer to retrofit the tractor with a roll over protection system (ROPS).


5
In December 2003, Ford and New Holland removed the case to federal court alleging Bangert, the one non-diverse defendant, was fraudulently joined and should be disregarded for purposes of establishing diversity jurisdiction. The district court denied a motion to remand brought by the Menzes, concluding they had failed to state cognizable claims against Bangert.


6
In January 2005, Ford filed a motion for sanctions seeking to have the case dismissed because the Menzes spoliated evidence by making the post-accident repairs to the tractor, selling the Westendorf loader, and completing the levy work which allegedly altered the scene of the accident. Without determining whether the Menzes acted in bad faith, the district court granted the motion concluding the spoliation prejudiced the defendants and rendered a full defense impossible.


7
The Menzes filed a timely appeal. On appeal they contend the district court erred in concluding Bangert was fraudulently joined for the purpose of destroying diversity jurisdiction. They also contend the district court abused its discretion in dismissing the case as a sanction for spoliation of evidence.

II
A. Fraudulent Joinder

8
We review the district court's denial of the remand motion de novo. Watson v. Philip Morris Cos., Inc., 420 F.3d 852, 855 (8th Cir.2005); see also Mayes v. Rapoport, 198 F.3d 457, 460 (4th Cir.1999) ("We review de novo questions of subject matter jurisdiction, including those relating to the propriety of removal and `fraudulent joinder.'").


9
The "common thread" underlying the question whether a defendant has been fraudulently joined to defeat diversity jurisdiction "is reason. Thus, a proper review should give paramount consideration to the reasonableness of the basis underlying the state claim." Filla v. Norfolk S. Ry., 336 F.3d 806, 810 (8th Cir.2003). "[J]oinder is fraudulent when there exists no reasonable basis in fact and law supporting a claim against the resident defendants." Id. (quoting Wiles v. Capitol Indem. Corp., 280 F.3d 868, 871 (8th Cir. 2002)).


10
Bangert's involvement in this case stems from its occasional repair and service of the tractor involved in the accident. As a result of that involvement, the Menzes claim Bangert had a duty to warn of the dangers associated with rollovers and a duty to offer to retrofit the tractor with a ROPS. We address the reasonableness of each of these claims in turn.

1. Duty to Warn of Rollovers

11
With respect to the duty-to-warn claim, Missouri law provides "suppliers" of products can be liable for failing to warn of a product's allegedly dangerous characteristics. E.g., Hill v. Gen. Motors, 637 S.W.2d 382, 384 (Mo.Ct.App.1982) (noting Missouri's adoption of Section 388 of the Restatement (Second) of Torts). Relying upon comment c to Section 388 of the Restatement (Second) of Torts, the Menzes argue Bangert was a "supplier" of the tractor in question. Comment c provides a "supplier" includes "one who undertakes the repair of a chattel and who delivers it back with knowledge that it is defective because of the work which he is employed to do upon it." Restatement (Second) of Torts § 388 cmt. c (1965).


12
By its own terms, comment c only applies to a negligent repairer who knows a product is defective because of the specific repair work he is asked to perform. In this case, there is no evidence Bangert was ever asked to repair or inspect the tractor's stability. Instead, the Menzes seek to extend a repairer's duty to include a duty to warn of general dangers in the product unrelated to the specific repair work performed. The Menzes contend there is no fraudulent joinder so long as they allege a "colorable" claim, that is, "if the state law might impose liability on the resident defendant under the facts alleged[.]" Filla, 336 F.3d at 810. Although there are no Missouri cases on point, the Menzes contend Missouri courts may expand the duty of a repairer to include the duty to warn of general dangers associated with a product unrelated to the specific repair work performed.


13
The non-Missouri cases the Menzes cite in support of their contention all involve a repairer's failure to warn of a defect related to the specific repair work performed. See Delbrel v. Doenges Bros. Ford, Inc., 913 P.2d 1318, 1320 (Okla.1996) (involving an allegation negligent repairs caused a vehicle to die in the roadway); Mozie v. Sears Roebuck & Co., 623 A.2d 607, 612 (D.C.1993) (involving an injury allegedly caused by brake failure against a repairer who inspected the brakes); Schichtl v. Slack, 293 Ark. 281, 737 S.W.2d 628, 629 (1987) (involving the failure to warn of the danger of fire associated with overheating in a newly-installed engine and transmission); Hunt v. Ford Motor Co., 341 So. 2d 614, 619 (La.Ct.App.1977) (involving injuries caused by a defective steering mechanism where the "difficulties with the steering were repeatedly called to the [repairer's] attention."). We found no jurisdiction which has expanded a repairer's duty to include the duty to warn of general dangers associated with a product unrelated to the specific repair work performed. As a consequence, we conclude it is unreasonable to believe Missouri would impose such a duty upon a repair service provider


14
2. Duty to Offer to Retrofit the Tractor with a ROPS


15
Next, the Menzes contend Bangert had a duty to offer to retrofit the Ford tractor with a ROPS. We disagree. Under Missouri law, even a manufacturer has no duty to offer to retrofit a tractor with a ROPS when such was not required at the time of manufacture. Morrison v. Kubota Tractor Corp., 891 S.W.2d 422, 429-30 (Mo.Ct.App. 1994). As a consequence, it is unreasonable to contend Missouri courts would impose such a duty upon a mere repair service provider.


16
Because neither claim the Menzes brought against Bangert was colorable under Missouri law, the district court did not err in denying the motion to remand this case to state court.

B. Spoliation of Evidence

17
We review the district court's imposition of sanctions for an abuse of discretion. Stevenson v. Union Pac. R.R. Co., 354 F.3d 739, 745 (8th Cir.2004). "A district court would necessarily abuse its discretion if it based its ruling on an erroneous view of the law or on a clearly erroneous assessment of the evidence." Plaintiffs' Baycol Steering Comm. v. Bayer Corp., 419 F.3d 794, 802 (8th Cir.2005) (quoting Cooter & Gell v. Hartmarx Corp., 496 U.S. 384, 405, 110 S. Ct. 2447, 110 L. Ed. 2d 359 (1990)).


18
The Menzes contend the district court abused its discretion in dismissing the case because 1) there was no determination Steve Menz acted in bad faith in causing or allowing the destruction of evidence; 2) Steve Menz lacked knowledge of the evidence's possible significance to any potential or pending litigation and therefore had no duty to preserve the evidence; 3) the sanction of dismissal deprived the Menzes of a property right without due process of law; 4) the Menzes gained no evidentiary advantage and therefore a lesser sanction, if any, should have been imposed; and 5) the defendants were not prejudiced since their need for testing to prepare a defense could have been met through the use of exemplar products.


19
We first address the Menzes' contention, supported with cites to both federal and Missouri law, the district court abused its discretion by dismissing the case as a sanction for spoliation of evidence without first determining whether Steve Menz acted in bad faith. We need not decide whether federal or state law governs in this diversity action because the result is the same under both—to warrant dismissal as a sanction for spoliation of evidence "there must be a finding of intentional destruction indicating a desire to suppress the truth." Stevenson, 354 F.3d at 746; see also Morris v. Union Pac. R.R., 373 F.3d 896, 901 (8th Cir.2004) (noting under Stevenson "a finding of intent is required to impose the sanction of an adverse inference instruction."); Brown v. Hamid, 856 S.W.2d 51, 56-57 (Mo.1993) ("The evidentiary spoliation doctrine applies when there is intentional destruction of evidence, indicating fraud and a desire to suppress the truth.").


20
The appellees contend Stevenson and Morris are distinguishable because they dealt with the sanction of an adverse inference instruction against a defendant rather than the sanction of dismissal against a plaintiff. We disagree. Although Stevenson and Morris involved defendants who spoliated evidence, the reasoning in those cases applies equally to plaintiffs; a finding of bad faith is necessary before giving an adverse inference instruction at trial against a plaintiff for the destruction of evidence. It would therefore be unreasonable to excuse a finding of bad faith when imposing a more severe sanction, the outright dismissal of a plaintiff's case.


21
The appellees argue dismissal is nevertheless appropriate in this case because of the extent to which they have been prejudiced by the destruction of the evidence. They point out the very product at issue, the tractor, was substantially altered, as was the scene of the accident. We decline to adopt an "extreme prejudice" exception in this case. We note, after all, the Menzes bear the burden of proof if their case gets to trial. Thus, in a case such as this, where the Menzes are pursuing a products liability action without the product, the prejudice they have suffered due to the loss of the product may equal or exceed that suffered by the appellees.


22
Moreover, with respect to the accident scene, we note it changed substantially the very day of the accident. Emergency staff and fire fighters had to lift the tractor off Menz with air bags and eventually a wrecker, and moved dirt while going back and forth over the accident scene. In Stevenson we noted the "limited use" that destroyed track records would have served when they did "not show the exact condition of the track at the time of the accident." Stevenson, 354 F.3d at 749. Here, the levy work Menz completed in the summer and fall of 2003 has less relevance unless the levy was still in the exact condition it was at the time of the accident. Thus, if on remand the district court determines Steve Menz acted in bad faith, it must also determine the extent to which Menz's levy work actually prejudiced the appellees, i.e., altered a material condition of the levy as it existed at the time of the accident, before a sanction for spoliation would be warranted.


23
The district court abused its discretion when it dismissed this action without first determining whether Steve Menz acted in bad faith.1

III

24
We affirm the district court's order denying the motion to remand, but reverse the district court's sanction order and remand for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.



Notes:


1
 Since we are reversing on this issue, it is unnecessary to address the Menzes' other arguments


















































 




CAFC- HOMER J. HOLLAND AND STEVEN BANGERT (CO-EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF HOWARD R. ROSS), Plaintiff-Appellees, AND FIRST BANK, Plaintiff-Cross Appellant, v. UNITED STATES, Defendant-Appellant, - PubKGroup























 






































 CAFC-  HOMER J. HOLLAND AND STEVEN BANGERT (CO-EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF HOWARD R. ROSS),  Plaintiff-Appellees, AND FIRST BANK,  Plaintiff-Cross Appellant, v. UNITED STATES, Defendant-Appellant,







CAFC-  HOMER J. HOLLAND AND STEVEN BANGERT (CO-EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF HOWARD R. ROSS),  Plaintiff-Appellees, AND FIRST BANK,  Plaintiff-Cross Appellant, v. UNITED STATES, Defendant-Appellant,
10/12/2010



CAFC Nos. 2009-5095, -5097, October 12, 2010. Winstar case. The court reverses the 2008 COFC opinion which held the government liable and awarded some $18 million in damages. Noting that the case presents an “unusual factual situation”, the Federal Circuit… Read more ›To access this content, you must purchase PubKLaw Yearly Membership or Add an Employee to your Group Membership – Law Membership, or log in if you are a member. 










 



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















